<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1861121_0001213900-23-029884.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3964610</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>462466</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>801780</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>830459</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>923236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>848522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029884.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414161158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029884
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001861121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981595236
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41167
		FILM NUMBER:		23821282

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 KENNETT PIKE, SUITE 302
		CITY:			WILIMNGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 720-3731

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 KENNETT PIKE, SUITE 302
		CITY:			WILIMNGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029884.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_evemobili.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
 to

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant EVE.U The New York Stock Exchange Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 EVE WS The New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 
None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, computed as of
June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately 
million. 

As of April 12, 2023, there were 
of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares and of the Registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding. 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I. 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1.A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 17 
 
 Item 1.B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 48 
 
 Part II. 
 49 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 49 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 54 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 54 
 
 Item 9.A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 55 
 
 Item 9.B. 
 Other Information. 
 55 
 
 Item 9.C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 55 
 
 Part III. 
 56 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 64 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 64 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 66 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 67 
 
 Part IV. 
 68 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 68 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 68 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements
under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. These statements constitute projections,
forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their
potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may
cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our being a company with no operating history and no operating
revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target
business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our directors and officers allocating their time to other
businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number
of potential business combination opportunities; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses and the technology
industries; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination
due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks,
natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number
of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available
to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item
1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ). 

Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

Part
I. 

References in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to we, us, our or the company 
are to EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to our sponsor refer to EVe Mobility
Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to our sponsor and
each of our independent directors. 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 23, 2021, for the purpose of effectuating a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses (the business combination ).
While we are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a business combination, we intend
to focus our search for a target business operating in the automotive and mobility industry. We are an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

While efforts to identify
a target business may span many industries, our focus will be predominantly within the mobility-related ecosystem and its surrounding
adjacencies. This landscape encompasses traditional automotive sectors as well as technological subsectors that are driving the advancement
of the industry as a whole. Most notably this includes autonomous, connected, electric and shared ACES mobility, yielding
a market opportunity that is large, highly diverse, and poised for growth through digitalization. We believe numerous subsectors are adjacent
to the broader mobility ecosystem, which include, but are not limited to manufacturing, hard and soft technology around autonomy, connectivity,
subscriptions, digital retailing, financial services, insurtech, maintenance and repair, aftermarket, telematics, logistics and supply
chain management. 

Our sponsor is a partnership
between members of our board of directors; EVM-1A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 10X Capital; ASJC Global LLC Series
17 and Cohen Sponsor LLC A17 RS. We intend to source initial business combination opportunities through our sponsor and management
team s expansive network of mobility-related business leaders, public and private company executives and board members, investment
bankers, private equity and debt investors, high net worth individuals and their advisors, commercial bankers, attorneys, management consultants,
accountants and other transaction intermediaries. 

On April 7, 2021, the sponsor
paid 25,000 in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the founder shares ). On September 3, 2021, the company
effected a share capitalization of an additional 2,395,833 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 9,583,333 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. On September 27, 2021, the company surrendered 1,916,666 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in
an aggregate of 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares. On December 14, 2021, the company effected a share capitalization of 766,666 Class
B ordinary shares, resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,433,333 founder shares. The founder shares included
an aggregate of up to 1,100,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor and its permitted transferees would own, on an as-converted
basis, 25 of the company s issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering. On December 17, 2021, with the partial
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, 1,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, leaving
100,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture 

1 

The registration statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on December 14, 2021. On December 17, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering of 25,000,000 units (the units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold,
the public shares ), including the issuance of 3,000,000 units as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of
its over-allotment option, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one ordinary share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

Substantially concurrently
with the closing of our initial public offering, we completed the private sale of 1,140,000 private placement units (the private
placement units at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, to our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor and Moelis Company Group, LP Moelis LP ), an affiliate of Moelis Company, LLC Moelis ), generating
gross proceeds of 11,400,000. The private placement units are identical to the units sold as part of the units in our initial public
offering except that, no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the sale of the private placement units. 

Following the closing of our
initial public offering on December 17, 2021, an amount of 255,000,000, comprised of proceeds from our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the trust account ), and will be invested
only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the trust account, as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. The New
York Stock Exchange (the NYSE rules provide that the business combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on income earned
on the trust account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a business combination. We will only complete a business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the forward purchase agreements
(or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders
or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of a business combination either
(i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The public
shareholders will be entitled to redeem their public shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the trust account 10.20 per
share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a business combination, including any pro rata interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to pay its tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the
completion of a business combination with respect to our warrants. The per-share amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem
their public shares will be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we pay to the underwriters of our initial public offering. 

We will have until 18 months
from the closing of our initial public offering (the combination period to complete a business combination. If we are unable
to complete a business combination within the combination period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman law to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

2 

Effecting a Business Combination 

Market Opportunity 
Industry Overview 

Technological advancements
are enabling the development of cars that are autonomous, connected, and electric. These advancements are transforming how consumers gain
access to vehicles and accelerating the adoption of digital retailing and new mobility solutions. The mobility sector supporting ACES
is diverse and highly fragmented. This presents opportunities across the industry, directly related to ACES, as well as ancillary business
models supporting the automotive ecosystem. Ancillary business models include vehicle subscriptions, digital retailing, financial services,
insurtech, maintenance and repair, aftermarket, telematics, logistics, supply chain, and more. 

In an already fragmented industry,
start-ups have emerged and are leading technological advancements. Well over 2,000 start-ups have been identified across the mobility
landscape, of which we believe many will be consolidated and a smaller number of market leaders will emerge. We believe this represents
a significant number of companies that may be interested in becoming a public company and that a business combination transaction with
a special purpose acquisition company like ours would offer an attractive alternative to a traditional initial public offering. 

We will target innovative,
forward-thinking businesses with the potential to help lead the disruption and consolidation across the mobility ecosystem. Our focus
will be on compelling technology-driven companies that will accelerate their growth trajectories in a post-pandemic world and benefit
from access to public markets, as well as our sponsorship. Given our management team s extensive global network of entrepreneurs,
operating partners, and financial partners we believe that we are able to benefit from a significant pipeline of proprietary opportunities. 

Our Competitive Advantages 

We intend to employ a strategic
and flexible acquisition framework to identify a target that can leverage the experience and operational expertise of our founders. We
seek to use our experience to identify and negotiate a business combination transaction with an enduring business model that meets our
investment criteria. We believe the combined experiences of the members of our management team, advisors and board of directors present
a compelling value proposition for mobility companies looking for alternatives to a traditional IPO. 

Over the course of their careers,
the members of our management team, board of directors and their affiliates have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships
that we believe will serve as a useful source for opportunities. While the mobility market presents a significant number of potential
targets, we believe that our on-the-ground familiarity with the landscape gives us an advantage in sourcing high-quality business combination
targets. This network has been developed through both investing and operating experience across the mobility ecosystem. We expect that
this network across the industry will provide us with a robust flow of potential opportunities. 

Our key differentiators: 

Track record of launching and stewarding the growth of leading automotive/mobility companies in both the
public and private markets; 

Proven experience in financing and scaling automotive/mobility companies; 

Experience in founding and leading top automotive/mobility companies, establishing partnerships and JVs,
leading M A activity, and taking companies public; 

Reputation for being first-movers across cycles, industries and geographies; 

Proven experience in launching and leading new, disruptive companies in the mobility ecosystem; 

3 

Broad and deep network of relationships across the entire automotive industry/mobility ecosystem, providing
sources of acquisition opportunities; 

Established senior-level relationships with OEMs, captive finance companies, and automotive/mobility start-ups
across the world; 

Experience and knowledge to guide and advise leading management teams in their transition from the private
to the public markets. 

We believe our management s
expertise will make our SPAC an attractive business combination partner to potential acquisition targets. We offer mobility companies
an alternative to the traditional public offering, and such alternative would provide liquidity to investors and employees, create another
currency for acquisitions in the form of publicly-traded equity, and increase their profile with customers, partners and investors. We
believe we will be perceived by such companies as an attractive partner to for a business combination transaction due to our management
team s experience identifying, creating, operating, growing and monetizing businesses and accessing the U.S. capital markets. 

Additional Disclosures 

Sourcing of Potential
Initial Business Combination 

We believe our management
team and the members of our board of directors significant operating and transaction experience and relationships will provide
us with a substantial number of potential initial business combination targets. 

Over the course of their careers,
the members of our management team and board of directors have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around
the world. This network has provided our management team and members of our board of directors with a flow of referrals in the past and
we believe that this network will serve as an important source of potential business combination targets in the future. In addition, we
anticipate that target business combination candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or completing
the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association) with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions stating that the consideration to be paid by us in such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Members of our management
team and our board of directors will directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement units following the offering,
including through their ownership in the sponsor, as set forth in Principal Shareholders, and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities (including other
special purpose acquisition companies with which they are or may become involved) pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity before presenting it to us. Accordingly, if any of our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman law. Our officers and directors also may choose to present
business opportunities to other entities (including other special purpose acquisition companies). Our directors and officers are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time
amongst various business activities, including identifying potential business combination targets. See Risk Factors Risks
Relating to Our Management Team and Conflicts of Interest Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in
the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual
serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging
directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy
in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for
any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

4 

Acquisition Criteria 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines which we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, but are not exhaustive. We
will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We believe our team s significant operating and deal-making
experience and relationships will give us a number of competitive advantages and will present us with a substantial number of potential
business combination targets, particularly in the mobility sector. The factors we will consider include growth prospects, competitive
dynamics, opportunities for consolidation and need for capital investment. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that we believe
have the following: 

Differentiated, transformational business model and/or technology, focused on advancing the future of
mobility; 

Validated business model, ability to scale, and a proven product-market fit; 

Strong historical revenue trajectory and profitability (or clear path to profitability); 

Equipped to operate in the scrutiny of public markets and will have strong management, corporate governance
and reporting policies in place; 

Sophisticated management team that has a proven track record and ability to create long-term shareholder
value; 

Expectation of attractive returns for shareholders; and 

Poised for transformation that can be accelerated by our management team and infusion of capital. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will
disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination,
which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections
of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. 

If any of our directors or
officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has
pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such
entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

5 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are
located at 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, DE 19807 and our telephone number is (302) 273-0014. 

Mail addressed to the company
and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the company to be dealt with. None
of the company or its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office
services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused with regards to mail reaching the forwarding
address. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will
make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer target businesses an
alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their equity securities, shares or
shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe
target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial
public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting
efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent
the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means
of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of
the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual
gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal
quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year
period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100
million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a
business combination initially in the amount of 244,750,000 assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to 9,515,000 of deferred
underwriting fees and the fee payable to the underwriters pursuant to the Business Combination Marketing Agreement of 3,795,000 (the
 marketing fee ), in each case, after estimated offering expenses of 500,000 (and prior to any working capital expenses following
our initial public offering), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing
capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

6 

Effecting Our Initial
Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using
cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of
these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with
a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the
numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or the redemptions of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released
to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the
purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We have not selected any business
combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with
any business combination target. 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. 

In the case of an initial
business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing
the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law or we decide to do so for business or
other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Selection of a target
business and structuring of our initial business combination 

The NYSE rules require that
we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account).
Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination (including with the assistance of strategic
and financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, Inc. or FINRA, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion
that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. While we consider it likely that our board of directors
will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do
so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as
to the value of the target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to the NYSE rules, any initial business combination must
be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE s 80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination
involves more than one target business, the aggregate value of all of the target businesses will be taken into account for purposes of
the 80 fair market value test. 

7 

We are subject to the rules
and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other
obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information,
which will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of business diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. 

By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses,
unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. 

Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

8 

Limited ability to evaluate
the target s management team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more
of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of
them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that
members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the post-transaction company. The determination as
to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the post-transaction company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following our initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders may not
have the ability to approve our initial business combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under the rules of the NYSE,
shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or
in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting
power then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the rules of the NYSE) has
a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of ordinary shares
to be issued, or if the number of ordinary shares into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1 of
the number of ordinary shares or 1 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers
or (b) 5 of the number of ordinary shares or 5 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security
holders; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The Companies Act and Cayman
Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our
initial business combination. 

Permitted purchases and
other transactions with respect to our securities 

In the event we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares
or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial
business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors,
officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives
to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However,
they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for
any such transactions. In the event our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates determine to undertake
any such transactions, such transactions could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of
the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject
to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information or if such purchases are
prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout
periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (2) clear certain trades prior to execution. We cannot
currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several
factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either
make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

9 

In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such
selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial
business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required
to comply with such rules. 

The purpose of such transaction
could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our
initial business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with
a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly
making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, directors,
officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting
us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of public shares) following our mailing of
tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or any of their respective affiliates enter into private transactions, they would identify and contact only potential selling
or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against
our initial business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares
available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price
per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to
redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the
other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will
be restricted unless such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under
Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order
for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers and/or any of their respective affiliates will
be restricted from making purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

10 

Redemption rights for
public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and
outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At the completion of our initial business combination, we will
be required to purchase any ordinary shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account is initially
anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will
not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and marketing fee we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will
include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting
Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (1) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share
purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions
where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association would typically require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose
to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

If a shareholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5
under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

11 

If, however, shareholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for
business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

We expect that a final proxy
statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy
statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct
redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive
and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing
or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In
such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree) to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial
business combination. Our directors and officers also have agreed to vote in favor of our initial business combination with respect to
public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination,
our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled
to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of
whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares,
private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset
test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination
may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital
or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed
business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination
(including, potentially, with the same target). 

Limitation on redemption
upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
redemption rights, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting
in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares
with respect to excess shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large
blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
business combination as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the
then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of
15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are
not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
excess shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

12 

Tendering share certificates
in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights 

We may require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in
the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or
proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that
a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the
time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the scheduled
vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the
case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote.
However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional
notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it
is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by some blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
some blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market.
If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his
or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit
before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the
redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming
holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

13 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business days prior to the
scheduled date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal
rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and
subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months from the
closing of our initial public offering or during any extension period. 

Redemption of public
shares and liquidation if no initial business combination 

Our sponsor, directors and
officers have agreed that we will have only 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business
combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such 18-month period or during any extension period, we
will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the allotted time period. 

Our initial shareholders have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or during any extension period. However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the allotted time period. 

Our sponsor, directors and
officers have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from
the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. 

14 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the 1,500,000 of proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units not deposited in the trust
account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient
to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of
such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you
that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.20. While we intend to pay
such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do
business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account
for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such
agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
(1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to
pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and
except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our
sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us
for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you
that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.20 per share. 

15 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be
liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 1,500,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private placement units, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with
our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be
liable for claims made by creditors. 

If we file a winding-up or
bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included in our insolvency estate and subject to the claims
of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we
cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a winding-up or bankruptcy
petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by
shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims
of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure
you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will
a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds
held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. 

Competition 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business
combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons
that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete
with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the
event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares,
it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at
a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Employees 

We currently have four officers
and do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem
necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote
in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed business combination and, if the proposed business combination is not
consummated, whether a different target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business
combination process. 

16 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If
any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe
are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to Our Search
for, and Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our public shareholders may not be
afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder
vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the rules of the NYSE
currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval
if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares,
we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules,
the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may
consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve
of the business combination we consummate. 

If we seek shareholder approval of
our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike some other blank check
companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the
public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed (and
their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares,
private placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to
our initial shareholders founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 7,914,477, or approximately 31.7 (assuming
all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of
the 25,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have
such initial business combination approved. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations
on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees
will own at least 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than
would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public
shareholders. 

17 

Your only opportunity to affect the
investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from
us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. 

Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public
shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination
and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination.
If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect
our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary
to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and
may instead search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). Prospective targets will be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore,
we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price,
or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet
such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we
initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. In addition, the per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption
rights will not be reduced by the marketing fee. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business
combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

18 

The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the
open market. 

The requirement that we complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of
such time period. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on
terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor, directors and
officers have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability
to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak
of infectious diseases. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of
the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination,
including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a
significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our
initial business combination within such time period or during any extension period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per
share, or less than 10.20 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

19 

Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In December 2019, a novel
strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout parts of the world, including the
United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of
International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency
for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization
characterized the outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets
worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we
consummate a business combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable
to complete a business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings
with potential investors, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate
a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and
the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability
to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination,
may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability to
consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of
increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at
all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related
to the market for our securities and cross border transactions. 

If we seek shareholder approval of
our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase
shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem
its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination,
subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors
or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire
public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the
number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have
been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly
making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

20 

If a shareholder fails to receive
notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender
offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may
not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these
procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You are not entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from the rules
promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination
than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the
release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released
to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of
our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares
in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of
15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the excess shares, without our prior consent.
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including excess shares) for or against
our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the excess shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell excess shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the excess shares if we complete our initial business combination.
And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and
the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business
combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons
that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability to compete
with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the
event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares,
it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at
a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

21 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination. This could increase
the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our
initial business combination. 

In recent years, and especially
in the first half of 2021, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many
companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose
acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies
currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and
resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete
our initial business combination. 

If the funds not being held in the
trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of our initial public offering,
we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. 

The funds available to us
outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of our initial
public offering, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs
in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through potential loans from certain of
our affiliates are discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from
unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of the funds available to
us, we could use a portion of the funds to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use
a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep
target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such
target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so.
If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the
required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Changes in the market for directors
and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. 

In recent months, the market
for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management
team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies
have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming
a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

22 

In addition, after completion
of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the
post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers
(other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into
an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or
products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our
sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if
any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions
could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination,
and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors
or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.20 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the
trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that
it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal
action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors
in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce
these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may
be reduced below 10.20 per share. 

23 

The securities in which we invest
the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such
that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust
account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing
solely in U.S. Treasuries. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have
briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent
years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar
policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of
interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received
by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members
of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our
board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or
all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds
in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
or insolvency law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received
by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be
restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities; 

each of which may make it
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed
upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that
we are currently not subject to. 

24 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested
by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in
U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds
will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or
a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete
our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

We are and will be subject
to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain
SEC and other legal requirements, our business combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations
and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable
laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application
may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
of operations. 

If we have not completed our initial
business combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time period before
redemption from our trust account. 

If we have not completed our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any extension period, we will
distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of
winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected
automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we
are required to windup, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part
of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies
Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account
become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation
to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business
combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where
investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period and do not amend
certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

Our shareholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing
themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and
willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as
they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine and imprisonment in the Cayman
Islands. 

25 

We may not hold an annual general
meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to elect or
remove directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the NYSE
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint
directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs
with management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the
appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of a majority of our founder
shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

The grant of registration rights to
our initial shareholders, the underwriters and their permitted transferees and the holders of our private placement units, private placement
shares and private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise
of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to an agreement we
entered into prior to the closing of our initial public offering, at or after the time of our initial business combination, our initial
shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares after those shares convert
to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our sponsor, the underwriters and their permitted transferees can demand that we register
the resale of the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants,
and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants
or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the
founder shares and the private placement units, private placement shares and private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and
availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly
or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined
entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected
when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our private placement warrants or warrants
issued in connection with working capital loans are registered for resale. 

Because we are not limited to a particular
industry, sector or geographic area or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will
be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Although we expect to focus
our search for a target business in the automotive and mobility industry, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating
company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 of net assets test) and in any industry, sector or geographic area. However,
we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any
specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development stage entity. Although our directors
and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to
our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholder
or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

26 

We may seek acquisition opportunities
in industries outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business
combination in industries outside of our management s areas of expertise, if a business combination candidate is presented to us
and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the event we elect to pursue an
acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we
elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant
to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively,
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general
criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business
combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into
our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights,
which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder
approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not
completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20
per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

In addition to the Business Combination
Marketing Agreement, we may engage the underwriters or any of their affiliates to provide us with additional services. The underwriters
are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination.
These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services. 

In addition to the Business
Combination Marketing Agreement described under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, we may engage the underwriters or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example,
identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt
financing. We may pay the underwriters or any of their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned
on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or any of their affiliates financial interests
are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such
additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

27 

We may seek acquisition opportunities
with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks
include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings,
intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors
and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is
fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater
than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other
risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000
Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of
December 31, 2022, there were 473,860,000 and 41,666,667 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares,
respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants
but not upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially
at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preference shares issued
and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preference shares, in order to complete our initial business combination or
under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem
the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business
combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account
or (2) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preference
shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution
would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior
to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares is issued, which may affect,
among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of
our present directors and officers; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership
or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

28 

Our initial business combination or
reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

We may, subject to requisite
shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction,
reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions
may result in tax liability for a shareholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax
resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which
we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to our initial business combination, such tax liability may attach prior
to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor,
directors and officers. Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those
described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities
may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines
for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to
acquire, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more businesses affiliated
with our sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination
may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our initial shareholders will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022, our
initial shareholders hold 8,333,333 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
In addition, our sponsor, Cantor and Moelis LP, an affiliate of Moelis, purchased an aggregate of 1,140,000 private placement units for
a purchase price of 11,400,000 in the aggregate, or 10.00 per unit, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. 

29 

The founder shares are identical
to the ordinary shares included in the units sold in our initial public offering except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination,
only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (3)
our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive:
(i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them, as applicable,
in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares,
private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from
the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any extension period (although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary
shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment
pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights.
If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares, private placement
shares and any public shares held by them purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

The personal and financial
interests of our sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This
risk may become more acute as the deadline to complete our initial business combination nears. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our
ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce
the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate
purposes; 

30 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less
debt. 

We may be able to complete only one
business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us
to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of
risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial
business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

31 

We do not have a specified maximum
redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we
may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with
the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated
agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the
aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available
to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination (including, potentially, with the same target). 

Because our trust account initially
contained 10.20 per Class A ordinary share, public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of
our initial business combination. 

Our trust account initially
contained 10.20 per Class A ordinary share. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies for which the
trust account will only contain 10.00 per Class A ordinary share. As a result of the additional funds that could be available to public
shareholders upon redemption of public shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares and not
to hold those Class A ordinary shares through our initial business combination. A higher percentage of redemptions by our public shareholders
could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial
business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that
some of our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate an
initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business
combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to
their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of
Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by
either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s
ordinary shares at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been
given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either
by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible
under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our
initial business combination, which require the approval of the holders of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending
and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. The warrant agreement provides that
(a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct
any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement set forth in the prospectus related to our initial public offering, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or
desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications
or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants and, solely with respect to
any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement
warrants, at least 65 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, or extend the time to consummate
an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. To the extent any of such amendments would be
deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or
seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

32 

Certain provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions
of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds
of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check
companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust
agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies
have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s
pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies,
amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-business
combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of private placement units
into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders),
may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, and corresponding
provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of
our ordinary shares (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination, which require the approval of the holders of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting
in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 25 of our ordinary shares may participate in any vote
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in
any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Certain agreements related to our
initial public offering may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Certain agreements, including
the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial
shareholders, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions, including transfer restrictions
on our founder shares, that our public shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve
any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in
exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement
in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders,
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect
on the value of an investment in our securities. 

33 

We may be unable to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us
to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

If the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the size
of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem
for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek
additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target
business candidate. 

In addition, even if we do
not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our directors, officers or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust
account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may issue our shares to investors
in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00
per share or at a price which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time. The purpose of such issuances will
be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity and such issuances may be made upon beneficial
terms to such investors, which could cause dilution to our existing shareholders. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less,
and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Our initial shareholders will control
the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business combination and will hold a substantial interest
in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders will
own 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of the founder
shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of the board of directors for any reason. Holders of
our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of a majority of at least 90 
of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of
directors prior to our initial business combination. 

In addition, as a result of
their substantial ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in
privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will
exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

34 

A provision of our warrant agreement
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike some blank check companies,
if 

(i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and in the case of any such issuance
to the sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance)(the newly issued price ), 

(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and 

(iii) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the market value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of
the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price, the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the market value and the
newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our warrants and founder shares may
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business
combination. 

We have issued warrants to
purchase 12,500,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering,
we issued in the private placement an aggregate of 1,140,000 private placement units, which include private placement warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 570,000 Class A ordinary shares, at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 150,000 private
placement units, at the price of 10.00 per unit. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate a business combination,
the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion
rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number
of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business
combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the
cost of acquiring the target business. 

The private placement warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that (1) the private placement warrants
will not be redeemable by us, (2) the private placement warrants (and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants)
are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained in the letter agreement, (3) the private placement warrants may be exercised by
the holders on a cashless basis, and (4) the holders of the private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of such warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection
with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required
to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S.
GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on
the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target
businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

35 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition, and present risks of non-compliance in the event we successfully consummate
a business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek
to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the incumbent management
team of a business combination target will have the necessary experience or knowledge to develop the appropriate level of internal controls
over financial reporting and otherwise maintain compliance with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we complete
our business combination and the management team of the combined entity is unable to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, our operations might suffer and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

If our management team pursues a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in
connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues
a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks
associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial
business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators
or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business
combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an
international setting (including how relevant governments respond to such factors), including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial
and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

imposition of withholding taxes; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

36 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; 

rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

energy shortages; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms
of social instability; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory military service by personnel; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination,
our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business
Combination Company 

We may face risks related to companies
in the industry in which we acquire a business. 

Following our initial business
combination, we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire.
Specifically, business combinations with targets operating in certain industries, including the automotive and mobility industry, may
entail special considerations and risks. Any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating
results following a business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will disclose material risks related to the business we seek to acquire and
the industry in which it operates. However, additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we believe are not material,
at such time may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results following
a business combination. 

Subsequent to our completion of our
initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities,
which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that
may be present with a particular target business that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of
due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors,
we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could
result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously
known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt
financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

37 

After our initial business combination,
our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies,
developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and
social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic
growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future.
If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our
ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business
combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Our management may not be able to
maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of
a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business, but we will complete such business combination only if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection
with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of
the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than
a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may
subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target
business. 

We may have limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder
or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The directors and officers
of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

38 

After our initial business combination,
it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially all of our assets
will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal
rights. 

It is possible that after
our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially
all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors
in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments
of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business
combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target
business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S.
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our
operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Management
Team and Conflicts of Interest 

We are dependent upon our directors
and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and in particular, Scott Painter, our director and Chief Executive Officer. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our directors and officers, including Mr. Painter. In addition, our directors and officers
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business endeavors, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
For a discussion of certain of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of,
any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental
effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect
our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom
may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the
operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

In addition, the directors
and officers of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination
target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an
acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time.
Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition
candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not
wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

39 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for
them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able
to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of
such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business
combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination.
There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as
to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Our directors and officers will allocate
their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our directors and officers
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors may be engaged in several other
business endeavors for which he may be entitled to, or otherwise expect to receive, substantial compensation or other economic benefit
and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, all
of our officers and certain of our directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which either of them has invested
or are otherwise affiliated with, including companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Certain of our
independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. Our officers and directors other business
affairs, as applicable, may require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs. This could limit our officers and
directors ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. For a discussion of our officers and directors other business endeavors, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Certain of our directors and officers
are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to
be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should
be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial
business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and directors
and officers are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our sponsor and directors
and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies,
including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination, and any such
involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above. 

40 

Our directors and officers
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe
certain fiduciary or contractual duties, including any other special purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved with.
Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation
to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or
an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being
offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or
officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

For a complete discussion
of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of,
please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, and Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Administrative Services Agreement. 

Our directors, officers, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest.
In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers.
Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types
conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In particular, affiliates
of our sponsor have interests in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would
be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

Members of our management team and
board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain
of those persons have been and may become involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the
companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our
ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their
careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or
executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may
in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or
transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s
and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business
combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Members of our management team and
affiliated companies have been, and may in the future be, subject to significant media coverage and involved in civil disputes or governmental
investigations unrelated to our business. 

Members of our management
team have been (and intend to be) involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may, lead to significant media coverage,
including adverse media coverage, and public awareness. In addition, members of our management team and affiliated companies have been,
and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such media coverage,
public awareness, disputes or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify
and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

41 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity; and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will
a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds
held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public
shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The NYSE may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that
our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order
to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution
and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public shareholders).
Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s
initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that
time. 

If the NYSE delists any of
our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect
such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers
trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in
the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants currently qualify as covered securities
under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the
states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can
regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit
or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators
view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of
blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities
under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

42 

You will not be permitted to exercise
your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

Pursuant to terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business
combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our
initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those
Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example,
any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus,
the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements,
we will be required to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant
not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant,
or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise
of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be
entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants
as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units.
There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their
warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of the units sold in our initial
public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers)
would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would
not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us,
we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under
all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise
unable to exercise such warrants. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants. 

Our warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any
ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) removing
or reducing our ability to redeem the public warrants, or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions
arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem
to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants in any material respect. All other modifications or amendments,
(a) with respect to the terms of the public warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the public warrants requires
the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants, and (b) with respect to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants requires the approval by the
holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants
in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve such amendment. Although our
ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited,
examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

43 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if,
among other things, the reference value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise
the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when
you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants
are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

Because each unit contains one-half
of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-half
of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and
only whole warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one
whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the units in this
way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable
in the aggregate for a third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share,
thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may
cause our units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole
share. 

Because we are incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through
the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult or more costly for investors to effect service of
process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our
directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will
be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or
amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors,
actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent
governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial
precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are
not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under
Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States.
In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as
Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may
not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

44 

We have been advised by Maples
and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the
United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon
the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by
those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court
of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon
the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the
Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay
enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the
above, public shareholders may have more difficulty or incur greater cost in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by
management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Our warrant agreement designates the
courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum
for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant
holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or
any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a NY foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (a NY enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such NY enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the NY
foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may make it more costly for a warrant holder to bring a claim and limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find
this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or
proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management
and board of directors. 

Provisions in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in
the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be
in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms
of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

45 

Since only holders of our founder
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within
the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our founder
shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until our initial business combination. As a result, the NYSE may consider
us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance
standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled
company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board of directors that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
under the NYSE rules; 

we have a compensation committee of our board of directors that is comprised entirely of independent directors
with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors that is comprised entirely
of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize
these exemptions and intend to continue to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in
rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded
to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a newly incorporated company
with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly incorporated
company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no
basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or
more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination
and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never
generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management
team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Information regarding performance
by our management team and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management
team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (1) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our
initial business combination or (2) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on
the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates, or any related investment s performance as indicative
of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Further,
members of our board of directors and management team and their respective affiliates have been involved with a large number of public
and private companies in addition to those identified in the prospectus related to our initial public offering, not all of which have
achieved similar performance levels. 

46 

We may be a passive foreign investment
company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable
year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder
may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements, including potentially
being required to recognize gain on a business combination in circumstances where U.S. Holders of non-PFIC securities would not unless
an exception applies. Our PFIC status may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a business combination and whether
we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to
uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances
with respect to our status as a PFIC. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end
of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such
information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to
enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will
timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We
urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary shares
and warrants. 

We are an emerging growth company
and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to
investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our
securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100
million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may
also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

47 

Our search for a business
combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected
by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus
and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

United States and global markets
are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia
in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military
forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions
and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States,
have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. In addition,
the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia,
could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. 

Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target business with
which we may ultimately consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions
and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue
for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this report. If these disruptions or other matters of global
concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business
with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, DE 19807. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per month
fee that we pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers
or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

48 

Part II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our units began trading on
the NYSE on December 15, 2021. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant to purchase one
Class A ordinary share. On January 31, 2022 we announced that holders of the units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary
shares and redeemable warrants included in the units commencing on February 4, 2022. Any units not separated continue to trade on the
NYSE under the symbol EVE.U Any underlying Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants that were separated trade on
the NYSE under the symbols EVE and EVE WS, respectively. 

(b) Holders 

As of April 12, 2023,
there was approximately one holder of record of our units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary
shares, approximately one holder of record of our redeemable warrants and approximately one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

The performance graph has
been omitted as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

There were no unregistered
securities to report which have not been previously included in an Annual Report on Form 10-K, a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

49 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the company, 
 our, us or we refer to EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp . The following discussion and analysis
of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report includes
 forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual
Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations regarding the company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future
operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based
on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the
events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly
required by applicable securities law, the company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 23, 2021 formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any
business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the forward purchase agreements (or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued
to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other
sources. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and since the closing
of our initial public offering, the search for a prospective initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
on cash and cash equivalents held after the initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of 2,626,104, which resulted from interest income on investments held in Trust Account of 3,678,066, partially
offset by operating costs of 1,051,962. 

For the period from March 23,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 396,842, which resulted from operating and formation costs of 397,450
offset by gains of 608. 

50 

Liquidity, Capital Resources,
and Going Concern 

On December 17, 2021, we consummated
an initial public offering (the initial public offering of 25,000,000 units, including the issuance of 3,000,000 units as
a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds
of 250,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of 1,140,000 units
(the private placement units to EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC (the sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor and Moelis Company Group, LP Moelis LP ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 11,400,000.
The proceeds from the sale of the private placement units were added to the net proceeds from the initial public offering held in a trust
account (the trust account ). If we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of
the initial public offering, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption of the public
shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the warrants included in the private placement units will expire worthless. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities of 639,385, which was due to interest income on investments held in the trust account
of 3,678,066, offset by net income of 2,626,104, and changes in working capital of 412,577. 

For the period from March
23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 677,491, which was due to a net loss of 396,842,
changes in working capital of 280,041, 608 of interest income on investments held in the trust account. 

There were no cash flows from
investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net
cash used in investing activities of 255,000,000 was the result of the amount of net proceeds from our initial public offering and sale
of private placement units being deposited to the trust account. 

There were no cash flows from
financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 net
cash provided by financing activities of 256,427,784 was comprised of proceeds from the issuance of units in our initial public offering
net of underwriter s discount paid of 245,600,000, proceeds from the issuance of units in a private placement of 11,400,000 and
proceeds from the issuance of the promissory note - related party of 216,353, offset in part by the payment of offering costs associated
with the initial public offering of 572,216 and repayment of the outstanding balance on the promissory note - related party of 216,353. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the company had 110,908 and 750,293 in cash held outside of the trust account and working capital deficit of 29,722
and working capital surplus of 699,592, respectively. Upon the completion of the initial public offering, capital in excess of the funds
deposited in the trust account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the company for general working capital purposes.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The company intends to use
the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete
a business combination. 

If the company s estimates
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are
less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an
initial business combination. Moreover, the company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an initial business combination
or because the company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its public shares upon completion of an initial business combination,
in which case the company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

In connection with the company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements 
 Going Concern , pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the company has until June 17, 2023
to consummate a business combination. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, or the company s shareholders have not
approved an extension, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the company. Although the company intends to
consummate a business combination on or before June 17, 2023, and may seek an extension, it is uncertain that the company will be able
to consummate a business combination, or obtain an extension, by this time. This, as well as its liquidity condition, raise substantial
doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets
or liabilities should the company be required to liquidate after June 17, 2023. 

51 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Contractual Obligations 

Founder Shares 

On April 7, 2021, the sponsor
paid 25,000 in consideration for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares (the founder shares ). On September 3, 2021, the company
effected a share capitalization of an additional 2,395,833 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 9,583,333 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. On September 27, 2021, the company surrendered 1,916,666 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in
an aggregate of 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares. On December 14, 2021, the company effected a share capitalization of 766,666 Class
B ordinary shares, resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,433,333 founder shares. The founder shares included
an aggregate of up to 1,100,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor and its permitted transferees would own, on an as-converted
basis, 25 of the company s issued and outstanding shares after the initial public offering. On December 17, 2021, with the partial
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, 1,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, leaving
100,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. On January 14, 2022, the company forfeited the remaining portion of the over-allotment
option, thus, 100,000 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. 

The sponsor has agreed that,
subject to certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of (i) one year
after the completion of a business combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of Class
A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which the company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The founder shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the
holder, on a one-for-one basis. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On April 6, 2021, the company
issued an unsecured promissory note to the sponsor, which was amended and restated on September 3, 2021 (the promissory note ),
pursuant to which the company had the option to borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 to cover expenses related to the
initial public offering. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the completion
of the initial public offering. The outstanding balance under the promissory note of 216,353 was repaid and the promissory note was terminated
at the closing of the initial public offering on December 17, 2021. 

Due from Sponsor 

Due from Sponsor consists
of operating costs associated with EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC that were paid by the company, and are reimbursable by the sponsor on demand.
As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 3,626 and 25,000 were outstanding. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

On December 14, 2021, the
company entered into an agreement to pay the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services.
Upon completion of the business combination or the company s liquidation, the company will cease paying these monthly fees. Under
this agreement, 120,000 and 4,516 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, respectively, was recorded within operating and formation costs in the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, 4,516 related to this agreement was owed to the sponsor, respectively, included within accrued expense on the balance
sheets. 

52 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of the company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the company funds as may be required working capital loans ).
If the company completes a business combination, the company would repay the working capital loans out of the proceeds held in the trust
account released to the company. Otherwise, the working capital loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account.
In the event that a business combination is not completed, the company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the trust account
to repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the working capital loans. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such working capital loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The working capital loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at
the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. There are no working capital loans outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Offering Costs associated
with the Initial Public Offering 

The company complies with
the requirements of ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs ASC 340 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A
- Expenses of Offering . Offering costs directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract to be classified in equity are
recorded as a reduction in equity. Offering costs for equity contracts that are classified as assets and liabilities are expensed immediately.
For the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the company incurred offering costs amounting to 14,355,310
as a result of the initial public offering (consisting of a 4,400,000 underwriting discount, 9,350,000 of deferred offering costs, and
 605,310 of other offering costs). The company recorded 14,071,008 of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity and 284,302
of offering costs as a reduction of permanent equity. 

Warrants 

We account for warrants as
either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants
are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the company s
own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment,
is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The public
warrants and private placement warrants are equity classified. 

53 

Ordinary Shares Subject to
Possible Redemption 

All of the 25,000,000 public
shares sold as part of the units in the initial public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the business combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the
company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all public shares have
been classified outside of permanent equity. The redemption value of the redeemable ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 increased
as the income earned on the trust account exceeds the company s expected dissolution expenses (up to 100,000). As such, the company recorded
an increase in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary shares of 3,678,674 as of December 31, 2022. 

We recognize changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end
of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against
additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary
Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Re-measurement associated with the redeemable Class A
ordinary shares is excluded from net income (loss) per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Therefore, the per share
calculation allocates income and losses shared pro rata between Class A and Class B ordinary shares. As a result, the calculated net income loss) per share is the same for Class A and Class B ordinary shares. The company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold
in the initial public offering, the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 13,070,000
shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of
future events. As a result, diluted per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

We do not believe that any
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 7.A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This information appears following
Item 16 of this report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

54 

Item 9.A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15
and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

Management s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management performed an assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based
on that assessment and those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9.B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 

Not Applicable. 

55 

Part III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and
executive officer are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Scott Painter 

54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Georg Bauer 

71 
 
 President and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jim Nguyen 

53 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Kash Sheikh 

54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sue Callaway 

59 
 
 Director 
 
 Carla Bailo 

62 
 
 Director 
 
 James G. Ellis 

76 
 
 Director 

Scott Painter has been
our Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our board of directors since our inception in April, 2021. He has launched innovative
business models that have helped transformed the automotive industry. Since September 2020, he has served as CEO of NextCar Holding Company,
Inc, an automotive subscription platform, in which capacity he is in frequent contact with innovators in the mobility sector. In September
2016, he founded Fair, a used vehicle subscription company. Mr. Painter studied Political Science and Systems Engineering at the United
States Military Academy at West Point between 1989 and 1991; he did not receive a degree and left before graduating. He then studied Economics
at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley) between 1992 and 1993; he did not receive a degree and left UC Berkeley prior
to graduation. 

We believe Mr. Painter is
qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his substantial executive, operational and strategic experience gained
from founding and holding Chief Executive Officer and board member positions at leading public and private companies. 

Georg Bauer has been
our President since our inception and has served as the Vice-Chairman of our board of directors since December 2021. Mr. Bauer has over
40 years of experience in global financial services for leading automotive companies. Since September 2020, he has served as Chairman
of NextCar Holding Company, Inc, an automotive subscription platform, in which capacity he is in frequent contact with innovators in the
mobility sector. In September 2016, he co-founded Fair with Scott Painter. In 2013, Mr. Bauer joined Tesla to build the financial services
business in markets across Europe and Asia, a position he held until September 2016. Mr. Bauer holds a degree in business and finance
as Dipl. Betriebswirt (FH) from Fachhochschule Rosenheim. From 2011-2013 he taught Global Entrepreneurship and Innovation 
at Munich Business School s MBA program. 

We believe Mr. Bauer is qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his substantial executive, operational and strategic experience gained from
serving in leadership positions at leading public automotive companies. 

Kashif Kash 
Sheikh has been our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. Sheikh has a wide range of experience sourcing, evaluating, and
executing transactions and strategic investments across various industries, especially automotive. Since September 2020, he has served
as Chief Financial Officer of NextCar Holding Company, Inc, an automotive subscription platform, in which capacity he is in frequent contact
with innovators in the mobility sector. In addition to his role at NextCar, Mr. Sheikh is currently an independent director on the corporate
board of 10X Capital Venture Acquisition Corp. III. From January 2017 to December 2020, Mr. Sheikh was the Managing Partner of Optim Advisors,
where he advised high net worth families and individuals on investment management, direct investing and other wealth management strategies.
From 2009 to September 2016, Mr. Sheikh served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Andell Inc., a private investment company and
family office where he oversaw all businesses, investments and family office services. Mr. Sheikh holds an MBA from the Anderson School
at UCLA and an undergraduate degree from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 

Jim Nguyen has been
our Chief Operating Officer since our inception. Mr. Nguyen has held a number of executive leadership roles across the automotive industry,
including several public company executive leadership roles. Since September 2020, he has served as President of NextCar Holding Company,
Inc, an automotive subscription platform, in which capacity he is in frequent contact with innovators in the mobility sector. Prior to
joining NXCR, from December 2017 to March 2020, Mr. Nguyen served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of USHG Food Lab LLC, an
incubator of food and beverage concepts in partnership with Walmart, Inc. From 2015 to November 2017, Jim served as President of ALG,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TrueCar, and the auto industry s data and analytics authority on vehicle residual value projections.
Prior to USHG, in 2008, Mr. Nguyen co-founded TrueCar, Inc. While at TrueCar, Jim held multiple executive leadership roles, serving as
Chief Financial Officer, EVP of Business Development, and EVP of Affinity Partner Development and Marketing. Mr. Nguyen holds a BA in
Economics-Accounting from Claremont McKenna College and an MBA from the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA. 

56 

Carla Bailo has served
on our board of directors since December 2021. Carla Bailo is the President and CEO of ECOS Consulting LLC and past President and CEO
of the Center for Automotive Research (CAR), and is a leader in engineering and vehicle program management with 42 years of experience
in the automotive industry. In addition to her role at ECOS, Ms. Bailo is currently an Independent Director on the corporate boards for
SM Energy (SM) and Advance Auto Parts (AAP). Prior to joining CAR, she was most recently the assistant vice president for mobility research
and business development at The Ohio State University. She also has 25 years of experience at Nissan North America, Inc., where she served
as senior vice president of research and development. Ms. Bailo also spent 10 years at General Motors. She has a MS degree in mechanical
engineering from the University of Michigan and a BS degree in mechanical engineering from Kettering University. 

We believe Ms. Bailo is well
qualified to serve on our board because of her extensive professional experience in the automotive industry. 

Sue Callaway has served
on our board of directors since December 2021. Ms. Callaway is a co-founder of Glovebox, where she has served since March 2019. Ms. Callaway
also co-founded Fortune s Most Powerful Women Summit and innovated marketing and content platforms for brands from Esquire and Jaguar
to TrueCar and THE AUTO 100. Before co-founding Glovebox, she was EVP, Editorial Director at Edelman, where she oversaw content strategy
and creation, and crisis and media training for global clients. Prior to joining Edelman, Ms. Callaway was the Senior Editor, Automotive,
for Time Inc., where she oversaw and produced industry coverage digital, video, and print for Fortune, Sports Illustrated,
Time, and Money, among others. She was a member of the board of directors at TrueCar and was also the founder and CEO of THE AUTO 100,
a web-based content and analytics platform that tracks and ranks verticals in real-time. 

We believe Ms. Callaway is
well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive professional experience in the automotive industry. 

James G. Ellis has
served on our board of directors since December 2021. From 2007 to June 2019, Mr. Ellis was the Dean of the Marshall School of Business
at the University of Southern California. Mr. Ellis held a full time tenured appointment as Professor of Marketing from 1997, retiring
in July 2021. Prior to joining USC, Mr. Ellis worked as President/CEO of Porsche Design, a high-end accessories company owned by Europe s
Porsche family. Additionally, he was CEO of Port O Call Pasadena, a high-end home accessory chain, owner/partner in six other companies
and started his career with Broadway Department Stores in Los Angeles. Mr. Ellis has served on the board of directors for Mercury General
Corp. since 2014, and on the board of directors for J.G. Boswell Company since 2019. Since 2008, he has served as an independent director
of certain clusters of American Funds which are advised by Capital Research and Management Company, a subsidiary of Capital Group Companies,
Inc. 

We believe Mr. Ellis is well
qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive professional experience in executive management and senior academic
positions. 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an executive officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual
having a relationship which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have three independent directors as defined
in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Carla Bailo, Sue Callaway and James G.
Ellis is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

Number, Terms of Office
and Election of Officers and Director 

Our board of directors consists
of five members. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors
and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment
of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended
by a special resolution passed by the holders of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting.
Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies
on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our
board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our initial business combination, holders of our
founder shares). 

57 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman,
a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant
Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board
of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of
our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are composed solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee
are Carla Bailo, Sue Callaway and James G. Ellis. James G. Ellis serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal
audit function and independent auditors; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors
and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in
order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the
independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the
preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

58 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation
committee are Carla Bailo and Sue Callaway. Sue Callaway serve as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive
Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any
incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating
and corporate governance committee are Carla Bailo and James G. Ellis. Carla Bailo will serve as chair of the nominating and corporate
governance committee. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities
of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual
general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance
guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when
necessary. 

59 

The charter also provides
that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any
search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other
retention terms. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics and business conduct (our code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy
of our code of ethics as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our code of ethics and the charters of our audit
committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee on our website www.evemobility.com under Documents
and SEC Filings. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be
incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review these documents by accessing our
public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law,
directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the
company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company
and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above,
directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably
diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same
functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which that director
has. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

60 

Certain of our directors and
officers have fiduciary and contractual duties to certain companies in which either of them has invested or are otherwise affiliated with.
These entities, may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be
precluded from pursuing such opportunities. None of the members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity
for a potential business combination of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our
sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank
check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination,
and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above. Our management team, in their capacities as directors,
officers or employees of our sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors (including other special purpose acquisition companies
they are or may become involved with), may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above,
current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. 

Our directors and officers
presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities (including
other special purpose acquisition companies they are or may become involved with) pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except
and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities
or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in,
any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the
other. Our directors and officers are also not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will
have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Management Team and Conflicts of Interest
 Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue
business combination opportunities or complete our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our founders 
and management s performance as indicative of our future performance. Further, members of our board of directors and management
team and their respective affiliates have been involved with a large number of public and private companies in addition to those identified
in the prospectus related to our initial public offering, not all of which have achieved similar performance levels. See Risk Factors
 General Risk Factors Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of
future performance of an investment in the company. 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment
and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated.
Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

61 

Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of our initial public offering or during
any extension period. However, if our initial shareholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire public shares, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time
period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public
shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Pursuant to a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors
and officers have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions, the restricted founder shares will not be transferable, assignable
or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of: 

with respect to one half of the restricted founder shares held by each initial shareholder: (A) two years
after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported
sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights
issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; and 

with respect to the other half of the restricted founder shares held by each initial shareholder: (A)
two years after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the
last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 13.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days
within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having
the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

with certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the ordinary shares underlying such
warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Since our sponsor and directors and officers may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants and will indirectly own founder
shares and founder warrants following our initial public offering, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in
connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular
business combination. 

Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our directors and officers have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. 

62 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our directors, officers and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may
pose a conflict of interest with us: 

Individual 
 Entity 
 Entity s Business 
 Affiliation 
 
 Scott Painter 
 NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 Automotive Subscription 
 CEO and Chairman 
 
 Georg Bauer 
 NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 Automotive Subscription 
 President and Vice Chairman 
 
 Kash Sheikh 
 NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 Automotive Subscription 
 CFO 
 
 Jim Nguyen 
 NextCar Holding Company, Inc. 
 Automotive Subscription 
 President and COO 
 
 Carla Bailo 
 ECOS Consulting LLC 
 Automotive Consulting 
 President and CEO 

SM Energy 
 Oil Gas Exploration 
 Director 

Advanced Auto Parts, Inc 
 Automotive Parts Provider 
 Director 
 
 Sue Callaway 
 Glovebox, LLC 
 Marketing 
 Founder 

P21 
 Electric Vehicles 
 Co-founder 

Intelligent Handshake 
 Marketing 
 Senior Vice President 
 
 James G. Ellis 
 Capital Group Companies, Inc. 
 Investment Management 
 Director 

Mercury General Corp. 
 Insurance 
 Director 

J.G. Boswell Company 
 Agriculture 
 Director 

Accordingly, if any of the
above directors or officers become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities (or any
other entity, including additional special purpose acquisition companies, they become involved with) to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce
any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be
a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that any of the
foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities
or complete our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions
on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion
that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our sponsor or
any of its affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although our
sponsor and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional
investments, such proposed investments could influence our sponsor s motivation to complete an initial business combination. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed,
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares, private placement shares (and their permitted
transferees will agree) and public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

63 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our directors or officers
have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE
through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our sponsor or an affiliate of
our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our sponsor, directors and officers, or
any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their respective affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
compensation from the post-transaction company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion
of our initial business combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements
with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not
believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination should be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 12, 2023, with respect to our ordinary shares
held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares; 

each of our directors and officers; and 

all our directors and officers as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of April 12, 2023. 

64 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (3) 
 982,857 
 2.9 
 8,333,333 
 24.2 
 
 10X Capital (4) 

Scott Painter (4) 

Georg Bauer (4) 

Jim Nguyen (4) 

Kash Sheikh (4) 

Sue Callaway (4)(5) 

Carla Bailo (4)(5) 

James G. Ellis (4)(5) 

All directors, officers and director nominees as a group (seven individuals) 
 982,857 
 2.9 
 8,333,333 
 24.2 
 
 Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (7) 
 1,874,999 
 5.4 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (6) 
 1,834,914 
 5.3 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled Description of Securities in our prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-261053). 

(2) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o EVe
Mobility Acquisition Corp, 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, DE 19807. 

(3) EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares reported herein.
Our sponsor is controlled by a board of managers comprised of Scott Painter, Kash Sheikh and Maximilian Staedtler. None of Scott Painter,
Kash Sheikh and Maximilian Staedtler exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor and, accordingly,
none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership in such shares. 

(4) Does not include any shares indirectly owned as a result of a membership interest in our sponsor. 

(5) Holds an indirect interest in 50,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

(6) Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on December 23, 2021, by Saba Capital
Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company Saba GP and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein, which information has not been independently confirmed. Each of Saba Capital,
Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein has shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 1,800,000 Class A ordinary shares. The address of each
shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G, is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(7) Shares beneficially owned are based on Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2021, by Cantor
Fitzgerald Securities CFS and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF CO ), with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares each of CFS and CF CO directly owns, which information has not been independently confirmed. Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor ),
indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of each CFS and CF CO. CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM ), is
the managing general partner of Cantor and directly, or indirectly, controls the managing general partners of CFS and CF CO. Mr. Lutnick
is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may
be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS and CF CO. CFS owns 1,540,000 Class A ordinary shares
and CF CO owns 157,143 Class A ordinary shares, and each of CFS and CF CO has shared voting and dispositive power with respect
to their respective Class A ordinary shares. Each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick has shared voting and dispositive power with respect
to 1,697,143 Class A ordinary shares. The address of each shareholder, as reported in the Schedule 13G/A, is 110 East 59th Street, New
York, New York 10022. 

Our initial shareholders beneficially
own approximately 25.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial
business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint
any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial business combination. In addition, because of their ownership block, our
initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including
amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. 

65 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On April 7, 2021, the sponsor
paid 25,000 in consideration for 7,187,500 founder shares. On September 3, 2021, the company effected a share capitalization of an additional
2,395,833 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 9,583,333 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. On September 27, 2021,
the company surrendered 1,916,666 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 7,666,667 Class B ordinary
shares. On December 14, 2021, the company effected a share capitalization of 766,666 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in the initial
shareholders holding an aggregate of 8,433,333 founder shares. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 1,100,000 Class B ordinary
shares subject to forfeiture by the sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full or
in part, so that the sponsor and its permitted transferees would own, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the company s issued and
outstanding shares after our initial public offering. On December 17, 2021, with the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment
option, 1,000,000 Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, leaving 100,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture
(see Note 9). 

The sponsor has agreed that,
subject to certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of (i) one year
after the completion of a business combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of Class
A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination,
or (y) the date on which the company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The founder shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the
holder, on a one-for-one basis. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, the company consummated the sale of 1,140,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit in
a private placement to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 11,400,000. Of those 1,140,000 private placement units, the sponsor
purchased 982,857 units, Cantor purchased 110,000 units and Moelis LP purchase 47,143 units. Each private placement unit consists of on
Class A ordinary share (the private placement shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the private placement
warrants ). The proceeds from the sale of the private placement units were added to the net proceeds from the initial public offering
held in the trust account. If the company does not complete a business combination within the combination period, the proceeds from the
sale of the private placement units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the warrants included in the private placement units will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to the private placement warrants. 

If we do not complete an initial
business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement
units will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, subject to the requirements of applicable law, and the private placement
units will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement units, private placement shares and private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such
private placement warrants and private placement units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will be entitled to
registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on the effective date of our initial public offering. The
holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to consummation of a business combination. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration
statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

66 

Related Party Notes 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of the company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the company funds as may be required working capital loans ).
If the company completes a business combination, the company would repay the working capital loans out of the proceeds held in the trust
account released to the company. Otherwise, the working capital loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account.
In the event that a business combination is not completed, the company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the trust account
to repay the working capital loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the working capital loans. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such working capital loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The working capital loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at
the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit
at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. 

Administrative Support
Agreement 

On December 14, 2021, the
company entered into an agreement to pay the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services.
Upon completion of the business combination or the company s liquidation, the company will cease paying these monthly fees. During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, 120,000 of administrative support expenses were incurred. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fees for professional services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021
and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 include: 

For the 
 Year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
Period from 
 March 23, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 82,400 
 122,570 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total 
 82,400 
 122,570 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our
year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that
are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit
Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial
accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning
and tax advice. 

(4) All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence
services related potential business combination. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors 

The audit committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit
committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent
auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 

67 

Part IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See
 Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference
as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 (1) 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company, Cantor and Moelis. 
 
 1.2 (1) 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company, Cantor and Moelis. 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the company. 
 
 4.1 (1) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of the company s securities. 
 
 10.1 (1) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, among the company, the sponsor and the company s officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 (1) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.3 (1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, among the company, the sponsor and certain other security holders named therein. 
 
 10.4 (1) 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and the sponsor. 
 
 10.5 (1) 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company, Cantor and Moelis LP. 
 
 10.6 (1) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and the sponsor. 
 
 10.7 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Scott Painter. 
 
 10.8 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Georg Bauer. 
 
 10.9 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Kash Sheikh. 
 
 10.10 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Jim Nguyen. 
 
 10.11 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Carla Bailo. 
 
 10.12 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and Sue Callaway. 
 
 10.13 (2) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2021, between the company and James G. Ellis. 
 
 14.01 (2) 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Scott Painter 

Name: 
 Scott Painter 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Scott Painter 

Name: 
 Scott Painter 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/ Kash Sheikh 

Name: 
 Kash Sheikh 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/ Georg Bauer 

Name: 
 Georg Bauer 

Title: 
 President and 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/ Sue Callaway 

Name: 
 Sue Callaway 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/ Carla Bailo 

Name: 
 Carla Bailo 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

/s/ James G. Ellis 

Name: 
 James G. Ellis 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

69 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to
be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from Sponsor 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses - noncurrent 

Investments held in trust account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares, subject to redemption, shares at
redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding, (excluding 25,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (1) , respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(1) 

F- 3 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 23, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating and Formation Costs 

Loss from operations 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

Net Income (Loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

F- 4 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 23, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Class B 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - March 23, 2021 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary share to Sponsor 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering allocated to Public Warrants, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from Private Placement Units, net of offering costs 

Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
amount 

Net loss 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 

Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net Income 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

F- 5 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 23, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Due from Sponsor 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter s discount paid 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash - End of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Offering costs included in accounts payable 

Offering costs allocated to the warrants 

(1) 

F- 6 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s partial
exercise of its over-allotment option, at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each whole warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share for per share, subject to adjustment, which is discussed in Note 7. 

private placement units (the Private Placement
Units at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, to the Company s sponsor, EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC (the
 Sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co. Cantor and Moelis Company Group, LP Moelis LP ),
an affiliate of Moelis Company, LLC Moelis ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The Private
Placement Units are identical to the units sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering except that, no underwriting discounts
or commissions were paid with respect to the sale of the Private Placement Units. 

, comprised of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account ), and will be invested
only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 

, consisting of of cash underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting
fees, and of other offering costs. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

F- 7 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination,
including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax
obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants.
The Class A ordinary shares will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed
Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic
480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

upon consummation of such Business Combination and
a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public
Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

of the Public Shares if the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 18
months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public
Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below). 

of the
outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its obligations
under Cayman law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

F- 8 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

). 

per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and in cash held outside of the Trust Account and working capital deficit of 
and working capital surplus of , respectively. Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, capital in excess of the funds
deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company for general working capital purposes.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F- 9 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

F- 10 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

and , respectively. 

Public Shares sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation,
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within
the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all
Public Shares have been classified outside of permanent equity. 

F- 11 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

as of December 31, 2022. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Issuance costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of a underwriting discount, of deferred offering
costs, and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity and
 of offering costs as a reduction of permanent equity. 

F- 12 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result, diluted per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 13 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s
exercise of its over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public
Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Unit in
a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . Of those Private Placement Units, the Sponsor
purchased Units, Cantor purchased Units and Moelis LP purchase Units. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the warrants included in the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. 

in consideration for Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ). On September 3, 2021, the Company
effected a share capitalization of an additional Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. On September 27, 2021, the Company surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in
an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares. On December 14, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization of Class
B ordinary shares, resulting in the initial shareholders holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Founder Shares included
an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor and its permitted transferees would own, on an as-converted
basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On December 17, 2021, with the partial
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, leaving
 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. On January 14, 2022, the Company forfeited the remaining portion of the over-allotment
option, thus, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited. 

F- 14 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all
of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Founder Shares
will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the
holder, on a one-for-one basis. 

to cover expenses related to the
Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022 or the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of was repaid and the Promissory
Note was terminated at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 17, 2021. 

and were outstanding, respectively. 

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services.
Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. Under
this agreement, and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, respectively, was recorded within operating and formation costs in the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, related to this agreement was owed to the Sponsor, which is included within accrued expense on the
balance sheets. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit
at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. There are no Working Capital Loans outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

F- 15 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Units at an offering
price of per Unit for an aggregate purchase price of . 

per Unit (not including the over-allotment Units), or in the aggregate, upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

(or in the aggregate, of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering). As a result, the underwriters will not
be entitled to such fee unless the Company consummates the initial Business Combination. 

shares of par value preference shares. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

F- 16 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 there were and Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. On December 17,
2021, with the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to
forfeiture, leaving Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. On January 14, 2022, the Company forfeited the remaining 
Class B ordinary shares. 

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders
and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that, prior to the initial Business Combination, holders of
the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of the Company s directors and remove members of the board of directors
for any reason, and holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time.
These provisions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association may only be amended by a special resolution passed
by the holders of a majority of at least of the ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. Unless specified in the
Companies Act, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote
of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the Company s
shareholders (other than the appointment or removal of directors prior to the initial Business Combination), and, prior to the initial
Business Combination, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s Founder Shares is required to approve the appointment
or removal of directors. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; such actions include amending the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of . There
is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than of the Founder
Shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors prior to the Company s initial Business Combination.
The Company s shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. 

days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and will
expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise
its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. 

per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates,
as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination on the
date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and the volume weighted average trading price of the
Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
consummates an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and
the Newly Issued Price. 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including Public Warrants and Private
Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that the warrants described above
are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent
changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

F- 18 

EVE MOBILITY ACQUISITION CORP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account: 

U.S. Treasury Securities Money Market Funds 

F-19 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_evemobility.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, EVe Mobility Acquisition Corp we, our, us or the company had the following three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, (ii) Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share
at an exercise price of 11.50. In addition, this Description of Securities also references the company s Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares or founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is
included to assist in the description of the Class A ordinary shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor 
are to EVe Mobility Sponsor LLC and references to our initial shareholders are to our sponsor and other holders of our
founder shares prior to our initial public offering. 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
 0.0001 par value each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, and 5,000,000 undesignated preference shares,
 0.0001 par value each. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary
shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

Holders
have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers
contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. Additionally, the units will
automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Class A
ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to
be voted on by shareholders and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that, prior to our initial business
combination, holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the
board of directors for any reason, and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of
directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by
a special resolution passed by the holders of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting.
Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders
(other than the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination), and, prior to our initial business combination,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our founder shares is required to approve the appointment or removal of directors. Approval of
certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founder shares voted for the appointment of
directors can appoint all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business
combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an
annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under
the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided
by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we
will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and Marketing
Fee we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with us,
pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and
public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, directors or officers will be
subject to the same obligations. 

Unlike
some blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations
and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote
is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about
the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation
of our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any,
could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their
intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We
intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
initial shareholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect
to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the excess shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
excess shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the excess shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in
their investment if they sell such excess shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the excess shares if we complete the business combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions,
potentially at a loss. 

2 

If
we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted
transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares, private placement
shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered
into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally,
each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not completed our initial business combination within
18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any extension period, we will (1) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or during any extension period. However, if our initial shareholders, directors acquire public shares,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will
be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision
is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units
sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that:
(1) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares
are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have
entered into with us, as described in more detail below; (3) pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors
and officers have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and
public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any extension period,
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity;
and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or during any extension
period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold
if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically
convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder,
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below;
and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders
for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement
entered into with us, to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial
business combination. 

The
Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination,
or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share dividends,
rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein.
In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of
the amounts issued in our initial public offering and related to the closing of our initial business combination, the ratio at which
the Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of
the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance
or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will
equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of all ordinary shares that were issued and outstanding upon the
completion of our initial public offering (not including the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement units) plus all
Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination,
excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial business combination. The
term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable
for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including
but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

Pursuant
to a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions,
the restricted founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our directors and officers and other persons or
entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: 

with
 respect to one half of the restricted founder shares held by each initial shareholder: (A)
 two years after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent
 to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A
 ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
 other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
 commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the
 date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other
 similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
 their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; and 

with
 respect to the other half of the restricted founder shares held by each initial shareholder:
 (A) two years after the completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent
 to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary
 shares equals or exceeds 13.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends,
 rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions)
 for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
 after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
 merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
 our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
 or other property. 

4 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of
 the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the
 voting rights of the shares of each member; 

whether
 voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of
shares by us. Once our register of members was updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members were deemed to have legal
title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands
court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register
of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were
made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as described
below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary
shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon
separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business
combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to
settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our
satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available, including
in connection with a cashless exercise permitted as a result of a notice of redemption described below under Redemption of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares
upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption is available.
In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of
such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In the event that
a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid
the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

5 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement related
to our initial public offering or a new registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 60 th business day following the
closing of the initial business combination, holders of the warrants will have the right, during the period beginning on the 61 st business
day after the closing of the initial business combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the
SEC, and during any other period when the company fails to have maintained an effective registration statement covering the issuance
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 
Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a warrant, not listed on a national
securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the case of a cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price
by surrendering the public warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants, multiplied by the excess
of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the public warrants by (y) the fair market value.
The fair market value as used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A
ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the
warrant agent. 

Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become
exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder;
 and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20
 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to
 the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer
 to as the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
 for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a
 warrant as described under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments ). 

We
will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A
ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise
our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class
A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the fair market value (defined below) over
the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

6 

If
our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number
of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case.
Requiring cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a
warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants
after our initial business combination. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption
call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied
and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to
the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price
(as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described below) as
well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

During
the period beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary
shares into which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company
in our initial business combination. 

No
fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the
holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant
to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be
exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares,
the company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable
upon the exercise of the warrants. 

Redemption
procedures . A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement
that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 
(or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect
to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments . If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A
ordinary shares, or by a subdivision of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization
or share dividend, subdivision or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will
be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all
or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less
than the sponsor fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the product of (1) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares)
and (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the
sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, (1) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for
Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any
consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (2) sponsor
fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading day period ending
on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable
market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

7 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay to all or substantially all of the holders of Class A
ordinary shares a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares
on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as
described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends
and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such
dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends
or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A
ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders
of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business
combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the
amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of
such event. 

If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or
reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each
warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such
issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as
applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination
on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate
our initial business combination (such price, the market value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price, the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the market
value and the newly issued price. 

8 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described
above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of a merger or consolidation of us with
or into another corporation (other than a merger or consolidation in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result
in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or
conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection
with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon
the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of our Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable
and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares, stock or other equity securities or
property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately
prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash
or other assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which
each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders
in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to
and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights
held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented
to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the
maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such
maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) securities representing more than 50 of the aggregate voting power represented by the issued and outstanding equity
securities of the company, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the kind and amount of shares, stock or other equity securities
or property (including cash) to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised
the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares
held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation
of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally,
if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the
form of ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established
over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder
of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise
price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value
(as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable
to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to our initial public offering,
or defective provision, (ii) removing or reducing our ability to redeem the public warrants, or (iii) adding or changing any
provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants in any
material respect, or (iv) making any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of the Board (taking into account
then existing market precedents for initial public offerings of special purpose acquisition companies underwritten by bulge bracket investment
banks) to allow for the warrants to be or continue to be, as applicable, classified as equity in the company s financial statements;
provided that no such amendment pursuant to clause (iv) shall increase the warrant price, shorten the exercise period or will, in the
aggregate, materially affect the legal rights of registered holders of the then-outstanding public warrants under the warrant agreement.
All other modifications or amendments, (a) with respect to the terms of the public warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement
with respect to the public warrants requires the vote or written consent by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants, and (b) with respect to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect
to the private placement warrants requires the vote or written consent by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private
placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable
to the warrants. 

The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder
will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

9 

No
fractional warrants will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued
to the warrant holder. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We
have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents
and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel
fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is
a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies
incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations
between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction
(provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a
special resolution (usually a majority of 66 in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders
of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association.
No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares
of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest
of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is
satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar
of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (1) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (2) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (3) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (4) that no scheme, order,
compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign
company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (1) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and
not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (2) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest
granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained,
released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the
foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied
with; (3) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered
or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (4) that there is no other reason why it would be against the
public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. 

10 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his or her shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that
procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his or her written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent
company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his
or her shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the
merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made
a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give
the constituent company a written notice of his or her intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the
fair value of his or her shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above
or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company,
the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his or her shares
at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agrees to the price within 30 days
following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
shareholder fails to agree to a price within such 30-day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30-day period
expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair
value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements
as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to
determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined
to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings
until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not to be available in certain circumstances,
for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized
interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company
listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law also has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, such schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held
companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In
the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures of which are more rigorous and take longer to
complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved
by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition
represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either
in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the
meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting
shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected
to approve the arrangement if it is satisfied that: 

we
 are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and we
 have complied with the statutory provisions as to majority vote; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a business-person would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision
 of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

11 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of U.S. corporations, providing rights
to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions. When
a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may,
within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection
can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion
or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating
business. 

Shareholders Suits. Maples
and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought
in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed
the availability of such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and
a claim against (for example) our directors or officers usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands
authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and applied by a court in the Cayman
Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly
 authorized by more than the number of votes that have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States
and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts
of the United States. 

We
have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands
are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman
Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United
States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize
and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle
that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been
given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and
conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment
in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which
is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to
be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

12 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the
Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements
for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an
 exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar
 of Companies; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
 exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation
 (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered
 in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public
offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions (other than amendments relating
to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval
of the holders of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting) cannot be amended without
a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved
by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association)
of a company s ordinary shares at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special
resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution
of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and
vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of
all of our shareholders. 

13 

Our
initial shareholders may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that: 

if
 we have not completed our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
 of our initial public offering, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose
 of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days
 thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
 to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
 the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
 up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of
 taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
 the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably
 possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
 and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations
 under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
 applicable law; 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would
 entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote
 as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination; 

although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In
 the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
 directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target
 business we are seeking to acquire that such a business combination is fair to our company
 from a financial point of view (we are not required to obtain an opinion in any other context); 

if
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not
 decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem
 our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will
 file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act; 

as
 long as our securities are listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must be with
 one or more target businesses that have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least
 80 of the value of the trust accounts (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and
 taxes payable on interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive
 agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

if
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
 in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
 if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing
 of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
 rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders
 with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval
 at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
 released to us to pay our taxes (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by
 the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we
 will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company
 or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. 

14 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting at a general
meeting. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval
of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless
of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating
to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our directors or officers, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Anti-Money
Laundering Cayman Islands 

If
any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged
in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that
knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business
or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (1) the Financial Reporting Authority of the
Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct
or money laundering or (2) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to
the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing
and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed
by any enactment or otherwise. 

Data
Protection Cayman Islands 

We
have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on
internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 

Privacy
Notice 

Introduction 

This
privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal
information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). 

Investor
Data 

We
will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could
be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the
extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which
we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate
technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal
data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In
our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act,
while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act
as our data processors for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful
purposes in connection with services provided to us. 

We
may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating
to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact
details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence
records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

15 

Who
this Affects 

If
you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements
such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in
relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy
Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How
the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The
company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) where
 this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(b) where
 this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject
 (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

(c) where
 this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not
 overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should
we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will
contact you. 

Why
We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In
certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the
relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange
this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We
anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain
entities located outside the US, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The
Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any
transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance
with the requirements of the Data Protection Act. 

We
and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures
designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data. 

We
shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms
or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
authorized but unissued ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could
be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols EVE.U, EVE and EVE
WS, respectively. 

16 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_evemobility.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott Painter, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EVe Mobility
Acquisition Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal year (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott Painter 

Scott Painter 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_evemobility.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Kash Sheikh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EVe Mobility
Acquisition Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal year (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kash Sheikh 

Kash Sheikh 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_evemobility.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of EVe Mobility
Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Scott Painter, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Scott Painter 

Scott Painter 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_evemobility.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of EVe Mobility
Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the annual period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Kash Sheikh, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered
by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Kash Sheikh 

Kash Sheikh 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eve-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 eve-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 eve-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 eve-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 eve-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

