<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_908259_0001493152-23-012352.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10823181</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>466996</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1497248</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3897916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2110832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2567822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012352.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414170109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012352
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000908259
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				133679168
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21990
		FILM NUMBER:		23821902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29397 AGOURA RD.
		STREET 2:		#107
		CITY:			AGUORA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-635-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29397 AGOURA RD.
		STREET 2:		#107
		CITY:			AGUORA HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MATEON THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160613

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OXIGENE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012352.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number: 

(Formerly
Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.) 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 Common
stock, par value 0.01 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K, or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (without
admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) computed by reference to the price at which
the common stock was last sold, as of June 30, 2022 was approximately . 

As
of April 12, 2023, the aggregate number of outstanding shares of common stock of the registrant was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 

REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 15 

PATENTS AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 
 20 

COMPETITION 
 
 21 

EMPLOYEES 
 
 22 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 22 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 36 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 36 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 36 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 36 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 37 

ITEM
 6. 
 R ESERVED 
 
 37 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 37 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 48 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 50 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 52 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 52 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 52 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 52 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 54 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 54 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 59 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 67 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 70 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 71 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 73 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We generally identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as may, will, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, 
 would, intend, target, aim, project, believe, estimate, 
 predict, potential, seek, indicate, or continue or the negative
of these terms or other similar words, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding
the future, such as our estimates regarding anticipated operating income or losses, future performance, future revenues and projected
expense, including that to fund our clinical and other development programs; our liquidity and our expectations regarding our needs for
and ability to raise additional capital; our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to select and capitalize on commercially
desirable product opportunities as a result of limited financial resources; our ability to manage our expenses effectively and raise
the funds needed to continue our business; our ability to retain the services of our current or future executive officers, directors
and principal consultants; the competitive nature of our industry and the possibility that our products or product candidates may become
obsolete or may not generate revenues as expected or at all; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing products
and any future products we may develop; the development of and the process of commercializing AI/Blockchain and other technologies for
supporting the development of OT-101 and Artemisinin for COVID-19, OT-101, including development of OT-101, Artemisinin, OXi4503, CA4P
and our 2021 in-licensing of apomorphine; the initiation, timing, progress and results of our preclinical and clinical trials, research
and development programs; regulatory and legislative developments in the United States and foreign countries; the timing, costs and other
limitations involved in obtaining regulatory approval for any product; the further preclinical or clinical development and commercialization
of our product candidates; the entering into any corporate transactions to develop our products through partnerships, joint ventures
or other corporate transactions; our ability to make a proposed initial public offering between us and our joint-venture partners for
the joint venture: building and the success of our nanoparticle platform and the related success of launching the platform, the success
of the launch of Pet2DAO, a corporation with a DAO infrastructure, the success of Pet2DAO and the plans surrounding the pet and animal health,
the ability for the Company to register the tokens of Pet2DAO, the actual filing of a registration statement and approval of the tokens
as registrable securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC through a registration statement, the
ability of the tokens to be tradable or any value such tokens may have if they become tradable; our ability to obtain and maintain orphan
drug exclusivity for some of our product candidates; the potential benefits of our product candidates over other therapies; our ability
to enter into and maintain any collaboration with respect to product candidates; our ability to continue to develop or commercialize
our products or product candidates in the event any license agreements in place with third parties expire or are terminated; the performance
and conduct of third parties, including our third-party manufacturers and third party service providers used in our clinical trials;
our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our products and operate our business without infringing upon
the intellectual property rights of others; the potential liability exposure related to our products and our insurance coverage for such
exposure; our ability to form alliances with other third parties to develop the products in our pipeline through partnerships, joint
ventures, mergers or acquisitions; the successful development of our sales and marketing capabilities; the size and growth of the potential
markets for our products and our ability to serve those markets; the rate and degree of market acceptance of any future products; the
volatility of the price of our common stock; the ability to achieve secondary trading of our stock in certain states; the dilutive effects
of potential future equity issuances; our expectation that no dividends will be declared on our common stock in the foreseeable future;
our ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls; the payment and reimbursement methods used by private or governmental
third-party payers; our ability to retain adequate staffing levels; unfavorable global economic conditions; unfavorable global epidemic
and pandemic conditions; a failure of our internal computer systems or those of our contractors and consultants; potential misconduct
or other improper activities by our employees, contractors or consultants; the ability of our business continuity and disaster recovery
plans to protect us in the event of a natural disaster; and other factors discussed elsewhere in this document or any document incorporated
by reference herein or therein . 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this document are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve several risks, uncertainties (many of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that
may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward- looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. The sections
captioned Risk Factors as well as other sections in this document or incorporated by reference into this document discuss
some of the factors that could contribute to these differences. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this document relate only to events known as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

This
Annual Report also contains market data related to our business and industry. These market data include projections that are based on
a number of assumptions. While we believe these assumptions to be reasonable and sound as of the date of this Annual Report, if these
assumptions turn out to be incorrect, actual results may materially differ from the projections based on these assumptions. As a result,
the markets for our product candidates may not grow at the rates projected by these data, or at all. The failure of these markets to
grow at these projected rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and the
market price of our common stock. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Company
Background 

Oncotelic
Therapeutics, Inc. (f/k/a Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.) Oncotelic ), was formed in the State of New York in 1988
as OXiGENE, Inc., was reincorporated in the State of Delaware in 1992, and changed its name to Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. in 2016,
and Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. in November 2020. Oncotelic conducts business activities through Oncotelic and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Oncotelic, Inc., a Delaware corporation, PointR Data, Inc. PointR ), a Delaware corporation,
Pet2DAO, Inc., a Delaware and EdgePoint AI, Inc. Edgepoint ), a Delaware Corporation for which there are
non-controlling interests, (Oncotelic, Oncotelic Inc., PointR, Pet2DAO and Edgepoint are collectively called the
 Company or We ). The Company is currently developing OT-101 for various cancers and
COVID-19 through its joint venture, GMP Biotechnology Limited GMP Bio ), with Dragon Overseas, Limited Dragon ), Artemisinin for COVID-19 and AI technologies for clinical development and manufacturing. The Company
has acquired apomorphine for Parkinson s Disease, erectile dysfunction and female sexual dysfunction. In addition, the Company
is evaluating the further development of its product candidates OXi4503 as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia and
myelodysplastic syndromes and CA4P in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment of advanced metastatic melanoma. The
Company is also planning to address the animal health industry through Pet2DAO. Our principal corporate office is in the United
States at 29397 Agoura Road, Suite 107, Agoura Hills, CA 91301 (telephone: 650-635-7000). Our internet address is
www.oncotelic.com. 

Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation 

In
March 2021, the Company received approval from the Financial Industry regulatory Authority FINRA on its notice
of corporate action to change the name of the Company from Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. to Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc, and the Company s
ticker symbol has changed from MATN to OTLC . 

In
January 2021, the Company filed an additional amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter Amendment ),
with the Secretary of State for the State of Delaware, which Charter Amendment went effective immediately upon acceptance by the Secretary
of State for the State of Delaware. The Charter Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 150,000,000
shares to 750,000,000 shares. 

In
addition, the Company registered an additional total of 20,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, which may be issued pursuant to the Company s
Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). As such, the total number of shares of the Company s
Common Stock available for issuance under the 2015 plan is 27,250,000. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing drugs for the treatment of orphan oncology indications, developing antisense
and small molecule injectable drugs for the treatment of cancer. After the acquisition of Mateon Therapeutics, Inc through a reverse
merger in 2019, we realigned the company pipeline to focus on rare pediatric cancers. The United States Food and Drug Administration FDA has granted us Rare Pediatric Designations RPD for pediatric Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine
Glioma DIPG for OT-101, pediatric melanoma for CAP4 and acute myeloid leukemia AML for
Oxi4503. This strategy aims to capitalize on a voucher program in the United States US ). By focusing on RPD we
anticipate: 1) reducing the cost of clinical development by way of a smaller and faster clinical trial, 2) acceleration of the approval
process and final approval, 3) obtaining regulatory/ marketing exclusivity for up to 12 years as a biologic, and 4) obtaining vouchers
worth a significantly large value on regulatory approval, which can be upwards of several million dollars. Approval in the US would allow
for approval in the rest of the world ROW using the US dossier. Phase 3 clinical trials for approval in adult
indications will be conducted following the positive interim read of the pediatric trials. This approach maximizes return on investment
for the shareholders. 

Concurrently
we also explore opportunities to create value for shareholders by forming strategic alliances and/or licensing our product portfolio.
The Company entered into a joint venture JV with Dragon and GMP Bio, affiliates of GMP in March 2022. GMP Bio
and the Company are also looking to take the JV into an initial public offering IPO of the JV and which is anticipated
to be a liquidity event for Company, especially if the IPO is successful. While we believe that the IPO can be completed and would be
successful, we cannot provide assurance for either of the events to occur; or if they occur, then they would be successful. 

As
a result of the reverse merger of Oncotelic and Oncotelic Inc. in April 2019 and the acquisition of PointR in November 2019,
respectively, we believe we are well positioned as a biotech company with: (1) Oncotelic Inc. s antisense platform with our
drug candidate OT-101 through our JV- targeting high value TGF- 2 target for various cancers and COVID-19, (2) PointR
artificial intelligence AI for clinical trials, research and development, (3) Edgepoint for developing
technologies for manufacturing and for developing technologies for supporting our COVID-19 programs, (4) Artemisinin for COVID-19,
(5) the Company s vascular disruptor proven safe in more than 500 patients capable of causing massive antigen release which
would stimulate immune response against the cancerous tumor and (6) apomorphine, which we in-licensed in 2021, for developing
against Parkinson s Disease PD ), erectile disfunction ED and female sexual
disfunction FSD ). Since the JV is formed with GMP Bio, we will now plan to accelerate the development of
apomorphine as our flagship drug candidate. 

1 

We
will also be developing OT-101, also through our JV, an antisense against TGF- 2 for the treatment of various viruses, including
the severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS and the current coronavirus COVID-19 ), on its
own and in conjunction with other compounds. Viral replication cannot occur without TGF- and TGF- surge and a cytokine storm
cannot occur without TGF- . A Phase 2 trial was completed for OT-101 in South America. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 study intended to evaluate the safety and efficacy of OT-101 in adult patients hospitalized with positive COVID-19 and pneumonia. 

Based
on the final results of the trial, the trial can expand into a Phase 3 trial if there is a need, as an example in the event of a
resurgence in COVID-19 cases. In the meantime, we are conducting an observational study, looking at OT-101 and long COVID-19, in conjunction with
BARDA. 

In
addition, during 2020 and 2021, the Company was developing Artemisinin as a potential therapy for the virus causing COVID-19 SARS-CoV-2 ).
Artemisinin, purified from the plant Artemisia annua . It can inhibit TGF- activity and is able to neutralize COVID-19. The
Company initially conducted a study and the test results during an in vitro study at Utah State University showed Artemisinin having
an EC50 of 0.45 ug/ml, and a Safety Index of 140. Artemisinin can target multiple viral threats, including COVID-19, by suppressing both
viral replication and clinical symptoms that arise from viral infection. Viral replication cannot occur without TGF- . In a clinical
study undertaken in India called ARTI-19, clinical consequences related to the TGF- surge, including ARDS and cytokine storm, were
suppressed by targeting TGF- with Artemisinin. The ARTI-19 trials were conducted in India by Windlas Biotech Limited Windlas ),
the Company s business partner in India. Windlas had applied for regulatory approval for it s Artemisinin based product,
ArtiShield TM , but has not been able to obtain regulatory approval for use of ArtiShield TM as a COVID-19 therapy
and as such, no significant revenues have been reported by Windlas nor have we accrued any royalties on Artemisinin due from Windlas.
We intend to focus future development on Artemisinin against other respiratory viruses with unmet needs but do not know how successful
we will be with those efforts as the incidence of COVID-19 has reduced substantially over the past couple years. 

In
September 2021, Oncotelic entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the Agreement with Autotelic, Inc. Autotelic ),
pursuant to which Autotelic granted Oncotelic, among other things: (i) the exclusive right and license to certain Autotelic Patents (as
defined in the Agreement) and Autotelic Know-How (as defined in the Agreement); and (ii) a right of first refusal to acquire at least
a majority of the outstanding capital stock of Autotelic prior to Autotelic entering into any transaction that is a financing collaboration,
distribution revenues, earn-outs, sales, out-licensing, purchases, debt, royalties, merger acquisition, change of control, transfer of
cash or non-cash assets, disposition of capital stock by way of tender or exchange offer, partnership or any other joint or collaborative
venture, research collaboration, material transfer, sponsored research or similar transaction or agreements. In exchange for the rights
granted to Oncotelic, Autotelic will be entitled to earn the milestone payments. This transaction brings in AL-101 - an intranasal apomorphine
asset with clear 505(b)2 pathway to approval for PD as well unique mechanism of action for treatment of ED and FSD. 

We
currently have eight primary drug and AI technology programs we are seeking to advance: 

Intranasal
 drug and delivery system for intra-nasal Apomorphine for the treatment of PD, ED and FSD. 

OT-101
 - an antisense against TGF- 2 for the treatment of solid tumors with focus on brain cancer in adults and DIPG in children.
 A RPD for pediatric DIPG has been granted by the US FDA. This is being advanced through our JV. 

OT-101
 - an antisense against TGF- 2 for the treatment of various viruses, including SARS and the current COVID-19, on its
 own and in conjunction with other compounds. This is being advanced through our JV. 

Artemisinin
 a natural derivative from an Asian herb Artemisia Annua - Artemisinin has shown to be highly potent at inhibiting the ability
 of the COVID-19 causing virus to multiply while also having an excellent safety index as well as against hepatitis B and C viruses,
 human herpes viruses, HIV-1, influenza virus A, and bovine viral diarrhea virus in the low micromolar range. 

CA4P-
 a vascular disrupting agent VDA - in combination with Ipilimumab for the treatment of solid tumors with focus on
 melanoma in adult and pediatric melanoma. A RPD has been granted to the Company by the FDA for pediatric melanoma. 

Oxi4503-
 a second generation VDA - for the treatment of liquid tumors with focus on childhood leukemia. A RPD has been granted to the Company
 by the FDA for AML. 

2 

Backoffice
 support using PointR fabric cluster computing grids for blockchain/AI for pharmaceutical manufacturing and clinical trials and monitoring;
 and PointR AI for drug development through various stages of development. 

Developing
 AI based technologies to enhance the development and commercialization of our Artemisinin
 based products and support technologies. Further, as part of the JV Agreement, the JV has
 acquired a non-exclusive license for the AI platform developed by PointR/EdgePoint for implementation
 in a planned CDMO. 

In
addition, in November 2022, the Company formed a Decentralized autonomous organization DAO entity, Pet2DAO, Inc. Pet2DAO ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary. A DAO is an emerging form of legal structure, that has no central governing body, and whose members share
a common goal to act in the best interest of the entity. Pet2DAO is a DAO technology company, integrating the strong governance of traditional
corporations with the innovative DAO architecture. The Company will look to engage stakeholders, to build value through the DAO, while
maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations, including governance, compliance, and accountability through a team of veterans in
public companies with innovators in AI, blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO will initially be looking to develop products for the animal health
space. The Company will initially issue regular tokens and non-fungible tokens NFT and cumulatively Tokens of Pet2DAO, called PDAO, to its employees, shareholders and key opinion leaders KOLs and use the Tokens to propose
and vote on various animal health related programs. In the future, the Company will evaluate and plan to register these tokens with the
SEC to make such Tokens freely tradable at a future point in time. 

AL-101:
PD/ ED/FSD 

Oncotelic
acquired AL-101 for the intranasal delivery of apomorphine for the treatment of PD. Over 60,000 new patients being diagnosed with PD
in the United States and currently there are over 1 million patients in the US and expected to increase to over 1.2 million by 2030.
In addition, approximately 10 million suffer from this disease globally. https://www.parkinson.org/Understanding-Parkinsons/Statistics.
AL-101 is also being developed for ED. ED is the most prevalent male sexual disorder globally. The percentages of men affected by ED
are as follows: 14.3-70 of men aged 60 years, 6.7-48 of men aged 70 years, and 38 of men aged 80 years (Geerkens MJM et al. (2019).
Eur Urol Focus. pii: S2405-4569(19)30079-3). However, with the increasing administration of PDE5 inhibitors in clinical practice, it
was found that approximately 30-35 of ED patients are treatment failures (McMahon CN et al. (2006). BMJ, 332: 589-92). AL-101 is designed
to target treatment failure ED patients who do not respond to PDE5 inhibitors. Through similar mechanism of action, AL-101 is being developed
for FSD. FSD is a prevalent problem, afflicting approximately 40 of women and there are few treatment options. FSD is more typical as
women age and is a progressive and widespread condition. (Allahdadi, KJ et al. (2009) Cardiovascular hematological agents in medicinal
chemistry, 7(4), 260-269). There is no available drug for the treatment of FSD. In June 2019, the FDA approved Vyleesi (bremelanotide)
to treat acquired, generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD in premenopausal women. This is the only
available drug treatment. Vyleesi has essentially replaced the only other drug for HSDD, however, it has a long list of drug-drug interactions,
including commonly used antidepressants, such as fluoxetine and sertraline. In addition, it has a black box warning regarding its use
with alcohol, a combination that has been associated with hypotension and syncopal episodes. Therefore, there is an urgent need for effective
therapy against FSD and HSDD. 

OT-101:
An Antisense Against TGF- 2 

The pharmaceutical development
of OT-101 is being advanced through our recently formed JV. We are reporting it here for informational purposes only. 

Trabedersen
(AP12009, OT-101) is a novel antisense oligodeoxynucleotide ODN developed by Oncotelic Inc. for the treatment
of patients with pancreatic carcinoma, malignant melanoma, colorectal carcinoma, high-grade glioma HGG ), and other
transforming growth factor beta 2 TGF- 2 overexpressing malignancies (e.g., prostate carcinoma, renal cell
carcinoma, etc.). Trabedersen is a synthetic 18-mer phosphorothioate oligodeoxynucleotide S-ODN complementary
to the messenger ribonucleic acid mRNA of the human TGF- 2 gene. 

3 

TGF- 
is a multifunctional cytokine with a key role in promoting tumor growth and progression including cell proliferation, cell migration,
and angiogenesis. Above all, TGF- is a highly potent immunosuppressive molecule. Inhibition of TGF- overexpression in tumor
tissue represents a novel multimodal treatment principle leading to the reduction of tumor growth, inhibition of metastasis, and restoration
of host antitumor immune responses. Despite its recognized pivotal role in cancer, therapeutics targeting TGF- have not been successful
and many have failed due to toxicity issues possibly due to inhibition of TGF- 1 essential functions. The high level of homology
between the various TGF- isoforms is making it impossible to create mAb or small molecule inhibitor without TGF- 1 cross-inhibition.
Therefore, Oncotelic Inc. chose to target TGF- 2 only using OT-101 antisense approach. The sequence of OT-101 can only target TGF- 2
and does not have any impact on other TGF- isotypes. However, suppression of TGF- 2 directly by OT-101 would also result in
suppression of TGF- 2 indirectly, but not TGF- 3. 

Trabedersen
is believed to reverse TGF- s immunosuppressive effects, rendering the tumor visible to a patient s immune system and
resulting in priming and specific activation of the patient s anti-tumor immune response. OT-101 has completed multiple clinical
trials with promising outcomes. OT-101, is being developed as a broad-spectrum anti-cancer drug that can also be used in combination
with other standard cancer therapies to establish an effective multi-modality treatment strategy for difficult-to-treat cancers. Oncotelic
plans to initiate phase 3 clinical trials for OT-101 in both high-grade glioma and pancreatic cancer. During phase 2 clinical trials
in pancreatic cancer, melanoma, and colorectal cancers (Study P001) and in high-grade gliomas (Study G004), meaningful single agent activity
with meaningful tumor reduction was observed, and OT-101 exhibited a favorable safety profile. Both partial and complete responses have
been observed in the G004 Phase 2 clinical trial of OT-101 as a single agent in patients with aggressive brain tumors. 

Oncotelic
Inc. s self-immunization protocol (SIP is based on the novel and proprietary sequential treatment of cancers with OT-101
(antisense against TGF- 2) and chemotherapies. Proper Sequencing of treatments is key to optimal immunotherapy. Leveraging from
its in-depth knowledge of TGF- immunotherapy, Oncotelic Inc. ordered the various treatments in the following sequence: (1) expand
immune reserve through IL-2 treatment or infusion of immune cells; (2) prime immune response with TGF- inhibitor OT-101; (3) boost
immune response with chemotherapy; and (4) revitalize the exhausted of immune response with checkpoint inhibitors. This sequential treatment
strategy is aimed at achieving effective self-immunization against a patients own cancer, resulting in robust therapeutic immune
response and consequently better control of the cancer and improved survival. Prolonged states of being cancer-free have been observed
in some patients with the most aggressive forms of cancer, raising a renewed hope for a potential cure. The use of OT-101 lifts the suppression
of the patient s immune cells around the cancer tissue, providing the foundation for an effective initial priming, which is critical
for a successful immune response. The subsequent chemotherapy results in the release of neoantigens that result in a robust boost of
the immune response. This process is termed Xenogenization process and can be: (1) hypermutation by temozolomide in the treatment of
brain cancer, (2) immunogenic cell death by taxanes and 5FU in pancreatic cancer, or (3) necrotic cell death by VDA (vascular disrupting
agent) in melanoma and MDS. Additionally, the Company believes that a rational combination of the Oncotelic Inc. SIP platform with immune-modulatory
drugs like interleukin 2 (IL-2) and/or immune checkpoint inhibitors has the potential to help achieve sustained and robust immune responses
in patients with the most difficult-to-treat forms of cancer. The combinations with IL-2 and NK are already partnered with external corporate
partners. The Company entered into a JV with Dragon Overseas Capital Limited Dragon Overseas and GMP Biotechnology Limited GMP Bio ), affiliates of GMP on March 31, 2022. GMP Bio and the Company will focus to further expand the development of
OT-101 for various oncology indications like pancreatic cancer, melanomas, gliomas etc. as also for viral infections like COVID-19. This
path is being evaluated as a monotherapy, as well as combination therapies in conjunction with other drugs like checkpoint inhibitors. 

Pancreatic
Cancer 

Pancreatic
cancer is associated with the poorest prognosis of gastrointestinal cancers and is expected to become the second leading cause of cancer-related
mortality in the USA by 2030. Pancreatic cancer is traditionally considered to be an immune-resistant disease. There is a lack of effector
T cells, an abundance of myeloid-derived suppressor T cells, and a dearth of key immune effector and regulatory cells. This may be part
of the reason why single-agent checkpoint inhibitors are not as effective in comparison to other diseases. Here is where breaking immune
tolerance by inhibiting TGF- with OT-101 will have a significant impact. 

4 

The
P001 trial was an open-label, multicenter dose-escalation study to evaluate the safety and tolerability of OT-101 (TGF- 2-specific
Phosphorothioate Antisense Oligodeoxynucleotide) in adult patients with advanced tumors known to overproduce TGF- 2, which are
not or no longer amenable to established therapies. The primary objective of the study was to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD)
and the dose-limiting toxicities (DLTs) of two cycles of trabedersen administered intravenously (i.v.) on a 7-days-on/7-days-off or 4-days-on/10-days-off
schedule. Secondary objectives included were: (1) determining the safety and tolerability of OT-101 administered intravenously at weekly
intervals for four days every other week; (2) assessing the plasma pharmacokinetic profile of OT-101 administered intravenously at weekly
intervals and for four days every other week; (3) establishing a suitable determination method and to assess the urine pharmacokinetic
profile of OT-101 administered intravenously for four days every other week; (4) determining the effect of OT-101 administered intravenously
at weekly intervals and for four days every other week on TGF- 2 plasma concentration levels; and (5) Assessing the potential antitumor
activity of OT-101 administered intravenously at weekly intervals and for four days every other week, as assessed by the effect on tumor
size and tumor markers. 

Of
the 61 patients treated, 37 had advanced treatment failure pancreas cancer, a very difficult-to-treat cancer with an overall survival
rate that is measured in months even with the best available chemotherapy regimens. Globally, over 400,000 people die of pancreatic cancer
each year. MTD was not reached for the 4-days-on/10-days-off schedule, which became the schedule adopted for the phase 2 expansion phase
of the trial. Disease control (complete response (CR)), partial response (PR) or stable disease (SD)) was achieved in 19 of 35 evaluable
pancreas cancer patients (54 ). Among liver mets only patients, there are exceptional single-agent activity and survival. Patient 1006
was pushed to complete response (CR) and survived as far out as 77 mos. This patient failed multiple lines of therapies: (1) surgery:
Whipple s procedure, (2) 1st line: 5-FU/LV, Dose 425 mg/m2, (3) 2nd line: 5-FU/LV, Dose 2600 mg/m2/24hr, (4) 3rd line: Gemcitabine,
Dose 1000 mg/m2/week, and (5) went on to OT-101with liver mets and complete response. Patient 1022 was pushed to stable disease SD with overall survival of 40 months. This patient had also failed multiple lines of therapies: (1) surgery: Whipple s procedure,
(2) 1st line: radiation therapy (50 Gy), (3) 2nd line: 5FU, and (4) went on to OT-101 with liver mets and SD. 

OT-101
treatment more than doubled the ratio of patients being able to go onto subsequent chemotherapy versus not being able, and consistent
with the expected immunization boost coming from Xenogenization with subsequent chemotherapies (taxanes and 5FU/Cisplatin) as discussed
for SIP, those with subsequent chemotherapy exhibited increased mOS and more than doubled their 1-year survival. Patients treated with
the non-SIP agent did not exhibit these properties. 

Gliomas 

Brain
tumors in the United States are rare and only accounted for 2 of all adult cancers. However, the rate of brain tumors has been on the rise for
the last 30 years. The more common and most malignant form of brain tumors glioblastoma GBM has more than
doubled from 2.4 to 5.0 per 100,000. In the face of this increase, treatment remained essentially unchanged during the last decade. And
despite aggressive surgery followed by radiation and/or chemotherapy, GBM has the worst five year survival rates among all human
cancers, with an average survival from diagnosis of only about 1 year and less than 5 of the patient survived after 5 years. On top
of it all, GBM will recur or regrow in most patients. Treatment of recurring a high-grade GBM that has recurred does not always improve
survival compared with hospice care alone and deciding when to stop treating the cancer and entering into hospice care is frequently
recommended when the patient is unlikely to live longer than six months. 

GBM
resilience and persistence is in stark contrast with the recent excitement in oncology where Immuno Oncology IO agents have shown promise to be curative by driving the immune cells to attack the tumors. Though extraordinarily effective against the
growing number of tumors, IOs have been ineffective against GBM. GBM is generally considered immunologically cold with
few immune effector cells needed for successful immunotherapy. The overexpression of transforming growth factor-beta 2 TGF- 2 is associated with poor prognosis of tumors and plays a key role in malignant progression of various tumors including GBM by inducing
proliferation, metastasis, angiogenesis, and immunosuppression. Oncotelic Inc. is developing a novel TGF- 2 antisense agent OT-101
as immunotherapy against GBM. 

G004
is a multinational, multicenter, open-label, randomized, active-controlled, parallel-group study in adult patients with either recurrent
or refractory AA (WHO grade III) or recurrent or refractory GBM (WHO grade IV). There were 3 treatment groups: (1) 10 M Trabedersen,
(2) 80 M Trabedersen, and (3) standard chemotherapy (mostly temozolomide). Tumor control rate at 6 months was the primary endpoint.
Response assessment included the tumor control rate and the overall response rate, which were assessed at 6, 12, and 14 months by central
MRI reading. The tumor control rate was defined as the percentage of patients with either CR, PR, or SD and the overall response rate
was defined as percentage of patients with either CR or PR. An independent blinded central MRI reading was performed to obtain a standardized
response assessment for the efficacy analysis. Central reading was performed by 2 independent neuroradiologists with an additional adjudicator
deciding in case of conflicting opinions. 

5 

All
patients had previous tumor surgery, almost all patients had previous radiation therapy, and more than half of the patients had received
previous chemotherapy. A total of 134 patients, 89 patients in the OT-101 test group and 45 patients in the standard chemotherapy control
group were assessed. The findings of a randomized Phase II study further confirmed the feasibility of intratumoral application of OT-101
via convection enhanced delivery (CED) for up to 6 months and showed that it results in early disease control at 6 months at a rate comparable
to that achieved with temozolomide. OT-101 was administered to 89 R/R high-grade glioma (HGG) (Anaplastic Astrocytoma/AA:27; Glioblastoma
multiforme/GBM: 62) patients with an intratumoral catheter using a convection enhanced delivery (CED) system. 77 patients (Efficacy population;
GBM: 51; AA: 26) received at least the intended minimum number of 4 OT-101 treatment cycles. Response determinations were based on central
review of MRI scans according to McDonald criteria. Standard statistical methods were applied for the analysis of data. Nineteen patients
had a complete response (CR) or partial response (PR) following a slow but robust size reduction of their target lesions. In addition,
7 patients had stable disease (SD) lasting 6 months. For the combined group of 26 AA/GBM patients with favorable responses, the median
PFS was >3 years and OS was >3.5 years (16, 17). Hence, OT-101 administered intratumorally exhibits clinically meaningful single-agent
activity and induces durable CR/PR/SD in R/R HGG patients. These results provided the proof of concept that targeting TGF 2 with
intratumoral OT-101 therapy can result in a favorable survival outcome for R/R HGG patients (AA, WHO grade 3 and GBM, WHO Grade 4). 

OT-101:
Pediatric DIPG 

DIPG,
the second most common malignant pediatric brain tumor, has a dismal outcome with available standard treatment modalities. No significant
therapeutic advances have been accomplished in the treatment of this poor prognosis brain tumor and the average overall survival has
remained NK cells. Amplified activity of the TGF -Smad signaling
pathway enhances tumor growth, invasion, as well as angiogenesis and has been implicated in the malignant phenotype and poor prognosis
of high-grade gliomas in adults. Therefore, TGF- has emerged as an attractive target for the therapeutic intervention of high-grade
gliomas. 

We
recently performed a meta-analysis of TGF 2 gene expression in primary tumor specimens from 29 pediatric DIPG patients in the publicly
available archived datasets. Our data provided unprecedented evidence that TGF 2 is expressed at high levels in pediatric DIPG.
Three TGF 2 probe sets exhibited 1.8-2.5-fold increased levels of expression in DIPG patients. Our meta-analysis provided new evidence
that TGF 2 gene and its interactome are expressed in pediatric DIPG at significantly higher levels than in normal tissues or low-grade
gliomas. Hence, TGF 2 is an attractive molecular target for immunotherapy of pediatric DIPG. 

The
US FDA has granted the Company a RPD for pediatric DIPG. 

OT-101
for Treatments of Corona Viruses 

When
COVID-19 emerged in China, the Company and GMP contemplated a collaboration to develop drug candidates for COVID-19. Oncotelic Inc. and
GMP entered into a research and services agreement (the GMP Agreement in February 2020 memorializing their collaborative
efforts to develop and test COVID-19 antisense therapeutics. In March 2020, Oncotelic reported the anti-viral activity of OT-101 
its lead drug candidate currently in phase 3 testing in pancreatic cancer and glioblastoma. In an in vitro antiviral testing performed
by an independent laboratory, OT-101 showed that it was highly active against COVID-19. Further, in March 2020, the Company, Oncotelic
Inc. and GMP entered into a supplement to the Agreement (the Supplement to confirm the inclusion of OT-101 within
the scope of the GMP Agreement, pending positive confirmatory testing against COVID-19. In consideration for the financial support provided
by GMP for the research, pursuant to the terms of the GMP Agreement (as amended by the Supplement), GMP is entitled to obtain certain
exclusive rights to the use of the Product in the field of the treatment of COVID-19 on a global basis, and an economic interest in the
use of the Product in the field of the treatment of COVID-19 including 50/50 profit sharing. In March 2020, the Company reported the
anti-viral activity of OT-101, in an in vitro antiviral testing performed by an independent laboratory, OT-101 has an 50 effective concentration
(EC50) of 7.6 g/mL and is not toxic at the highest dose of 1000 g/mL giving a safety index (SI) value of >130, which
is considered highly active and on par or superior to Remdesivir- a Gilead s drug. Unlike Remdesivir- OT-101 targets not only the
virus replication but also the virus induced pneumonia and fibrosis. 

6 

A
Phase 2 C001 Covid Study: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Multi-Center Study of OT-101 in Hospitalized
COVID-19 Subjects was completed for OT-101 in South America, that can expand into a Phase 3 trial in the event there is a
resurgence in COVID-19. We are currently conducting an observational study, for OT-101 and long COVID-19, in conjunction with BARDA.
This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2 study intended to evaluate the safety and efficacy of OT-101 in
adult patients hospitalized with positive COVID-19 and pneumonia. By suppressing TGF- , OT-101 suppresses COVID-19 replication
directly and has the potential to also suppress viral induced pneumonia and fibrosis. In October 2021, Data lock and Study Data
and Analysis Data Models (SDTMs ADaMS Databases) were generated for the trial. The trial compares OT-101 in combination with
Standard of Care SOC versus Placebo plus SOC (N= 32 pts at 2:1 randomization ratio). SOC includes
dexamethasone, the only drug known to improve outcomes in severe cases of COVID-19. The top line data was: 

1) 
 Safety
 endpoints met. OT-101 as a TGF- inhibitor was safe to administer to COVID-19 patients including severe/critical COVID-19 patients. 

2) 
 Efficacy
 signals were obtained. End of treatment (Day 7) mortality for the entire study population was 4.5 OT-101 versus 20 for placebo. 

3) 
 Incidence
 of >96 viral load knockdown on End of Treatment (Day 7) was 89 for OT-101 versus 67 for placebo. 

4) 
 Overall
 survival improved 3X for critical COVID-19 pts (4 days for placebo versus 14 days for OT-101, p 

 Artemisinin
for Treatment of COVID-19 

Artemisinin
derived from Chinese herb Artemisia annua L. (Sweet wormwood) has been used medicinally to treat fevers for centuries in China. Like
other potential COVID-19 therapeutic agents such as Hydrochloroquine and Remesidivir, the efficacy of Artemisinin remains to be tested
in well controlled and sufficiently powered clinical trials. 

We
discovered that Artemisinin was highly potent at inhibiting the ability of SARS-CoV-2 to multiply while also having an excellent safety
index. The Company s test results during an in vitro study at Utah State University showed Artemisinin having an EC50 of
0.45 ug/ml, and a Safety Index of 140. Artemisinin has the potential to target multiple viral threats, including COVID-19, by suppressing
both viral replication and clinical symptoms that arise from viral infection. Viral replication cannot occur without TGF- . Artemisinin
also has been reported to have antiviral activities against hepatitis B and C viruses, human herpes viruses, HIV-1, influenza virus A,
and bovine viral diarrhea virus in the low micromolar range. TGF- surge and cytokine storm cannot occur without TGF- . Clinical
consequences related to the TGF- surge, including ARDS and cytokine storm, are suppressed by targeting TGF- with Artemisinin. 

The
availability of Artemisinin as a pre-existing dietary supplement may allow it to be deployed in many countries, including developing
countries where the healthcare system can easily be overwhelmed. Its safety was clearly superior to chloroquine and remesidivir. The
Company s ARTI-19 trial in India was conducted by Windlas, the Company s business partner in India, as part of the Company s
effort at deploying ArtiShield TM across India, and a variation of that in Asia, Africa, and Latin America. No adverse events
were reported that required discontinuation of treatment. When ARTIVeda / PulmoHeal was added to
the SOC, more patients recovered faster than SOC alone.31 of 39 (79.5 of patients taking became asymptomatic after 5-day of therapy.
In comparison, only 12 of 21 control patients (57.1 treated with SOC alone became asymptomatic on day 5. For the sicklier patients
(WHO scale 4), the median time to becoming asymptomatic was only 5 days for the ARTIVeda / PulmoHeal +
SOC group, as compared to 14 days for the SOC alone group. These data sets provided clinical support that targeting the TGF- pathway
with ARTIVeda / PulmoHeal may contribute to a faster recovery of patients with mild to moderate COVID-19
patients. The Company has published the results of the trial in certain renowned publications. The Company is intending to continue developing
Artemisinin as a pharmaceutical for tropical viral diseases. Windlas had applied for regulatory approval for its Artemisinin based
product, ArtiShield TM , but has not been able to obtain regulatory approval for use of ArtiShield TM as a COVID-19
therapy and as such, no significant revenues have been reported by Windlas nor have we accrued any royalties on Artemisinin due from
Windlas. 

7 

CA4P
as an Immuno-Oncology Agent 

Radiation
therapy, recognized for its potent cytotoxic effect on cancer cells by inducing direct DNA damage, can sometimes elicit a systemic antitumoral
response. Irradiation releases a plethora of neoantigens and pro-inflammatory cytokines, acting like an in-situ vaccine, resulting in
tumor regression within the primary site, but may also occasionally result in regression of distant secondary lesions. This regression
of distant cancer metastases when the primary tumor is irradiated is defined as the abscopal effect. Yet, an abscopal effect with radiotherapy
alone occurs infrequently, signifying that the antitumor immunity caused by radiation is not sufficient to abolish the tumor and
its metastases nor able to prevent the metastatic process or the immunosuppressing effect the cancer exhibits on the host s systemic
macroenvironment. Recently, several studies have confirmed the synergistic antitumoral immunity caused by the combination of radiation
with immunotherapy, which has demonstrated a durable abscopal effect in patients with advanced malignancies. Postow, et al, Golden, et
al, Hinicker, et al and others have all described early findings of a reproducible abscopal effect when combining irradiation with Ipilimumab
and/or Nivolumab. 

Similarly,
CA4P causes rapid and widespread tumor cell necrosis. A number of laboratories have shown that the type of tumor cell death induced by
ischemic necrosis not only controls the presence or absence of specific tumor antigens, but also can result in immunological responses
ranging from immunosuppression to anti-tumor immunity. The terms immunogenicity of cell death or immunogenic cell
death (ICD) is often used by scientists to describe the ability of dead/dying cells (especially of tumor cells) to mount antigen-specific
and particularly CD8 + T-cell-mediated adaptive immune responses and not simply lead to innate inflammation. CD8 + T-cells play a significant
role in tumor protection and development of this type of immunity. A modernized concept has emerged which defines immunogenic cell death
in general because of mutual or consequent processes including endoplasmic reticulum stress release of find-me signals
(e.g., ATP), exposure of eat-me signals (e.g., calreticulin, phosphatidylserine) and damage-associated molecular patterns
(DAMPs [HMGB1, F-actin]). These molecular changes might occur in the cells undergoing necrotic death. These and other signals appear
to be relevant to the potential for CA4P to increase immunogenicity following induction of ischemic necrosis. 

Preclinical
studies in which CA4P was combined with an anti-CTLA4 antibody using an EMT-6 mammary tumor model showed that 7 out of 8 mice receiving
a combination of CA4P and an anti-CTLA4 antibody experienced complete remission of their tumors, compared to only 1 of 8 in the CA4P
monotherapy arm and 2 of 8 in the anti-CTLA4 antibody monotherapy. 

Three
of four follow-up preclinical studies confirmed that CA4P combined with immuno-oncology agents could delay tumor growth. Follow-up studies
were conducted in a CT26-32 colon cancer model, a larger tumor EMT-6 mammary cancer model, and a C3H mammary cancer model. Studies in
a CT-26-32 colon cancer animal model using CA4P combined with anti-CTLA4 antibodies demonstrated a 77 reduction in tumor size compared
to immuno-oncology agents alone, and an 89 reduction in tumor size compared to control. This large tumor model also showed a survival
benefit for the animals receiving combination therapy, with all animals in the combination therapy group surviving to the end of the
study, compared to no animals surviving on the control and only half of the animals surviving that received immuno-oncology agents alone. 

Additional
analyses of changes induced within tumors following combination therapy have shown that CA4P increases the immunogenic effect of checkpoint
inhibitors when used alone as monotherapy. Tumor-fighting white blood cell counts, T-cells and cytotoxic T-cells compared to immuno-oncology
agents alone. Tumor necrosis with the combination of CA4P and immuno-oncology agents is nearly double the necrosis with only immuno-oncology
agents (63.9 compared to 32.8 , control = 25.8 ). 

The
overall data from all these studies provides evidence that CA4P may enhance the activity of immuno-oncology agents for the treatment
of cancer, including anti-CTLA4 antibodies. Furthermore, CA4P has clinical activity in melanoma in early clinical testing and repeated
demonstration of CA4P mediated necrotic tumor cell death across 17 completed clinical trials and >500 patients. During various phase
1 studies, we found that CA4P treatment resulted in significant disease control among patients with solid tumors who progressed on standard
therapies. CA4P treatment resulted in 2 Stable Disease (SD) of 5 melanoma patients treated. The combination of CA4P with carboplatin
and paclitaxel was well tolerated in the majority of patients with adequate premedication and had antitumor activity in patients who
were heavily pretreated. Patients with advanced cancer refractory to standard therapy were treated with CA4P as a 10-min infusion, 20
h before carboplatin, paclitaxel, or paclitaxel, followed by carboplatin. Responses were seen in 10 of 46 (22 patients with ovarian,
esophageal, small-cell lung cancer, and melanoma. One Partial Response (PR) was observed of 6 melanoma patients treated follow progressing
during first-line trial therapy with dacarbazine and sorafenib. In melanoma animal model- B16-F10 murine melanoma experimental tumors-
seventy-four hours after drug administration, a decrease in the number of tumor blood vessels was apparent and necrotic areas within
tumors were visible. Building on the single agent activity of CA4P, we are expecting that combination of CA4P with Ipilimumab or other
immune-oncology drug would result in improved tumor control for these patients above the 2 PR out of 17 patients treated with Ipilimumab
alone which supported the approval of Ipilimumab in pediatric melanoma. 

8 

CA4P:
Pediatric Melanoma 

Until
the recent approval of ipilimumab as the first immunotherapy agent approved for children, metastatic or nonresectable pediatric melanoma
did not have any FDA-approved therapies available. As for adult melanoma patients, the mainstay of care is surgical excision. Studies
also show that children treated for melanoma should be closely monitored as they are at increased risk of recurrence later in life. However,
there is only very limited data on the efficacy of systemic therapy in children and adolescents with advanced melanoma and new effective
therapies are urgently needed. Several phase I/II trials have been designed to evaluate therapies for pediatric cancer patients that included subsets
of patients with advanced melanoma. 

Ipilimumab
was evaluated in a phase I clinical study in children with unresectable stage IIIC or IV melanoma and in a pediatric phase II trial (NCT01696045)
that included children aged 12 years or older with previously treated or untreated, unresectable stage III or IV malignant melanoma.
Of the 17 melanoma patients older than 12 years treated with ipilimumab across both studies, two experienced objective responses. Immune-related
adverse events included pancreatitis, pneumonitis, endocrinopathies, colitis, and transaminitis, with dose-limiting toxicities observed
at 5 mg/kg. No grade 2 or higher immune-related toxicities were identified at doses of 3 mg/kg or less. Based upon the results of these
studies and evidence from studies in adult patients, in July 2017, the FDA approved ipilimumab for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic
melanoma in children aged 12 years and older. 

It
is expected that combination of CA4P with Ipilimumab or other immune-oncology drugs would result in improved tumor control for these
patients above the 2 PR out of 17 patients treated with ipilimumab. 

The
FDA has granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for CA4P/ Fosbretabulin tromethamine for the treatment of stage IIB IV melanoma
due to genetic mutations that disproportionately affect pediatric patients as a drug. Preclinical studies in which CA4P was combined
with an anti-CTLA4 antibody using an EMT-6 mammary tumor model showed that 7 out of 8 mice receiving a combination of CA4P and an anti-CTLA4
antibody experienced complete remission of their tumors, compared to only 1 of 8 in the CA4P monotherapy arm and 2 of 8 in the anti-CTLA4
antibody monotherapy. This application is based on observed CA4P activity in melanoma in early clinical testing. During various phase
1 studies, we found that CA4P treatment resulted in significant disease control among patients with solid tumors who progressed on standard
therapies. CA4P treatment resulted in 2 Stable Disease (SD) of 5 melanoma patients treated. One Partial Response (PR) was observed of
6 melanoma patients treated follow progressing during first-line trial therapy with dacarbazine and sorafenib. Building on the single
agent activity of CA4P, we are expecting that combination of CA4P with Ipilimumab or other immune-oncology drug would result in improved
tumor control for the target pediatric population above the 2 PR out of 17 patients treated with Ipilimumab alone which supported the
approval of Ipilimumab in pediatric melanoma. 

OXi4503
for Acute Myeloid Leukemia 

OXi4503
(combretastatin A1-diphsphate; CA1P) is a novel investigational VDA that has been shown to have a significant in vitro cytotoxic as well
as chemo-sensitizing activity against human AML cells. OXi4503 also exhibited in vivo anti-leukemic activity in xenografted mice with
human AML. 

9 

OXi4503
employs a new, broader strategy against AML than currently exists for standard chemotherapy, as it provides a dual mechanism of action
involving both anti-vascular effects and direct cytotoxicity to AML cells. Vascular and/or Bone marrow endothelial cells ECs appear to provide a protective effect for AML cells, keeping them dormant within the bone marrow. VDAs may target these ECs and reverse
their chemo protective effect, providing a novel approach to the treatment of AML which may otherwise be resistant to other chemotherapeutic
therapies. Preclinical data indicate that OXi4503 alone and in combination with traditional AML treatments such as cytarabine may provide
significant benefit in eliminating AML cells. Results from two completed Phase I clinical trials demonstrated the clinical impact potential
of OXi4503 against relapsed AML when it is alone or in combination with the standard chemotherapy drug cytarabine ARA-C can induce complete remissions in relapsed AML patients. Notably, OXi4503 showed single agent activity in a clinical Phase I trial and
resulted in complete remission of a relapsed AML patient. Sustained complete remissions were also achieved in relapsed AML patients who
were treated with OXi4503 in combination with ARA-C. 

OXi4503
has received orphan designation for AML in both the United States (Designation No. 12-3824) and the European Union (Designation No. EU/3/15/1587
- EMA/OD/144/15). In 2017, the FDA granted fast-track designation to OXi4503 for the treatment of relapsed/refractory AML. Oxi4503
met the qualifying criteria for the Fast Track designation since AML is a serious and life-threatening condition, and a large unmet medical
need exists for additional treatment strategies for this disease. 

The
Investigator-Sponsored trial (IST) UF OXi4503 AML MDS Ph 1 (UF4503), A Phase 1 Clinical Trial of OXi4503 for Relapsed and Refractory
AML and Myelodysplastic Syndromes MDS was designed to evaluate the safety profile and the maximum tolerated dose I as well as a recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D) of OXi4503 in patients with recurrent/refractory (R/R) AML and MDS (ClinicalTrials.gov
NCT01085656) (14, 50). The clinical single agent activity of OXi4503 was also assessed within the confines of a Phase 1 clinical trial
setting. A total of 18 patients enrolled in the study from February 2011 to January 2016. The patients were predominantly male (78 and the median age was 62.5 years. Of the 15 patients with AML, 4 (27 had primary refractory AML, 2 (13 were in first relapse, and
9 (60 had refractory AML beyond CR1. 

Eight
patients (44 completed at least one cycle of CA1P and were evaluable for efficacy assessments. Of the eight patients evaluable, one
achieved morphologic remission with incomplete blood count recovery CRi after 1 cycle but came off study in cycle
2 due to fungal pneumonia. Three patients had stable disease after at least one cycle of CA1P. Three patients experienced progressive
disease after 1 cycle of CA1P and were withdrawn from the study. 

The
Phase 1 dose-escalation combination of the Company sponsored study OX1222 (NCT02576301) was a Phase 1b dose escalation study of OXi4503
as a single agent and in combination with Cytarabine with subsequent combination Phase 2 cohorts for subjects with relapsed/refractory
(R/R) AML and MDS. 29 subjects were treated with OXi4503 in combination with Cytarabine. 

Of
these 29 patients, one was evaluable for safety analysis, but no EFS/OS data or response data were available for activity evaluations.
Of the 28 patients evaluable for EFS/OS outcome analyses, 26 had AML and 2 had MDS. For the 26 AML patients, there were 4 CRs. The CR
responses were associated with prolonged overall survival substantially better the median OS time: One patient who became eligible for
allogeneic PBSCT remains alive, free-of-leukemia at 720+ days. The overall survival times were 434 days, 521 days, 535 days, and 720 days,
respectively. The median OS time for the 4 patients who achieved a CR/CRi was 528 (95 CI: 434 - NA) days which was significantly better
than the median OS time of 113 (95 CI: 77 - 172) days for the remaining 22 AML patients who did not achieve a CR (Log Rank = 11.8, P-value
= 0.0006). 

Three
of the 4 CR/CRis were achieved in 1st relapse patients while one patient with CRi had failed 5 previous regimens, including 7:3, HiDAC,
and PBSCT. Patients who achieved a CR/CRi went on to receive other treatments after receiving 4-6 cycles of OXi4503. The median OS for
all 26 AML patients who received therapy was 119 (95 CI: 87 - 232) days. Patients who had rapidly progressive disease or developed toxicity
could not get as many OXi4503 doses as patients who responded to their treatment favorably. The median OS time for 18 patients receiving
1-3 doses Of OXi4503 was 82 (95 CI: 66 - 135) days and these patients exhibited a worse survival outcome compared to 9 patients receiving
4-6 doses which was recorded at 434 (95 CI: 191 - NA) days (Log Rank = 12.3, P-value = 0.0004). 

10 

OXi4503:
Pediatric AML 

Pediatric
AML is most common during the first 2 years of life and during the teenage years. In the United States, about 730 people under age 20
are diagnosed with AML each year. The number of deaths was 0.6 per 100,000 children per year. These rates are age-adjusted and based
on 2012-2016 cases. 

Compared
with pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia ALL ), the outlook for pediatric AML patients is far worse. Even though
pediatric AML cases are far fewer than pediatric ALL, the mortality rate is about the same, illustrating that AML is a devastating disease
and the need for continuing research to identify effective treatments for these children. The prognosis for AML in children remains relatively
poor, with a 5-year survival rate of 64 compared with 90 in ALL. 

Patients
with poor-risk cytogenetics include those that lack any favorable changes and harbor any of the following cytogenetic abnormalities:
monosomy 7, monosomy 5, deletion of 5q, abnormalities of 3q, t(6;9) (p23;q34), and complex karyotype which is defined as three or more
cytogenetic abnormalities. Children and adolescents harboring these unfavorable features have survival of less than 50 percent, and in
many cases less than 20 percent. 

The
standard of care for management of pediatric AML involves predominantly induction therapy intended to put the patient into remission
and consolidation chemotherapy designed to eradicate leukemia cells that may have escaped front line induction therapy. Whereas >80 
of pediatric AML patients will achieve remission, only about half will remain disease-free for an appreciable period of time. Approximately
30 percent of children with AML will experience relapse and only one third of them become long-term survivors after salvage therapy.
Although cure rates for children and adolescents with AML have improved, outcomes for pediatric AML patients with adverse prognostic
biologic features (e.g., high risk genetic mutations or chromosomal abnormalities) and refractory or relapsed disease who failed or did
not respond to their initial standard induction chemotherapy remains poor and limited treatment options are available for these patients.
Novel therapies for these high-risk patients are urgently needed. OXi4503 shows clinical potential and promise for this indication based
on the proof-of-concept data obtained from nonclinical and clinical studies. 

The
FDA has granted a RPD for OXi4503 for the treatment of pediatric AML. 

AI/Blockchain:
PointR/EdgePoint 

PointR,
an acquisition made in November of 2019, develops, and deploys high performance cluster computers and artificial intelligence AI technologies for inference processing of a camera-grid that are interconnected to create 360-degree vision-grid to track men and materials
indoors. The scope has expanded to include the entire life cycle of a drug: discovery, clinical trials, and manufacturing. These grids
provide real-time, localized decision-making harvesting complex data from structured and unstructured sources. Originally intended to
be used exclusively for operator tracking in manufacturing, the AI is broadened to automate surveillance and inspections in processing
lines. In addition, AI is being targeted to provide support for clinical trials and pre-clinical research. 

The
deployment of this supercomputing grid enables data capture and insight extraction in real time in blocks which are chained into blockchain
ledger records serving as immutable transactions for stakeholders such as regulatory agencies, caretakers, insurers, payers, and manufacturers.
The vision grid can integrate and fuse data from any type of sensors or collection devices. For example, the platform is a network of
activity detection cameras and proximity beacons functionalized with AI algorithms to monitor, evaluate, and archive real time visual
data as a series of metadata entries in a Blockchain ledger. 

The
use of AI and machine learning will streamline operations, enhance efficiency, and create immutable audit records for regulators while
reducing labor overhead and source of human errors. The deployment of this supercomputing grid enables data capture and insight extraction
in real time in blocks which are chained into blockchain ledger records serving as immutable transactions for stakeholders such as regulatory
agencies, caretakers, insurers, payers, and manufacturers. The PointR grid can integrate and fuse data from any type of sensors or collection
devices. For example, the platform is a network of activity detection cameras and proximity beacons functionalized with AI algorithms
to monitor, evaluate, and archive real time visual data as a series of metadata entries in a Blockchain ledger. 

11 

In
the pharmaceutical industry PointR s AI combined with Blockchain will be used in the entire life cycle of a drug: discovery, clinical
trials and manufacturing. Leveraging on the expertise of the PointR team, we will combine our own AI Vision technology with industry
standard Blockchain to transform drug manufacturing and real-world evidence monitoring for clinical trials. The c system has the potential
to automatically record individual key steps in cGMP manufacturing operations, including the flow of people, raw materials, and operations
in trusted perpetual blockchain ledgers that are indisputable. This has the potential to create much more efficient GMP manufacturing
operations while simultaneously improving reliability and data security. 

Data
integrity is a large and unsolved problem within drug development and manufacturing. Data from prior FDA inspection records, for four
major markets: China, India, Europe, and the United States, revealed endemic data integrity issues including data manipulation. These
stipulate that all manufacturing data must be preserved unaltered and made available to regulators. The consequences
of data manipulation would be the invalidation of clinical data based on the adulterated drug product, safety concerns and liabilities
to the patients, and FDA sanction and legal action. Some statistics of the FDA inspections and violations can be found at https://www.thefdagroup.com/blog/2019-fda-warning-letter-inspection-observation-trends . 

The
local real time AI processing of the data through grid computing allows for flexibility in data processing and AI training. Federated
learning through grid supercomputing is inherently faster and more effective than mainframe supercomputing. In general, AI methods excel
at automatically recognizing complex patterns in imaging data and providing quantitative assessments of the underlying characteristics.
PointR AI deep learning algorithms have the capability of detecting meaningful relationships in image-recognition tasks in radiology
and pathology. The coupling of image algorithm with Vision allows us to integrate imaging data frequently encountered during patient
care into coherent metadata for blockchain ledgers. This can transform the design and implementation of clinical trials and accelerate
outcomes. Combined with Blockchain the technologies will create trusted irrefutable ledgers which track real world monitoring and evidence
gathering. 

The
Company s non-controlling interest subsidiary, EdgePoint, is working to bring a solution that addresses both issues using proven
technology. We intend to solve this problem with AI machine vision based on our proprietary technology. We address the
data integrity problem in a stepwise fashion. We start with streamlining the warehouse supply chain component. Later we add modules that
spread across the plant in a comprehensive manner. We may spin-off Edgepoint as a separate publicly traded entity. 

We
expect our warehouse modules will streamline many labor issues in a manner very similar to Amazon-Go stores that run without cashiers.
Monitored by a camera grid, shoppers simply enter, grab items and leave. A shopper can grab a sandwich and soda and leave within a few
minutes without checkout lines and delays. Amazon s AI machine vision automation identifies the shoppers, the items they picked-up,
consummates the transaction and sends receipt. Sounds like science fiction but there are 11 such stores nationwide and disrupting the
retail industry. 

Manufacturing
AI Deployment: 

Leveraging
its partnerships with industry leaders, the AI team will combine its own AI technology with industry standard Blockchain to transform
drug manufacturing. The combined system has the potential to automatically record individual key steps in cGMP manufacturing operations
including the flow of people, raw materials, and operations in trusted perpetual blockchain ledgers that are indisputable. This has the
potential to create much more efficient GMP manufacturing operations while simultaneously improving reliability and data security. 

The
Company is in discussions with our JV partners for designing a nanoparticle manufacturing plant to produce its own as well as 3 rd
 party products. The plant is planned to be paperless incorporating integrated computer automation with a real-time dashboard that
includes AI for predictive maintenance and control of its fill-finish lines. Also, AI-based machine vision will inspect final vials for
quality control before labeling, packing and distribution. The cost-benefit for AI is clear when it replaces labor-intensive and error-prone
manual process of vial-inspections to detect inconsistencies such as accidental particulates in the mix, level-of the fill, and damaged
stoppers. The AI promises to replace labor-intensive and error-prone manual processes. 

12 

The
deployment of this supercomputing grid enables data capture and insight extraction in real time in blocks which are chained into blockchain
ledger records serving as immutable transactions for stakeholders such as regulatory agencies, caretakers, insurers, payers, and manufacturers.
The vision grid can integrate and fuse data from any type of sensors or collection devices. For example, the platform is a network of
activity detection cameras and proximity beacons functionalized with AI algorithms to monitor, evaluate, and archive real time visual
data as a series of metadata entries in a Blockchain ledger. 

The
use of AI and machine learning will streamline operations, enhance efficiency, and create immutable audit records for regulators while
reducing labor overhead and source of human errors. 

Taking
Retail AI to Drug Manufacturing 

Using
its Amazon-Go-like cashier-less AI proprietary technology, EdgePoint intends to address the human element in the drug manufacturing
industry. Its TrustPoint product is designed to track men and materials with a camera grid and commit each transaction to a series of
immutable blockchain records that are irrefutable permanent record of men and materials. The addition of blockchain technology enables
manufacturers to conduct audits in a reliable and streamlined manner in a trustworthy system. 

This
automation of manual verification eliminates wasted and indeterministic human cycles. The product is a novel and potentially disruptive
application of AI neural networks and blockchain to ensure compliance with drug sponsors and the FDA while ensuring a return on investment ROI for manufacturers by slashing labor costs. 

The
EdgePoint technology is already proven in the retail sector and generating revenues at a US east-coast, convenience store chain When
the shopper leaves the store, the AI automatically recognizes the shopper and items retrieved to issue a receipt. No human cashier is
involved. TrustPoint is planned to be a re-deployment of this type of tested technology for GMP drug manufacturing, relieving human errors
in supply chain and increasing compliance with warehouse operating procedures. For example, the warehouse module of TrustPoint will automatically
create a shopping list from standard templates and alert supply chain personnel to collect and deliver a list of raw materials to manufacturing.
TrustPoint will track personnel authorized to collect materials of the shelves in compliance with picklist and generate alerts if the
wrong materials are picked. It will commit the data to an immutable block chain ledger for later retrieval in case of compliance issues.
Blockchain records are irrefutable and can be reproduced to trace with fidelity operating activities, e.g., authorized personnel, what
they picked, who they delivered to with date and timestamps of each action. 

Market 

Human
labor costs represent the most expensive element in drug manufacturing. In the 70.0 billion CDMO (contract development manufacturing
operations) industry, personnel costs of 30 billion are ripe for computer automation. Until now, computer technologies like MRP and
ERP created more problems than resolved. The labor problem is compounded by the cost of personnel onboarding and turnover. It takes 6-9
months to train a quality control employee only to lose them to a competitor. 

The
market is large. Approximately 10,000 drug manufacturing facilities worldwide are FDA and EMA (European FDA) registered, representing
a significant addressable market for EdgePoint. Many such facilities run on paper-based, handwritten forms ripe for modernization by
the TrustPoint product. The 70.0 billion CDMO industry is poised to grow to 123.0 billion by 2025 according to industry experts. EdgePoint
has the first mover advantage and expects to lead the industry s transition. It expects to garner a significant share of the labor automation
market. Addressing the 30.0 billion labor market and more specifically the 12.0 billion supply-chain segment, EdgePoint expects to
improve efficiencies and create additional value for shareholders. EdgePoint intends to address the 12.0 billion market with AI Vision,
BlockChain and NLP. 

Go-to-Market: 

The
Company s go-to-market plan is to execute a proof-of-concept project, possibly through a planned CDMO by the JV. As part of the
JV Agreement, the JV has acquired a non-exclusive license for the AI platform developed by PointR/EdgePoint for implementation in a planned
CDMO. 

The
expected outcome is a potential re-sellable product for materials release deployed with production level data to attract a rich pipeline
of paying customers. EdgePoint is looking to address an unsolved problem with a proprietary technology and first mover advantage to
capture a significant share of the GMP manufacturing market. The product is a novel and potentially disruptive application of AI neural
networks and block-chain to ensure compliance with drug sponsors and the FDA while ensuring ROI for manufacturers by slashing labor costs.
The side benefit is that it brings this industry into the fourth industrial revolution which includes AI, cloud computing, blockchain,
and IoT sensor fusion. 

In
addition to ARTIVeda / PulmoHeal AI application, the Company has also developed and launched a mobile
application called ArtiHealth and a post marketing survey that have been included with ArtiVeda, which along with ArtiHealth is called
PulmoHeal . PulmoHeal is a full evaluation package of drug and assessment platforms for COVID-19,
and other respiratory disease patients. Further, the Company recently announced the development of its Pet2DAO infrastructure development
and chatbots that are planned to help the shareholders and other users to easier access to useful information. This is driven by AI built
by our internal resources and is planned to be launched by Pet2DAO. 

13 

Our
Strategy and Development Plan 

We
have been operating with significant capital constraints since the reverse merger between the Company and Oncotelic Inc, and for this
time period we have been seeking to secure sufficient funding to continue our operations while we simultaneously seek to advance our
all our investigational drugs for the treatment of cancer, coronaviruses, AI technology and more recently for PD, ED and FSD. Subject
to our ability to secure additional capital, we would seek to further develop our product candidates. However, our inability to access
capital historically has and may significantly impair our ability to develop these compounds. If we are able to advance any or all of
our drug candidates, we would seek to develop them till commercialization, however, there is no guarantee that we would be able to fully
develop our products, obtain regulatory approvals and successfully commercialize them. 

We
continue to discuss collaboration opportunities with other biopharmaceutical companies, although to date have not secured any agreements
with companies that are willing to purchase the products from us or license the development and commercialization rights. We intend to
continue to seek a partner to acquire the marketing rights to our product candidates and to finance further clinical studies and will
seek to complete a transaction if we are able to reach mutual agreement on terms. We were in discussions with GMP to further the development
of OT-101, primarily for oncology indications and COVID-19, as well as CA4P and Oxi4503. In March 2022, the Company entered into a JV
with Dragon to form GMP Bio. Both entities are affiliates of GMP. GMP Bio and the Company will work together to further the development
of OT-101, wherein the Company would provide the technology and technical expertise and GMP Bio would fund the development expenses. 

In
addition to entering into a transaction that would provide funding for the further development of our product candidates, other elements
of our development strategy would currently include: 

Initiating clinical trials of OT-101 in various cancers: We have yet to initiate any trials, but we are evaluating conducting such trials in the US as well as other countries like China in conjunction with GMP Bio. We are looking to conduct such trials in combination with other drugs like checkpoint inhibitors. We have filed the protocols for some of the trials being planned and we hope to be able to get acceptance from the FDA and be able to initiate the trials shortly thereafter. 

Conducting follow up clinical trials of OT-101 for COVID-19: A Phase 2 C001 Covid Study: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo
Controlled, Multi-Center Study of OT-101 in Hospitalized COVID-19 Subjects was completed for OT-101 in South America. That study
can expand into a Phase 3 trial if the data supports the safety of the drug in the event there is a resurgent in COVID-19. We are currently
conducting an observational study, with OT-101 for long COVID-19, in conjunction with BARDA. 

We have completed a
 120-patient trial for Artemisinin. We plan to continue to further develop Artemisinin as pharmaceutic against respiratory viral
 infections, especially in the event there is a resurgence in COVID-19. 

Initiating a clinical trial of CA4P in combination with an immuno-oncology agent: Based on preclinical data generated to date and support of two well-known immuno-oncology clinical investigators, we have developed a protocol for a clinical trial that would be the first human clinical trial combining CA4P and an approved immuno-oncology agent. This trial is designed to make initial determinations of whether the combination results in improved patient outcomes, including safety, overall survival, progression free survival, objective response rate, tumor size and other parameters. 

14 

Continuing to evaluate OXi4503 in a clinical trial: We have completed six
 ascending dose cohorts of OXi4503 in combination with cytarabine in Study OX1222 in patients with relapsed/refractory AML and/or MDS.
 In the highest dose cohort, the sixth cohort of the study, we observed potential safety signals which triggered stopping rules for the
 study and resulted in a partial clinical hold from the FDA until we and the FDA assess additional safety data, particularly at the fifth
 dose cohort level. In the fifth dose cohort of OX1222, we have observed the best potential signs of efficacy to date in the trial and
 believe treatment of additional patients would provide additional evidence regarding the efficacy of OXi4503 in these indications 

Ramping up the apomorphine development program and initiating noninferiority trial comparing AL-101 against subcutaneous apomorphine for the treatment of PD. We are also considering ramping up the apomorphine development programs for ED and FSD/HSDD. 

The Company formed Pet2DAO, as a wholly owned subsidiary. Pet2DAO
is a DAO technology company, integrating the strong governance of traditional corporations with the innovative DAO architecture looking
to engage stakeholders, to build value through the DAO, while maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations, including governance,
compliance, and accountability through a team of veterans in public companies with innovators in AI, blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO
will initially be looking to develop products for the animal health space. 

REGULATORY
MATTERS 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

Government
authorities in the United States and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and export and
import of products such as those we are developing. Our drug candidates must be approved by the FDA through the New Drug Application NDA ), process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. 

U.S.
Drug Development Process 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and implementing
regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local, and
foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable
United States requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant
to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA s refusal to review or approve pending applications,
withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production
or distribution injunctions, fines, refusal of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency
or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed
in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices GLP or other applicable regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, which must be first approved by the FDA before human clinical trials
 may begin; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to Good Clinical Practices GCP to establish
 the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; 

submission
 to the FDA of an NDA; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the drug is produced to assess compliance with
 current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s
 identity, strength, quality and purity; 

satisfactory
 completion of FDA inspections of clinical sites and GLP toxicology studies; and 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA. 

15 

The
testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for
our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 

Once
a pharmaceutical candidate is identified for development, it enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory
evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity, and formulation, as well as animal studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the
preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, to the FDA as part of the IND. The sponsor will also
include a protocol detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety,
and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated, if the first phase lends itself to an efficacy evaluation. Preclinical testing continues
even after the IND is submitted. The IND becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period,
places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before
the clinical trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety
concerns or non-compliance. 

All
clinical trials must be conducted under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP regulations. These regulations
include the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent. Further, an institutional review board, or IRB, must review
and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at any institution. An IRB considers, among other things, whether the
risks to individuals participating in the trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves
the information regarding the trial and the consent form that must be provided to each trial subject or his or her legal representative
and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. 

Each
new clinical protocol must be submitted to the IND for FDA review, and to the IRBs for approval. Protocols detail, among other things,
the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor
subject safety and efficacy in Phase 2 and 3 clinical trials. 

Human
clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
 1: The drug is initially introduced into human subjects and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution,
 and excretion. 

Phase
 2: Involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to evaluate preliminary
 efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 

Phase
 3: Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, and safety in an expanded patient population. These
 studies are intended to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the product and provide, if appropriate, an adequate basis for
 product labeling. 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. IND Safety Reports must be submitted
to the FDA, IRBs and the investigators for (a) any suspected adverse reaction that is both serious and unexpected; (b) any findings from
epidemiological studies, pooled analysis of multiple trials, or clinical trials (other than those already reported in (a)); (c) any findings
from animal or in vitro testing, whether or not conducted by the sponsor, that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to
the drug, such as reports of mutagenicity, teratogenicity, or carcinogenicity or reports of significant organ toxicity at or near the
expected human exposure; and (d) any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed
in the protocol or investigator brochure. Phase 1, phase 2, and phase 3 testing may not be completed successfully within any specified
period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research
subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical
trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug
has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

16 

Concurrent
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry
and physical characteristics of the drug and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance
with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate
and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final drug.
Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product
candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

U.S.
Review and Approval Processes 

The
results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical
tests conducted on the chemistry of the drug, proposed labeling, and other relevant information are submitted to the FDA as part of an
NDA requesting approval to market the product. The submission of an NDA is subject to the payment of user fees; a waiver of such fees
may be obtained under certain limited circumstances, which may include orphan drug status and the first NDA application for a company. 

In
addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, an NDA or supplement to an NDA must contain data to assess the safety and
effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration
for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full
or partial waivers. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation
has been granted. 

The
FDA reviews all NDAs submitted to ensure that they are sufficiently complete for substantive review before it accepts them for filing.
The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event, the NDA must be resubmitted with the
additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission
is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA also may refer the NDA to an advisory committee for review,
evaluation, and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the
recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. The approval process is lengthy and difficult,
and the FDA may refuse to approve an NDA at its discretion, or the FDA may require additional clinical or other data and information.
Even if such additional data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy its criteria
for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials is not always conclusive, and the FDA may interpret data differently than we or others
may interpret the same data. The FDA may issue a complete response letter, which may require additional clinical or other data or impose
other conditions that must be met in order to obtain approval of the NDA. The FDA reviews an NDA to determine, among other things, whether
a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether its manufacturing is cGMP-compliant to assure and preserve the product s
identity, strength, quality, and purity. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will generally inspect the facility or facilities where the
product is manufactured. The FDA will also generally inspect selected clinical sites that participated in the clinical studies and may
inspect the testing facilities that performed the GLP toxicology studies cited in the NDA. 

NDAs
receive either standard or priority review. A drug representing a significant improvement in treatment, prevention or diagnosis of disease
may receive priority review. In addition, products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening
illnesses and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval and may be approved
on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint
that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible
morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and
well-controlled post-marketing clinical trials. Priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but
may expedite the approval process. 

If
a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases or patient subpopulations and dosages or the
indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. In addition, approval by the
FDA may include a requirement for phase 4 testing, which involves clinical trials designed to further assess a drug s safety and
effectiveness, and the FDA may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products which have been commercialized. 

17 

Orphan
Drug Designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation,
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not
convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. 

If
a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation,
the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the
same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in very limited circumstances. 

In
the European Union and Japan, orphan drug exclusivity regulations provide for 10 years of market exclusivity. 

CA4P
has been awarded orphan drug status by the FDA for the treatment of anaplastic, medullary, Stage IV papillary and Stage IV follicular
thyroid cancers, ovarian cancer, neuroendocrine tumors, and glioma. OXi4503 has been awarded orphan drug status by the FDA for the treatment
of acute myelogenous leukemia. CA4P has been awarded orphan drug status by the FDA for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, melanoma,
and glioblastoma. 

CA4P
has also been awarded orphan drug status by the European Commission in the European Union for the treatment of anaplastic thyroid cancer,
ovarian cancer and neuroendocrine tumors. OXi4503 has been awarded orphan drug status by the European Commission in the European Union
for the treatment of acute myelogenous leukemia. OT-101 has been awarded orphan drug status by the European Commission in the European Union
for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, melanoma, and glioblastoma. 

Rare
Pediatric Disease Designation 

The
FDA grants rare pediatric disease designation for diseases with serious or life-threatening manifestations that primarily affect people
aged from birth to 18 years, and that affect fewer than 200,000 people in the U.S. Under the FDA s Rare Pediatric Disease Priority
Review Voucher program, a sponsor who receives an approval of a new drug application or biologics license application for a product for
the prevention or treatment of a rare pediatric disease may be eligible for a voucher, which can be redeemed to obtain priority review
for any subsequent marketing application and may be sold or transferred. Such vouchers can be valued at several millions of dollars,
sometimes in excess of 100 million. 

The
FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for OT-101/Trabedersen for the treatment of DIPG as a drug for a rare pediatric disease. 

The
FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for CA4P/ Fosbretabulin tromethamine for the treatment of stage IIB IV melanoma
due to genetic mutations that disproportionately affect pediatric patients as a drug. 

The
FDA granted Rare Pediatric Disease Designation for Oxi4503 for the treatment of AML as a drug for a rare pediatric disease. 

Expedited
Review and Approval 

The
FDA has various programs, including Fast Track, priority review, accelerated approval and breakthrough therapy, which are intended to
expedite or simplify the process for reviewing drugs, and/or provide for approval on the basis of surrogate endpoints. Even if a drug
qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may subsequently decide the drug no longer meets the conditions for qualification
or the FDA may not shorten the review or approval time period. Generally, drugs that may be eligible for these programs are those for
serious or life-threatening conditions, those with the potential to address unmet medical needs, and those that offer meaningful benefits
over existing treatments. Fast Track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is
being studied. Although Fast Track and priority review do not affect the standards for approval, the FDA will attempt to facilitate early
and frequent meetings with a sponsor of a Fast-Track designated drug and expedite review of the application for a drug designated for
priority review. Drugs that receive an accelerated approval may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials
establishing that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit or on
the basis of an effect on a clinical endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity. As a condition of approval, the FDA may
require that a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval perform post-marketing clinical trials. 

18 

OXi4503
has been awarded Fast Track designation for the treatment of AML. 

Foreign
Regulation 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and if any
of our product candidates are approved, we will be subject to additional regulations regarding commercial sales and distribution. Whether
or not we obtain FDA approval to test a product candidate in the United States, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory
authorities of foreign countries before we can commence testing any product candidate in those countries. Likewise, whether we
obtain FDA approval to market a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before
we can commence marketing of any product candidate in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time
may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing,
pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 

Under
European Union regulatory systems, a company may submit marketing authorization applications, or MAAs, either under a centralized or
decentralized procedure. The centralized procedure, which is compulsory for medicines produced by biotechnology, or those medicines intended
to treat AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders or diabetes and optional for those medicines which are highly innovative, provides
for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states. The decentralized procedure provides
for mutual recognition of national approval decisions. Under this procedure, the holder of a national marketing authorization may apply to the remaining member states. Within 90 days of receiving the applications and assessments report, each member state
must decide whether to recognize approval. If a member state does not recognize the marketing authorization, the disputed points are
eventually referred to the European Commission, whose decision is binding on all member states. 

As
in the United States, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, may grant orphan drug status for specific indications if the request is
made before an MAA is submitted. The EMA considers an orphan medicinal product to be one that affects less than five of every 10,000
people in the European Union. A company whose application for orphan drug designation in the European Union is approved is eligible to
receive, among other benefits, regulatory assistance in preparing the marketing application, protocol assistance and reduced application
fees. Orphan drugs in the European Union receive up to ten years of market exclusivity for the approved indication. 

Reimbursement 

Sales
of any of our product candidates, if approved, will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered
by third-party payors, including government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers and managed care
organizations. These third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for health care products and services. The U.S.
government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including
price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. The adoption or application of price
controls and cost-containment measures could limit our revenue. If third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective,
they may not pay for our products even if we receive approval, or their level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our
products on a profitable basis. 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, or the MMA, imposes requirements for the distribution and pricing
of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D (the Medicare prescription drug benefit), Medicare beneficiaries may enroll
in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs not covered under Medicare
Part B. Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs. Each drug plan can develop its own
drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. Federal regulations require Part D prescription drug
formularies to include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, although not necessarily all the drugs
in each category or class. 

19 

In
general, government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing
approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices
we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow
Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA
or other Medicare regulations may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. 

The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively,
the Affordable Care Act or ACA mandated prescription drug coverage as one of ten essential
health benefits that most health plans must offer, requiring coverage of at least one drug in every category and class. The ACA increased
in the number of individuals covered by insurance and as a result commercial insurers and government programs have increased their emphasis
on cost controls to reduce overall spending. A number of federal government leaders have expressed their intentions to repeal and replace
the ACA. If full or partial repeal is enacted, many if not all the provisions of the ACA may no longer apply to prescription drugs.
As a result, we expect that there will continue to be uncertainty regarding drug product pricing, reimbursement and other factors impacting
the revenue we may receive if our product candidates are ultimately approved, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements
governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to
restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices
of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a
system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no
assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement
and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures
of the United States and tend to be significantly lower. 

PATENTS
AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 

We
actively seek to protect the proprietary technology that we consider important to our business, including chemical species, compositions
and forms, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture, as well as modified forms of naturally-expressed receptors, in the
United States and other jurisdictions internationally that we consider key pharmaceutical markets. We also rely upon trade secrets and
contracts to protect our proprietary information. 

As
of May 12, 2020, we were the exclusive licensee, sole assignee or co-assignee of fifteen granted U.S. patents, one pending U.S. patent
application, and granted patents and/or pending applications in several other major markets, including the European Union, Canada and
Japan. Our policy is to file U.S. and foreign patent applications to protect technology, inventions and improvements to inventions that
are commercially important to the development of our business. There can be no assurance that any of these patent applications will result
in the grant of a patent either in the United States or elsewhere, or that any patents granted will be valid and enforceable or will
provide a competitive advantage or will afford protection against competitors with similar technologies. We also intend to rely upon
trade secret rights to protect other technologies that may be used to discover and validate targets and that may be used to identify
and develop novel drugs. We seek protection, in part, through confidentiality and proprietary information agreements. 

We
consider the following U.S. patents and applications owned by or exclusively licensed to us to be particularly important to the protection
of our most advanced product candidates. 

Product
 Candidate 
 
 Patent
 Scope 
 
 Patent
 Expiration 
 
 CA4P 
 
 Use
 of VDAs to Enhance Immunomodulating Therapies Against Tumors 
 
 August
 2036 

OXi4503 
 
 Method
 for Treating Myeloid Neoplasm by Administering OXi4503 
 
 November
 2028 

OT-101 
 
 Combination
 of A Chemotherapeutic Agent and An Inhibitor of the TGF- System 
 
 July
 2030 to 

Combination
 Therapy for Treatment of Pancreatic Cancer 
 
 February
 2036 

Compositions
 and Methods for Treating Cancer 
 
 February
 2036 

20 

In
addition to these patents, for some of our product candidates, we have patents and/or applications that cover a particular form or composition,
use for a particular indication, use as part of combination therapy or method of preparation or use, as well as other pending patent
applications. These issued patents, including any patents that issue from pending applications, could provide additional or a longer
period of protection. We also have patent applications pending that seek equivalent or substantially comparable protection for our product
candidates in jurisdictions internationally that we consider key pharmaceutical markets. 

The
patent expiration dates referenced above do not reflect any potential patent term extension that we may receive under the federal Drug
Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, known as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act generally permits a patent
extension term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Patent extension cannot
extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half of the time
between the effective date of an investigational new drug application, or IND, and the submission date of a new drug application, or
NDA, plus the time between the submission date and approval date of an NDA. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible
for the extension, and the extension must be applied for prior to expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office,
in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves applications for patent term extension. 

As
previously noted, the FDA and European Union have granted CA4P and OXi4503 orphan drug status for certain indications. We are also pursuing,
and may continue to in the future to pursue, orphan drug status for other product candidates and indications. Our ability to obtain and
maintain the exclusivity for our products and product candidates by virtue of their orphan drug status is an important part of our intellectual
property strategy. Also as previously noted, we are emphasizing on Rare Pediatric Designation to leverage on the regulatory exclusivity and
voucher program associated with these designations. 

COMPETITION 

The
industry in which we are engaged is characterized by rapidly evolving technology and intense competition. Our competitors include, among
others, major pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, nearly all of which have financial, technical, and marketing
resources significantly greater than ours. In addition, many of the small companies in our industry have also formed collaborative relationships
with large, established companies to support research, development and commercialization of products that may be competitive with ours.
Academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations are also conducting research activities
and patenting new technologies in our line of business and any of these entities may commercialize products that may be competitive with
ours. 

We
expect that, if any of our products gain regulatory approval for sale, they will compete primarily on the basis of product efficacy,
safety, patient convenience, reliability, price and patent protection. Our competitive position will also depend on our ability to attract
and retain qualified scientific and other personnel, develop effective proprietary products, and implement joint ventures or other alliances
with large pharmaceutical companies in order to jointly market and manufacture our products. 

21 

EMPLOYEES 

We
had twenty-two full-time employees and consultants as of December 31, 2022; however, all the employees and consultants, other than Dr.
Maida who was partially compensated through the Company up to March 2022, were compensated from our JV from February 2022 onwards. We
rely on external consultants or outsource nearly all our research, development, preclinical testing, and clinical trial activity, although
we maintain managerial and quality control over our clinical trials. We also rely on external consultants for various administrative
tasks that are required for a public company. We expect to continue to rely on external service providers and to maintain a small number
of executives and other employees. Our relations with our employees are good and we do not have any unions for the Company. 

COSTS
OF COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS 

We
have not incurred any costs associated with compliance with environmental regulations, nor do we anticipate any future costs associated
with environmental compliance; however, no assurances can be given that we will not incur such costs in the future. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto and Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence
of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, operating results, and growth prospects.
In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY 

If
we are unable to obtain additional funding, we may be forced to cease operations. 

We
have experienced net losses every year since inception. In April 2019, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with
Oncotelic Inc. for developing investigational drugs for the treatment of orphan oncology indications. The Company completed the
Merger and Oncotelic Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Merger was treated as a recapitalization and reverse
acquisition for financial accounting purposes. Oncotelic was considered the acquirer for accounting purposes, and the
Company s historical financial statements before the Merger have been replaced with the historical financial statements of
Oncotelic Inc. prior to the Merger in the financial statements and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The
Company, as of December 31, 2022, had an accumulated deficit of approximately 25.9 million, including a net income of approximately
 5.1 million in 2022 related to approximately 16.9 million non-cash gain on derecognition of non-financial asset related to the JV
and offset by a non-cash impairment of goodwill of approximately 4.1 million. We have no source of product revenue and do not expect to receive any product revenue in the near future, except if we generate
product revenues from Artemisinin in countries around the globe other than India and which at the current time is not anticipated.
We may generate revenues from services rendered in the future, but we cannot expect that to be of a regular and of recurring nature. If
we remain in business, we expect to incur additional operating losses over the next several years, principally as a result of our
plans to continue clinical trials for our investigational drugs. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.3 million in cash
and current liabilities of approximately 16.9 million, of which 1.3 million pertains to Mateon s liabilities prior to the
Merger and 2.6 million of contingent liabilities, incurred upon our merger with PointR Data, Inc. in November 2019, that would be
issuable in shares of common stock of the Company to the PointR shareholders upon satisfaction of certain conditions. Based on our
planned operations, we expect our cash to only support our operations for a short period of time. Therefore, we will need to secure
near-term funding, or we will be forced to curtail or terminate operations. Because we do not currently have a guaranteed source of
capital that will sustain operations for at least the next twelve months, Management has determined that there is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

22 

The
principal source of our working capital to date has been the proceeds from the sale of equity and debt, a substantial portion of which
has been provided by officers and certain insiders. If we are unable to access additional funds in the near term, whether through the
sale of additional equity, debt or another means, we may not be able to continue in business. We also may not be able to continue the
development of our investigational drugs. Any additional equity or debt financing, if available to us, may not be available on favorable
terms and would most likely be dilutive to stockholders. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and also
be dilutive to current stockholders. If we obtain funds through collaborative or licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish
rights to some of our technologies or product candidates on terms that are not favorable to us. Our ability to access capital when needed
is not assured. 

In
their audit report with regard to our Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we, as well as our
independent registered public accountants, have expressed an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as a
going concern. Because we have limited cash resources, we believe that it will be necessary for us to either raise additional capital
in the near term or to enter into a license or other agreement with a larger pharmaceutical company. If we do not succeed in doing so,
we may be required to suspend or cease our business, which would likely materially harm the value of our common stock. 

Due
in part to our limited financial resources, we may fail to select or capitalize on the most scientifically, clinically or commercially
promising or profitable indications or therapeutic areas for our product candidates, and we may be unable to pursue and complete the
clinical trials that we would like to pursue and complete. 

We
have limited financial and technical resources to determine the indications on which we should focus the development efforts for our
product candidates. Due to our limited available financial resources, we have curtailed clinical development programs and activities
that might otherwise have led to more rapid progress of our product candidates through the regulatory and development processes. We currently
have insufficient financial resources to complete any additional drug development work. 

If
we are able to raise funds and continue developing investigational drugs for cancer, we may make incorrect determinations with regard
to the indications and clinical trials on which to focus the available resources that we do have. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to retain adequate staffing levels to run our operations and/or to accomplish all the objectives that we otherwise
would seek to accomplish. The decisions to allocate our research, management and financial resources toward particular indications or
therapeutic areas for our product candidates may not lead to the development of viable commercial products and may divert resources from
better opportunities. Similarly, our decisions to delay or terminate drug development programs may also cause us to miss valuable opportunities.
In addition, from time to time, we may in-license or otherwise acquire product candidates to supplement our internal development activities.
Those activities may use resources that otherwise would have been devoted to our internal programs, and with research and development
programs there is no way to assure that the outcome of any trials or other activities will be positive, whether the program was internally
generated or in-licensed. 

We
may encounter difficulties in expanding our operations successfully if and when we evolve from a company that is primarily involved in
clinical development to a company that is also involved in commercialization. 

As
we advance our product candidates through later stages of clinical trials, we will need to expand our development, regulatory, manufacturing,
marketing and sales capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities for us. As our operations expand, we expect
that we will need to manage additional relationships with such third parties, as well as additional collaborators, distributors, marketers,
and suppliers. 

Maintaining
third party relationships for these purposes will impose significant added responsibilities on members of our management and other personnel.
We must be able to manage our development efforts effectively, manage our participation in the clinical trials in which our product candidates
are involved effectively, and improve our managerial, development, operational and finance systems, all of which may impose a strain
on our administrative and operational infrastructure. 

If,
following any approval of our product candidates, we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing or distribution
services, any product revenues that we receive, or the profitability of these product revenues to us, are likely to be lower than if
we were to market and sell any products that we develop ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements
with third parties to sell and market our products or in doing so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control
over such third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively.
If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we will
not be successful in commercializing our products. 

23 

If
we were to submit an NDA for our drug candidates in the United States or a marketing application in the EU, we would need to undertake
commercial scale manufacturing activities at significant expense to us in order to proceed with the application for approval for commercialization.
We or our external vendors may encounter technical difficulties that preclude us from successfully manufacturing the required registration
and validation batches of active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and/or drug product and we may be unable to recover any financial
losses associated with the manufacturing activities. Further, our research or product development efforts may not be successfully completed,
any compounds currently under development by us may not be successfully developed into drugs, any potential products may not receive
regulatory approval on a timely basis, if at all, and competitors may develop and bring to market products or technologies that render
our potential products obsolete. If any of these problems occur, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to partner with other pharmaceutical companies or even form any types of alliances with third parties. 

As
we plan to advance our product candidates through later stages of clinical trials but with lack of adequate capital resources, we will
need to form alliances or enter into partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies or even other third parties. We cannot assure you
that we would be able to do so at terms beneficial to the Company or at all. 

We
may not be able to successfully set up an IPO with third parties. 

As
we plan to advance our product candidates through later stages of clinical trials but with lack of adequate capital resources, we will
need to form alliances or enter into partnerships with other pharmaceutical companies or even other third parties and create shareholder
value, including through IPOs. We cannot assure you that we would be able to do so at terms beneficial to the Company or at all. While
the Company has formed a joint venture with Dragon Overseas and GMP Bio, and plans on taking that through an IPO, there can be no assurances
that such IPO will be made or will be successful. 

We
have no manufacturing capacity and have relied on, and expect to continue to rely on, third-party manufacturers to produce our product
candidates. 

We
do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of our product candidates or any
of the compounds that we are testing in our preclinical programs, and we lack the resources and the capabilities to do so. As a result,
we currently rely, and we expect to rely for the foreseeable future, on third-party manufacturers to supply our product candidates. Reliance
on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured our product candidates or products ourselves,
including: 

reliance
 on third-parties for manufacturing process development, regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

limitations
 on supply availability resulting from capacity and scheduling constraints of third-parties; 

the
 possible breach of manufacturing agreements by third-parties because of factors beyond our control; and 

the
 possible termination or non-renewal of the manufacturing agreements by the third-party, at a time that is costly or inconvenient
 to us. 

If
we do not maintain our developed important manufacturing relationships, we may fail to find replacement manufacturers or develop our
own manufacturing capabilities, which could delay or impair our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our products and substantially
increase our costs or deplete profit margins, if any. If we do find replacement manufacturers, we may not be able to enter into agreements
with them on terms and conditions favorable to us, and there could be a substantial delay before new facilities could be qualified and
registered with the FDA, EMA and other foreign regulatory authorities. 

24 

The
FDA, EMA and other foreign regulatory authorities require manufacturers to register manufacturing facilities. The FDA and corresponding
foreign regulators also inspect these facilities to confirm compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs. Contract
manufacturers may face manufacturing or quality control problems causing drug substance production and shipment delays or a situation
where the contractor may not be able to maintain compliance with the applicable cGMP requirements. Any failure to comply with cGMP requirements
or other FDA, EMA and comparable foreign regulatory requirements could adversely affect our clinical research activities and our ability
to develop our product candidates and market our products after approval. 

Our
current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates may adversely affect our ability
to develop our product candidates, our ability to commercialize any products that receive regulatory approval and our potential future
profit margins on these products. 

Our
product candidates have not completed clinical trials and may never demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy in order to do so. 

Our
product candidates are in the clinical stage of development. In order to achieve profitable operations, we alone or in collaboration
with others, must successfully develop, manufacture, introduce and market our products. The time frame necessary to achieve market success
for any individual product is long and uncertain. The products currently under development by us may require significant additional research
and development and additional preclinical and clinical testing prior to application for commercial use. A number of companies in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, even after showing promising results
in early or later-stage studies or clinical trials. Although we have obtained some favorable results to date in preclinical studies and
clinical trials of certain of our potential products, such results may not be indicative of results that will ultimately be obtained
in or throughout such clinical trials, and clinical trials may not show any of our products to be safe or capable of producing a desired
result. Additionally, we may encounter problems in our clinical trials that may cause us to delay, suspend or terminate those clinical
trials. 

Adverse
events observed to date and associated with CA4P and OXi4503 have generally been found to be manageable for drugs treating the indications
for which we are developing our product candidates. However, we will be required to continue to test and evaluate the safety of our product
candidates in additional clinical trials, and to demonstrate their safety to the satisfaction of appropriate regulatory agencies, as
a condition to receipt of any regulatory approvals. In clinical trials to date, transient hypertension believed to be associated with
CA4P and OXi4503 has been effectively managed through pre-treatment with anti-hypertensive medication. We cannot assure you, however,
that we will be able to make the necessary demonstrations of safety to allow us to receive regulatory approval for our product candidates
in any indication. 

We
only have a limited number of employees to manage and operate our business. 

We
had twenty-two full-time employees and consultants as of December 31, 2022; however, all the employees and consultants, other than Dr.
Maida who was partially compensated through the Company up to March 2022, were compensated from our JV from February 2022 onwards We rely
on consultants and professionals to augment our staffing needs. Our limited financial resources require us to manage and operate our
business in a highly efficient manner. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain adequate staffing levels to run our operations
and/or to accomplish all the objectives that we otherwise would seek to accomplish. 

We
depend on our executive officers and principal consultants and the loss of their services could materially harm our business. 

We
believe that our success depends, and will likely continue to depend, upon our ability to retain the services of our current executive
officers, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Business Officer, Chief Medical Officer, Chief Regulatory Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, our principal consultants, and others. This increases the risk that we may not be able to retain their services. The
loss of the services of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition to these key service
providers, we have established relationships with universities, hospitals and research institutions, which have historically provided,
and continue to provide, us with access to research laboratories, clinical trials, facilities and patients. Additionally, we believe
that we may, at any time and from time to time, materially depend on the services of consultants and other unaffiliated third parties.
We cannot assure you that consultants and other unaffiliated third parties will provide the level of service to us that we require in
order to achieve our business objectives. 

25 

Our
industry is highly competitive, and our product candidates may become obsolete. 

We
are engaged in a rapidly evolving field. Competition from other pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and research and academic
institutions is intense and likely to increase. Many of those companies and institutions have substantially greater financial, technical,
and human resources than we do. Many of those companies and institutions also have substantially greater experience in developing products,
conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval and in manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products. Our competitors
may succeed in obtaining regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we do. Competitors have developed or are in the process
of developing technologies that are, or in the future may be, the basis for competitive products. Some of these competitive products
may have an entirely different approach or means of accomplishing the desired therapeutic effect than products being developed by us.
Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective and/or cost competitive than those we are developing, or that
would render our product candidates less competitive or even obsolete. In addition, one or more of our competitors may achieve product
commercialization or patent protection earlier than we do, which could materially adversely affect us. 

If
clinical trials or regulatory approval processes for our product candidates are prolonged, delayed or suspended, we may be unable to
out-license or commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis, which would require us to incur additional costs and delay or
prevent our receipt of any proceeds from potential license agreements or product sales. 

We
cannot predict whether we will encounter problems with any of our completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials that will cause us or
any regulatory authority to delay or suspend those clinical trials or delay or invalidate the analysis of data derived from them. A number
of events, including any of the following, could delay the completion of our other ongoing and planned clinical trials and negatively
impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and to market and sell, a particular product candidate: 

conditions
 imposed on us by the FDA, EMA or another foreign regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; 

delays
 in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, required approvals from institutional review boards or other reviewing entities at clinical
 sites selected for participation in our clinical trials; 

insufficient
 supply of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct and complete our clinical trials; 

slow
 enrollment and retention rate of subjects in clinical trials; 

any
 compliance audits and pre-approval inspections by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities; 

negative
 or inconclusive results from clinical trials, or results that are inconsistent with earlier results; 

serious
 and unexpected drug-related side effects; and 

failure
 of our third-party contractors to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their contractual obligations to us. 

Commercialization
or licensure of our product candidates may be delayed or prevented by the imposition of additional conditions on our clinical trials
by the FDA, EMA or another foreign regulatory authority or the requirement of additional supportive clinical trials by the FDA, EMA, or
another foreign regulatory authority. In addition, clinical trials require sufficient patient enrollment, which is a function of many
factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the trial protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites,
the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease, the conduct of other clinical trials that compete for the same patients
as our clinical trials, and the eligibility criteria for our clinical trials. Our failure to enroll patients in our clinical trials could
delay the completion of the clinical trial beyond our expectations, or it could prevent us from being able to complete the clinical trial.
In addition, the FDA and EMA could require us to conduct clinical trials with a larger number of subjects than we have projected for
any of our product candidates. We may not be able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in a timely or cost-effective manner. Furthermore,
enrolled patients may drop out of our clinical trials, which could impair the validity or statistical significance of the clinical trials. 

26 

We
do not know whether our clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured, or will be completed on schedule, if at
all. Delays in our clinical trials will result in increased development costs for our product candidates, and our financial resources
may be insufficient to fund any incremental costs. In addition, if our clinical trials are delayed, our competitors may be able to bring
products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could be limited. 

If
physicians and patients do not accept our future products or if the market for indications for which any product candidate is approved
is smaller than expected, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any. 

Even
if any of our product candidates obtain regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, and third-party
payers. Physicians may decide not to prescribe our drugs for a variety of reasons including: 

timing
 of market introduction of competitive products; 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy compared to other products; 

cost-effectiveness; 

limited
 or no coverage by third-party payers; 

convenience
 and ease of administration; 

prevalence
 and severity of adverse side effects; 

restrictions
 in the label of the drug; 

other
 potential advantages of alternative treatment methods; and 

ineffective
 marketing and distribution support of our products. 

If
any of our product candidates is approved, but fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to generate significant revenue
and our business would suffer. 

The
uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical reimbursement and related matters may adversely affect our business. 

Market
acceptance and sales of any one or more of our product candidates that we develop will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected
by future healthcare reform measures in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Government authorities and third-party payers,
such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will cover and establish payment levels.
We cannot be certain that reimbursement will be available for any product candidates that we develop. Also, we cannot be certain that
reimbursement policies will not reduce the demand for, or the price paid for, our products. If reimbursement is not available or is available
on a limited basis, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidates that we develop. 

27 

In
the United States, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, also called the Medicare Modernization
Act, or MMA, changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products. The legislation established Medicare Part D, which
expanded Medicare coverage for outpatient prescription drug purchases by the elderly but provided authority for limiting the number of
drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. The MMA also introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on average sales prices
for physician-administered drugs. 

The
United States and several foreign jurisdictions are considering, or have already enacted, a number of legislative and regulatory proposals
to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payers
in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of
containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access to healthcare. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry
has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. We expect to experience
pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any products that we develop due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing
influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative proposals. 

In
March 2010, the Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or collectively, ACA,
became law in the U.S. The goal of ACA is to reduce the cost of health care and substantially change the way health care is financed
by both government and private insurers. While we cannot predict what impact on federal reimbursement policies this legislation will
have in general or on our business specifically, the ACA may result in downward pressure on pharmaceutical reimbursement, which could
negatively affect market acceptance of, and the price we may charge for, any products we develop that receive regulatory approval. 

More
recently, the current U.S. presidential administration has made statements suggesting plans to seek repeal of all or portions of the
ACA. There is uncertainty regarding the impact that the President s administration may have on matters currently governed by the
ACA, if any, and any regulatory or legislative changes will likely take time to unfold. These changes could have an impact on coverage
and reimbursement for healthcare items and services covered by plans that were authorized by the ACA. However, we cannot predict the
ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation or the impact of potential legislation on us. Any reduction in
reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation
of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or
commercialize our products. 

Our
business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our third-party CROs and other contractors and consultants
are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical
failures. Furthermore, we have little or no control over the security measures and computer systems of our third-party CROs and other
contractors and consultants. While we have not experienced any material system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such
an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our programs. For example,
the loss of clinical trial data for our product candidates could result in delays in our marketing approval efforts and significantly
increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss of or damage
to our data or applications or other data or applications relating to our technology or product candidates, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liabilities and the further development of our product candidates could be
delayed. 

REGULATORY
AND LEGAL RISK FACTORS 

If
we are unable to obtain required regulatory approvals, we will be unable to market and sell our product candidates. 

Our
product candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to development, clinical trials, manufacturing, oversight
of clinical investigators, recordkeeping, and commercialization. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory
review and approval process are required to be successfully completed in the United States, in the European Union and in many other foreign
jurisdictions before a new drug can be sold. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain,
and subject to unanticipated delays. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA or the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, is unpredictable
and often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials. 

28 

In
connection with the clinical development of our product candidates, we face risks that: 

our
 product candidates may not prove to be safe and efficacious; 

patients
 may die or suffer serious adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to the product candidate being tested; 

we
 fail to maintain adequate records of observations and data from our clinical trials, to establish and maintain sufficient procedures
 to oversee, collect data from, and manage clinical trials, or to monitor clinical trial sites and investigators to the satisfaction
 of the FDA, EMA, or other regulatory agencies; 

we
 may not have sufficient financial resources to complete the clinical trials that would be necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; 

the
 results of later-phase clinical trials may not confirm the results of earlier clinical trials; and 

the
 results from clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance or clinical benefit-to-risk ratio required by the
 FDA, EMA, or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval. 

Only
a small percentage of product candidates for which clinical trials are initiated are the subject of NDAs and even fewer receive approval
for commercialization. Furthermore, even if we do receive regulatory approval to market a product candidate, any such approval may be
subject to limitations such as those on the indicated uses for which we may market the product. 

If
we or the third parties on which we rely for the conduct of our clinical trials and results do not perform our clinical trial activities
in accordance with good clinical practices and related regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for
or commercialize our product candidates. 

We
currently use independent clinical investigators in all our clinical trials and, in many cases, also utilize contract research organizations,
or CROs, and other third-party service providers to conduct and/or oversee the clinical trials of our product candidates and expect to
continue to do so for the foreseeable future. We rely heavily on these parties for successful execution of our clinical trials. Nonetheless,
we are responsible for confirming that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the FDA s requirements and our
general investigational plan and protocol. Currently, we have clinical trial activities involving CA4P and OXi4503 being conducted by
clinical investigators who are independent of us, but with whom we have agreements for them to provide the results of their clinical
trials to us. In order for us to rely on data from these ongoing clinical trials in support of a New Drug Application, or NDA, for approval
of any of our product candidates by the FDA or similar types of marketing applications that are required by other regulatory authorities,
the independent investigators are required to comply with applicable good clinical practice requirements. 

The
FDA and corresponding foreign regulatory authorities require us and our clinical investigators to comply with regulations and standards,
commonly referred to as good clinical practices, or GCPs, for conducting and recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to
assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the trial participants are adequately protected. Our reliance
on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of these responsibilities and requirements. Third parties may not complete
activities on schedule or may not conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or the respective trial plans
and protocols. The failure of these third parties to carry out their obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval and
commercialization of our product candidates or result in enforcement action against us. 

We
have taken and continue to take steps to strengthen our procedures and practices, but we cannot assure you that the FDA will be satisfied
with our procedures or that the FDA will not issue warning letters or take other enforcement action against us in the future. The steps
we take to strengthen our procedures and conduct future clinical trials necessary for approval will be time-consuming and expensive. 

29 

The
use of our products may result in product liability exposure, and it is uncertain whether our insurance coverage will be sufficient to
cover all claims. 

The
use of our product candidates in clinical trials may expose us to liability claims in the event such product candidates cause death,
injury or disease, or result in adverse effects. We may be exposed to liability claims even if our product did not cause death, injury
or diseases, but is merely presumed or alleged to have caused any of these. If our product candidates are ever commercially approved,
the commercial use of these products may also expose us to similar liability claims. Any of these claims could be made by health care
institutions, contract laboratories, patients or others using such products. Although we have obtained liability insurance coverage for
our ongoing clinical trials, this coverage may not be in amounts sufficient to protect us from any product liability claims or product
recalls which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and prospects. Further, adverse product and similar liability
claims could negatively impact our ability to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our technology and product candidates under
development. 

We
have been granted orphan drug status for certain of our product candidates and may seek orphan drug status for additional indications
for those product candidates or for additional product candidates. We may be unsuccessful in maintaining orphan drug exclusivity for
our product candidates and may be unsuccessful in our efforts to seek orphan drug status and orphan drug exclusivity. 

Regulatory
authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs for relatively small patient
populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to
treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a disease with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals
in the United States. Our lead product candidate, OXi4503, has been awarded orphan drug status by the FDA and the European Commission
for the treatment of acute myelogenous leukemia. Our other product candidate, CA4P, has been awarded orphan drug status by the FDA for
the treatment of anaplastic, medullary, Stage IV papillary and Stage IV follicular thyroid cancers, ovarian cancer, neuroendocrine tumors
and glioma. CA4P has also been awarded orphan drug status by the European Commission in the European Union for the treatment of anaplastic
thyroid cancer, ovarian cancer and neuroendocrine tumors. 

Generally,
if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the EMA or the FDA from approving another
marketing application for the same drug for the same indication during the period of exclusivity. The applicable period is seven years
in the United States and ten years in the European Union. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer
meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified.
Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or the EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective, if the
manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 

Even
if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product candidate or additional product candidates, that exclusivity may not effectively protect
the product candidate from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved,
the FDA can subsequently approve a different drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior
in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. 

Our
product candidates will remain subject to ongoing regulatory review even if they receive marketing approval, and if we fail to comply
with continuing regulations, we could lose these approvals and the sale of any approved commercial products could be suspended. 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval to market a particular product candidate, the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting,
storage, advertising, promotion, and record keeping related to the product will remain subject to extensive regulatory requirements.
If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements of the FDA, EMA and other applicable domestic and foreign regulatory authorities
or previously unknown problems with any approved product, manufacturer, or manufacturing process are discovered, we could be subject
to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including: 

restrictions
 on the products, manufacturers, or manufacturing processes; 

warning
 letters; 

30 

civil
 or criminal penalties; 

fines; 

injunctions; 

product
 seizures or detentions; 

pressure
 to initiate voluntary product recalls; 

suspension
 or withdrawal of regulatory approvals; and 

refusal
 to approve pending applications for marketing approval of new products or supplements to approved applications. 

Our
employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance
with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 

We
are exposed to the risk that our employees, principal investigators, CROs and consultants may engage in fraudulent conduct or other illegal
activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities
to us that violate the regulations of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true,
complete, and accurate information to such authorities; healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad;
or laws that require the reporting of financial information or data accurately. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements
in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing
and other abusive practices. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of
clinical trials or creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions
and cause serious harm to our reputation. 

We
have a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees
and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown
or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure
to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person could allege such fraud or other misconduct,
even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our
rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative
penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs,
contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could
adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 

RISKS
RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

We
depend extensively on the patents and proprietary technology we license from others, and we must maintain these licenses in order to
preserve our business. 

We
have licensed rights to CA4P, OXi4503 and other programs from third parties. If our license agreements terminate or expire, we may
lose the licensed rights to our product candidates, including CA4P and OXi4503, and we may not be able to continue to develop them or,
if they are approved, we may not be able to market or commercialize them. 

31 

We
depend on license agreements with third-parties for certain intellectual property rights relating to our product candidates, including
patent rights. Currently, we have licensed certain patent rights from Arizona State University, or ASU, and the Bristol-Myers Squibb
Company for CA4P and OXi4503 and from Baylor University for other programs. In general, our license agreements require us to make payments
and satisfy performance obligations in order to keep these agreements in effect and retain our rights under them. These payment obligations
can include upfront fees, maintenance fees, milestones, royalties, patent prosecution expense, and other fees. These performance obligations
typically include diligence obligations. If we fail to pay, be diligent or otherwise perform as required under our license agreements,
we could lose the rights under the patents and other intellectual property rights covered by the agreements. While we are not currently
aware of any dispute with any licensors under our material agreements with them, if disputes arise under any of our in-licenses, including
our in-licenses from ASU, the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and Baylor University, we could lose our rights under these agreements. Any
such dispute may not be resolvable on favorable terms, or at all. Whether or not any disputes of this kind are favorably resolved, our
management s time and attention and our other resources could be consumed by the need to attend to and seek to resolve these disputes
and our business could be harmed by the emergence of such a dispute. 

If
we lose our rights under these agreements, we may not be able to conduct any further activities with the product candidate or program
that the license covered. If this were to happen, we might not be able to develop our product candidates further, or following regulatory
approval, if any, we might be prohibited from marketing or commercializing them. In particular, patents previously licensed to us, such
as the patents we previously licensed from Angiogene, might after termination be used to stop us from conducting activities in the patents 
respective fields. 

We
depend on patents and proprietary technology in the course of our business, and we must protect those assets in order to preserve our
business. 

Although
we expect to seek patent protection for any compounds we discover and/or for any specific use we discover for new or previously known
compounds, any or all of them may not be subject to effective patent protection. Further, the development of regimens for the administration
of pharmaceuticals, which generally involve specifications for the frequency, timing and amount of dosages, has been, and we believe,
may continue to be, important to our effort, although those processes, as such, may not be patentable. In addition, the issued patents
may be declared invalid, or our competitors may find ways to avoid the claims in the patents. Further, our lack of access to adequate
capital may cause us to curtail payment of fees necessary to maintain patents that we otherwise would seek to maintain, and we may make
incorrect decisions regarding which patents to keep and which to abandon. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patents, protect our trade secrets and operate without infringing
on the proprietary rights of others. We are the exclusive licensee, sole assignee, or co-assignee on a number of granted United States
patents, pending United States patent applications, and granted patents and/or pending applications in several other major markets, including
the European Union, Canada and Japan. The patent position of pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms like us is generally highly uncertain
and involves complex legal and factual questions, resulting in both an apparent inconsistency regarding the breadth of claims allowed
in United States patents and general uncertainty as to their legal interpretation and enforceability. Accordingly, patent applications
assigned or exclusively licensed to us may not result in patents being issued, any issued patents assigned or exclusively licensed to
us may not provide us with competitive protection or may be challenged by others, and the current or future granted patents of others
may have an adverse effect on our ability to do business and achieve profitability. Moreover, because some of the basic research relating
to one or more of our patent applications and/or patents were performed at various universities and/or funded by grants, one or more
of these universities, employees of such universities and/or grantors could assert that they have certain rights in such research and
any resulting products. Further, others may independently develop similar products, may duplicate our products, or may design around
our patent rights. In addition, as a result of the assertion of rights by a third-party or otherwise, we may be required to obtain licenses
to patents or other proprietary rights of others in or outside of the United States. Any licenses required under any such patents or
proprietary rights may not be made available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we do not obtain such licenses, we could encounter
delays in product market introductions while our attempts to design around such patents or could find that the development, manufacture,
or sale of products requiring such licenses is foreclosed. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits
brought against us or in connection with patents to which we hold licenses or in bringing suit to protect our own patents against infringement. 

32 

We
require employees and the institutions that perform our preclinical and clinical trials to enter into confidentiality agreements with
us. Those agreements provide that all confidential information developed or made known to a party to any such agreement during the course
of the relationship with us be kept confidential and not be disclosed to third-parties, except in specific circumstances. Any such agreement
may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other confidential information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure
of such information. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR STOCK AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

The
price of our common stock is volatile and is likely to continue to fluctuate due to reasons beyond our control; a limited public trading
market may cause volatility in the price of our common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock has been, and likely will continue to be, highly volatile. Factors, including our financial results
or our competitors financial results, clinical trial and research development announcements and government regulatory action
affecting our potential products in both the United States and foreign countries, have had, and may continue to have, a significant
effect on our results of operations and on the market price of our common stock. We cannot assure you that an investment in our
common stock will not fluctuate significantly. One or more of these factors could significantly harm our business and cause a
decline in the price of our common stock in the public market. Substantially all of the shares of our common stock issuable upon
exercise of outstanding options and warrants have been registered or are likely to be registered for resale or are available for
sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act and may be sold from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
246 million shares of common stock underlying currently outstanding convertible debt, warrants and options. Sales of any of these
shares on the market, as well as future sales of our common stock by existing stockholders, or the perception that sales may occur
at any time, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB Market. The quotation of our common stock on the OTCQB Market does not assure that a meaningful,
consistent, and liquid trading market currently exists, and in recent years such market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have particularly affected the market prices of many smaller companies like us. Our common stock is subject to this volatility.
Sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect prevailing market
prices of our common stock and our stock price may decline substantially in a short time and our stockholders could suffer losses or
be unable to liquidate their holdings. 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our
common stock. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology,
in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies
or the quality of the underlying assets. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above the
price you paid for such shares. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including but not limited to: 

reduction in
 stock price could indicate impairment of the goodwill and intangible assets; 

market conditions in the
 pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 

general economic, industry,
 and market conditions; and 

the other factors described
 in this Risk Factors section. 

We
will require additional capital funding, the receipt of which may impair the value of our common stock. 

Our
future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our research, development, sales, and marketing activities. We will need
to raise additional capital through public or private equity or debt offerings or through arrangements with strategic partners or other
sources in order to continue to develop our product candidates. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available when
needed or on terms satisfactory to us, if at all. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our shareholders
may experience substantial dilution and the new equity securities may have greater rights, preferences, or privileges than our existing
common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited,
which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had net tangible assets of 22.9 million and our common stock had a market price per share of less than 5.00.
As a result, transactions in our common stock are subject to the SEC s penny stock rules. The designation of our
common stock as a penny stock likely limits the liquidity of our common stock. Prices for penny stocks are often not available
to buyers and sellers and the market may be very limited. Penny stocks are among the riskiest equity investments. Broker-dealers who
sell penny stocks must provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the SEC. The document
provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny stock market. A broker must
also provide purchasers with bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson compensation and make a written
determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and obtain the purchaser s written agreement to the
purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. Because of the penny stock rules, there may be less trading
activity in penny stocks. Because shares of our common stock are currently subject to these penny stock rules, your ability to trade
or dispose of shares of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

33 

We
may not be able to achieve secondary trading of our stock in certain states because our common stock is no longer nationally traded,
which could subject our stockholders to significant restrictions and costs. 

Our
common stock is not currently eligible for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market or on a national securities exchange. Therefore, our
common stock is subject to the securities laws of the various states and jurisdictions of the United States in addition to federal securities
law. While we may register our common stock or qualify for exemptions for our common stock in one of more states, if we fail to do so
the investors in those states where we have not taken such steps may not be allowed to purchase our stock or those who presently hold
our stock may not be able to resell their shares without substantial effort and expense. These restrictions and potential costs could
be significant burdens on our stockholders. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business
and the trading price of our stock. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. If we cannot maintain effective
controls and reliable financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed. For example, our small size and limited
staffing levels do not allow for segregation of duties that exist at larger companies. We have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation,
our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. We continue to
work on remedying our weaknesses and maintaining effective internal controls over financial reporting; however, there can be no assurance
that a material weakness will not occur in the future, or our material weaknesses would be rectified. Any failure to implement and maintain
controls over our financial reporting or difficulties encountered in the implementation of improvements in our controls could cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Any failure to maintain our internal controls over financial reporting or to address identified
weaknesses in the future, if they were to occur, could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
which could have a negative impact on the trading price of our stock. 

Issuance
of additional equity securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
were authorized to issue up to 750,000,000 shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had 391,846,880 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, including 1,019,303 shares of common stock to be issued. As of December 31, 2022, we also had approximately 81
million warrants outstanding, approximately 26 million options and approximately 139 million shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of convertible notes. 

To
the extent that additional shares of common stock are issued, or options and warrants are exercised, holders of our common stock will
experience dilution. In addition, in the event of any future issuances of equity securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for common stock, holders of our common stock may experience dilution. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock without any action on the part of our stockholders. Our Board of Directors
also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights,
conversion rights, dividend rights, preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends or if we liquidate, dissolve, or wind
up our business and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our common stock with respect to
the payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute
the voting power of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decrease. Any provision permitting the conversion of
any such preferred stock into our common stock could result in significant dilution to the holders of our common stock. 

34 

We
also consider from time-to-time various strategic alternatives that could involve issuances of additional common or preferred stock,
including but not limited to acquisitions and business combinations. 

We
have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock, and you may not receive funds without selling your common stock. 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, nor do we expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for
the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any future earnings, if any, to finance our operations and growth and, potentially,
for future stock repurchases and, therefore, we have no plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to
pay cash dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent on our earnings, financial
condition, operating results, capital requirements, any contractual restrictions, and other factors that our board of directors deems
relevant. 

Accordingly,
you may have to sell some or all of your common stock in order to generate cash from your investment in the Company. You may not receive
a gain on your investment when you sell our common stock and may lose the entire amount of your investment. 

The
Company will require additional capital funding, the receipt of which may impair the value of our Common Stock and EdgePoint s
Common Stock. 

Our
future capital requirements and EdgePoint s future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our research, development,
sales, and marketing activities as well as the development of EdgePoint s business. We and EdgePoint will need to raise additional
capital through public or private equity or debt offerings or through arrangements with strategic partners or other sources in order
to continue to develop our product candidates. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available when needed or on
terms satisfactory to us or EdgePoint, if at all. To the extent we and/or EdgePoint raise additional capital by issuing equity securities,
our shareholders and EdgePoint s shareholders may experience substantial dilution and the new equity securities may have greater
rights, preferences, or privileges than our existing Common Stock and EdgePoint s Common Stock and the Securities contemplated to
be issued as described in this Confidential Offering Memorandum. 

GENERAL
RISK FACTORS 

Unfavorable
global epidemic or pandemic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
operations and the financial results of our operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in
the global financial markets. Global financial concerns have caused, and may continue to cause, extreme volatility and disruptions in
the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including
our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. We cannot currently anticipate all the ways in
which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

Our
business may suffer from the severity or longevity of the COVID-19 Global Outbreak. 

The
COVID-19 is currently impacting countries, communities, supply chains and markets, as well as the global financial markets. To date,
COVID-19 has not had a material impact on the Company, other than as set forth above. However, the Company cannot predict whether COVID-19
will have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations due to understaffing, disruptions in government spending,
among other factors. In addition, at this time we cannot predict the impact of COVID-19 on our ability to obtain the financing necessary
for the Company to fund its working capital requirements. In most respects, it is too early in the COVID-19 pandemic to be able to quantify
or qualify the longer-term ramifications on our business, our customers and/or our potential investors. 

35 

A
material amount of our assets represents intangible assets, and our net income would be reduced if our intangible assets became impaired. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our gross intangible assets from our 2019 PointR acquisition represented approximately 17 million, or approximately
43 of our total assets. Goodwill is generated in our acquisitions when the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net
tangible and identifiable intangible assets we acquire. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to an impairment
analysis at least annually based on fair value. Intangible assets relate primarily to in-process research and development (IPR D)
and patents acquired by us as part of our acquisitions of other companies and are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or
changes in circumstances exist that indicate that the carrying value of the intangible asset might not be recoverable. If market and
economic conditions or business performance deteriorate, the likelihood that we would record an impairment charge would increase, which
impairment charge could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. As the market capitalization of
our Company was adversely impacted due to a reduction in the stock price of our Common Stock, we recorded an impairment of approximately
 4.1 million on the Goodwill representing the difference in net assets over the fair value of the Company, based on our market capitalization. 

We,
or the third parties upon whom we depend, may be adversely affected by earthquakes or other natural disasters and our business continuity
and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious disaster. 

Earthquakes
or other natural disasters could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a
significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party
contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue
our business for a substantial period of time. The disaster recovery and business continuity plan we have in place may prove inadequate
in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of the limited nature of our disaster
recovery and business continuity plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
have formed a DAO company to operate with a DAO infrastructure within the rigor of a corporation. 

In
November 2022, the Company formed a DAO entity, Pet2DAO Inc., as a wholly owned subsidiary. Pet2DAO
is a DAO technology company, integrating the strong governance of traditional corporations with the innovative DAO architecture. The
Company will look to engage stakeholders, to build value through the DAO, while maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations,
including governance, compliance, and accountability through a team of veterans in public companies with innovators in AI,
blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO will initially be looking to develop products for the animal health space. The Company will
initially issue regular tokens and NFTs of Pet2DAO called PDAO to its employees, shareholders and KOLs and use the Tokens to propose
and vote on various animal health related programs. In the future, the Company will evaluate and plan to register these tokens with
the SEC to make such Tokens freely tradable at a future point in time. The Company cannot predict the outcome of Pet2DAO as an
entity, how investors will look at this new development, especially with what is happening in the crypto currency environment, the
success of the tokens, whether we will be able to register the tokens as securities or the success to make these tokens freely
tradable. Any failure of a DAO could cause investors of the Company to discontinue to be invested in the Company, and
which could have a negative impact on the trading price of our stock. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our
office is located in Agoura Hills, California, where we lease about 2,000 square feet of general office space. The lease for this office
is on a month-to-month basis. We consider our office space to be adequate for our current needs. We believe that other suitable office
space would be available if we moved to a different location upon the expiration of our current lease. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Historically, the outcome of
all such legal proceedings has not, in the aggregate, had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations or liquidity. Other than as set forth below, there is no additional material pending or threatened legal proceedings at this
time. 

One
of the Company s ex-employees has made a breach of employment contract claim against the Company. The Company and its legal
counsel are evaluating the validity of the claim, as the Company believes that such claim has limited merits and is hopeful to
attain a positive outcome for such claim. Since the Company and its legal counsel are still evaluating the claim, we are unable to
quantify the amount such claim would be settled at, if at all settled. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

The
Company s common stock trades on the OTCQB market, operated by OTC Markets, under the symbol OTLC . 

Holders 

As
of April 12, 2023, there were approximately 79 stockholders of record of the 392,871,880 outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock. 

Dividends 

The
Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock since its inception in 1988 and does not intend to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. The Company presently intends to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of
its business. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
relating to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance is presented in Part III, Item 12 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Unregistered
Sales of Securities 

No
unregistered securities were issued during the fiscal year that were not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current
Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report or Report includes a number of forward-looking
statements that reflect management s current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements
are projections in respect of future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations
of us and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. For a more detailed discussion
on our forward-looking statements, kindly refer to Forward Looking Statements prior to Item 1: Part I: Business contained
in this Annual Report. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, or performance. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors.
Some of these risks are included in the section entitled Risk Factors set forth in this Annual Report and in other reports
that we file with the SEC. The occurrence of any of these risks, or others of which we are currently unaware, may cause our company s
actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and without
limitation: 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize our products and services on a large enough scale to generate profitable operations; 

37 

our ability
 to maintain and develop relationships with customers and suppliers; 

our ability to successfully
 integrate acquired businesses or new products, or to realize anticipated synergies in connection with acquisitions of businesses
 or products; 

expectations concerning
 our ability to raise additional funding and to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to successfully
 implement our business plan; 

our
 ability to successfully operate GMP Biotechnology Limited GMP Bio ), our joint venture with Dragon Overseas
 Limited Dragon ), to develop our product portfolio, or to have a successful IPO for GMP Bio as planned; 

our ability to avoid, or
 to adequately address any intellectual property claims brought by third parties; and 

the anticipated
 impact of any changes in industry regulation. 

building
and the success of our nanoparticle platform and the related success of launching the platform 

the
success of the launch of a company with a DAO infrastructure, the success of the entity and the plans surrounding the pet and animal
health, the ability for the Company to register the tokens of Pet2Dao, the actual filing of a registration statement and approval of
the tokens as registrable securities with the SEC through a registration statement, the ability of the tokens to be tradable or any value
such tokens may have if they become tradable. 

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Annual Report and in our other reports filed with
the SEC. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of
unanticipated events or changes in the future operating results over time except as required by law. We believe that our assumptions
are based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations. No assurances are made that the actual results
of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our assumptions. 

Corporate
History 

Oncotelic
Therapeutics, Inc. (f/k/a Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.) Oncotelic ), was formed in the State of New York in 1988 as
OXiGENE, Inc., was reincorporated in the State of Delaware in 1992, and changed its name to Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. in 2016, and Oncotelic
Therapeutics, Inc. in November 2020. Oncotelic conducts business activities through Oncotelic and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Oncotelic,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, PointR Data, Inc. PointR ), a Delaware corporation, Pet2DAO Inc., a Delaware corporation
and EdgePoint AI, Inc. Edgepoint ), a Delaware Corporation for which there are non-controlling interests, (Oncotelic,
Oncotelic Inc., PointR, Pet2DAO and Edgepoint are collectively called the Company or We ). The Company
completed a reverse merger with Oncotelic Inc in April 2019, a merger with PointR in November 2019 and formed a subsidiary Edgepoint
in February 2020. For more information on these mergers, refer to our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15,
2021. 

Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation 

In
March 2021, the Company received approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority on its notice of corporate action to change
the name of the Company from Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. to Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc, and the Company s ticker symbol has changed
from MATN to OTLC . 

In
January 2021, the Company filed an additional amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter Amendment ),
with the Secretary of State for the State of Delaware, which Charter Amendment went effective immediately upon acceptance by the Secretary
of State for the State of Delaware. The Charter Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 150,000,000
shares to 750,000,000 shares. 

In
addition, the Company registered an additional total of 20,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, which may be issued pursuant to the Company s
Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). As such, the total number of shares of the Company s
Common Stock available for issuance under the 2015 plan is 27,250,000. 

38 

Company
Overview 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing drugs for the treatment of cancer. Our goal is to advance our drug candidates
into late-stage pivotal clinical trials and either sell marketing rights to a larger pharmaceutical company or seek FDA approval ourselves. 

The
Company is currently developing OT-101, through its joint venture JV with Dragon Overseas Capital Limited Dragon and GMP Biotechnology Limited GMP Bio ), both affiliates of Golden Mountain Partners GMP ),
for various cancers and COVID-19, Artemisinin for COVID-19 and AI technologies for clinical development and manufacturing. The Company
is also independently planning to develop OT-101 for certain animal health indications and contemplating using crypto currencies for
that platform. The Company has acquired apomorphine for Parkinson s Disease, erectile dysfunction and female sexual dysfunction.
In addition, the Company is evaluating the further development of its product candidates OXi4503 as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia
and myelodysplastic syndromes and CA4P in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment of advanced metastatic melanoma. 

In
2020, the Company had entered into an agreement and supplemental agreement with GMP for a total of 1.2 million to render services for
the development of OT-101 for COVID-19 and such amount was recorded as revenue upon completion of all performance obligations under the
agreement. Further, In June 2020, the Company secured 2 million in debt financing from GMP to conduct a clinical trial evaluating OT-101
against COVID-19. The Company discontinued enrollment in its OT-101 clinical trial in patients with COVID-19 in June 2021. In September
2021, the Company secured a further 1.5 million in debt from GMP to complete the study. The trial completed randomization of 32 out
of 36 patients planned on an intent to treat basis. The discontinuance of the trial was due to the continuing rise of more severe variants
in Latin America, leading to exhaustion of medical care infrastructure in Latin America. 

In
2020 and 2021, the Company was developing Artemisinin as a potential therapy for COVID-19. Artemisinin, purified from the plant Artemisia
annua . It can inhibit TGF- activity and is able to neutralize COVID-19. The Company initially conducted a study and the test
results during an in vitro study at Utah State University showed Artemisinin having an EC50 of 0.45 ug/ml, and a Safety Index of 140.
For more information on the development of Artemisinin, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15,
2022. 

Between
October 2021 and January 2022, GMP provided a further 1.0 million to the Company to fund operations on the way to complete a JV. In
March 2022, the Company formalized a JV with Dragon to form GMP Bio. For more information on the JV, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to
the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for this Annual Report. 

In
November 2022, the Company formed a Decentralized autonomous organization DAO entity, Pet2DAO, Inc. Pet2DAO ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary. A DAO is an emerging form of legal structure, that has no central
governing body, and whose members share a common goal to act in the best interest of the entity. Pet2DAO is a DAO technology company,
integrating the strong governance of traditional corporations with the innovative DAO architecture. The Company will look to engage stakeholders,
to build value through the DAO, while maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations, including governance, compliance, and accountability
through a team of veterans in public companies with innovators in AI, blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO will initially be looking to
develop products for the animal health space. The Company will initially issue regular tokens and non-fungible tokens NFT 
and cumulatively Tokens of Pet2DAO called PDAO to its employees, shareholders, and key opinion leaders KOLs and use the Tokens to propose and vote on various animal health related programs. In the future, the Company will evaluate and plan to
register these tokens with the SEC to make such Tokens freely tradable at a future point in time. 

Since
April 2019, we have been operating under significant capital constraints, which has curtailed our ability to achieve meaningful progress
in either of the Company s two clinical programs one of which is developing OXi4503 as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia
and myelodysplastic syndromes and the other of which is developing CA4P in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment
of advanced metastatic melanoma. We believe that the merger of Oncotelic and Oncotelic Inc. creates a combined company that has potential
to generate shareholder value through a promising pipeline of next generation immunotherapies targeting several significant cancer markets
where there is a lack of therapeutic options and lack of an effective immunotherapy protocol. 

39 

Research
Service Agreement between GMP and the Company 

When
COVID-19 emerged in China, the Company and GMP contemplated a collaboration to develop drug candidates for COVID-19. Oncotelic Inc. and
GMP entered into a research and services agreement (the GMP Research Agreement in February 2020 memorializing their
collaborative efforts to develop and test COVID-19 antisense therapeutics (the GMP Agreement Product ). In March
2020, the Company reported the anti-viral activity of OT-101 its lead drug candidate currently in phase 3 testing in pancreatic
cancer and glioblastoma. In an in vitro antiviral testing performed by an independent laboratory, OT-101 had an 50 effective concentration
(EC50) of 7.6 g/mL and is not toxic at the highest dose of 1000 g/mL giving a safety index (SI) value of >130, which
is considered highly active. Further in March 2020, the Company and GMP entered into a supplement to the GMP Research Agreement (the
 GMP Research Supplement to confirm the inclusion of OT-101 within the scope of the GMP Research Agreement as a
GMP Agreement Product, pending positive confirmatory testing against COVID-19. In April 2020, the Company announced that it had delivered
the requisite testing results to GMP confirming the applicability and potential use of OT-101 for the treatment of COVID-19. OT-101 exhibited
potent activity against both COVID-19 and SARS with a robust safety index of >500. Also, the Company has submitted a Pre-Investigational
New Drug application package to the Food and Drug Administration. 

In
consideration for the financial support provided to GMP for the research, pursuant to the terms of the GMP Research Agreement (as amended
by the GMP Research Supplement), GMP was entitled to obtain certain exclusive rights to the use of the GMP Agreement Product in the COVID
Field on a global basis, and an economic interest in the use of the GMP Agreement Product in the COVID-19 Field including profit sharing
to be decided. For more information on the collaborations with GMP, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC
on April 15, 2022. In March 2022, the Company entered into a JV transaction with Dragon to form GMP Bio, both entities being affiliates
of GMP. Dragon and the Company will own in a / ratio, respectively, and its principal activities shall be to research, develop, bring
to market and commercialize: (i) the GMP Agreement Products in the COVID-19 Field on a global basis, (ii) the GMP Agreement Products
in the OT-101 Oncology Field in the territory set forth above, and if GMP so decides to include (iii) OXi4503 in the territory set forth
above; and (iv) CA4P in the territory set forth above. 

In
June 2020, the Company secured a 2 million in debt financing, evidenced by a one-year secured convertible note (the GMP
Note from GMP, to conduct a clinical trial evaluating OT-101 against COVID-19 bearing 2 annual interest, and is
personally guaranteed by Dr. Vuong Trieu, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The GMP Note was convertible into the
Company s Common Stock upon the GMP Note s maturity one year from the date of the GMP Note, at the Company s
Common Stock price on the date of conversion with no discount. GMP does not have the option to convert prior to the GMP Note s
maturity at the end of one year. GMP has extended the maturity of the GMP Note to December 31, 2023, with no concessions granted to
GMP for such extension. Such financing was utilized solely to fund the clinical trial. 

In
September 2021, the Company secured a further 1.5 million in debt financing, evidenced by a one-year unsecured convertible note (the
 GMP Note 2 from GMP, bearing 2 annual interest, to fund the same clinical trial evaluating OT-101 against COVID-19. All the terms of the GMP
Notes 2 are the same as the GMP Note. Such financing will be utilized solely to fund the COVID-19 clinical trial. As of December 31,
2022, GMP was invoiced by the clinical research organization for 1.5 million. GMP paid the clinical trial organization 1.0 million
against the billing. GMP has extended the maturity of the GMP Note 2 to December 31, 2023, with no concessions granted to GMP for such
extension. Such financing was utilized solely to fund the clinical trial. 

In
October 2021, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the October Purchase
Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of 0.5 million (the October 2021 Note ), bearing 2 annual interest, which October 2021 Note is convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock. The terms of all the notes are identical to the GMP Note 2. GMP has
extended the maturity of the October 2021 Note to December 31, 2023, with no concessions granted to GMP for such extension. Such
financing was utilized solely to fund the clinical trial. 

40 

In
January 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the January Purchase
Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of 0.5 million (the January 2022 Note ), bearing 2 annual interest, which January 2022 Note is convertible
into shares of the Company s Common Stock. The terms of all the notes are identical to the GMP Note 2. GMP has
extended the maturity of the January 2022 Note to December 31, 2023, with no concessions granted to GMP for such extension. Such
financing was utilized solely to fund the clinical trial. 

Cumulatively,
the GMP Note, GMP Note 2, October 2021 Note and January 2022 Note are referred to as the GMP Notes . 

Joint
Venture 

On
March 31, 2022, the Company entered into (i) a JV agreement with Dragon and GMP Bio (and the Company, Dragon and GMP Bio are collectively
called the Parties (the JVA ), (ii) a license agreement for rights to OT-101 (the US
License Agreement for the territory within the United States of America (the US with Sapu Holdings,
LLC, a subsidiary of GMP Bio and (iii) a license agreement for rights to OT-101 for the rest of the world with GMP Bio (the Ex-US
Rights Agreement , and the US License Agreement and the Ex-US License Agreement are collectively called the Agreements ). 

The
Company determined that the arrangement does not meet the accounting definition of a joint venture. Subsequently, we analyzed our investment
and determined that such investment was not considered a VIE, which would require consolidation. Besides, the Company does not have the
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the JV. The Company does not control the JV
through majority ownership interest or Board participation. As such, the Company followed the guidance in ASC 610-20 regarding the sale
of nonfinancial assets to noncustomers when retaining a non-controlling ownership interest in such assets. The Company is deemed to have
substantially transferred the actual intellectual property related to OT-101 as the investee can benefit from the risk and rewards of
ownership of such intellectual property. This resulted in the derecognition of the carrying amount of our intangible assets for approximately
 0.8 million and goodwill for 4.9 million for an aggregate amount of approximately 5.7 million, recorded its initial investment at
its fair value for approximately 22.6 million and which resulted in a non-cash gain on non-financial asset disposal of approximately
 17 million, which was reported in other income in the condensed consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December
31, 2022. The Company elected the fair value option under subsection of Section 825-10-15 to account for its equity-method investment
as the Company believes that the fair value option is most appropriate for a company in the biotechnology industry, The fair value option
is more appropriate for companies that are involved in extensive and usually very expensive research and development efforts, which are
not appropriately reflected in the market value or reflective of the true value of the development activities of the company. 

This
JV is a significant milestone in the history of the Company. It permits the Company to monetize and develop the assets it holds, by minimal
to no shareholder dilution. This transaction allows us to unburden the Company of the high cost of drug development, which the JV will
be responsible for, while the Company will participate in its upside through appreciation in the value of its shares in the JV and up
to a potential of 50 million on the sale of the RPD voucher following marketing approval of OT-101 for DIPG. Dragon has agreed to invest
cash and other assets with a value of approximately 27.6 million for 55 ownership of the JV; and Oncotelic has granted the License
to the JV for 45 ownership in the JV for a fair value of about 22.6 million. The cash contributions by Dragon will allow the JV to
commence the development of OT-101. 

For
information on the JV, refer to Note 6 Joint Venture and GMP of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements below. 

License
Agreement with Autotelic, Inc. 

On
September 30, 2021, Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the
 License Agreement with Autotelic, Inc. Autotelic ), pursuant to which Autotelic granted Oncotelic
the exclusive right and license to certain Autotelic Patents (as defined in the Agreement) and Autotelic Know-How (as defined in the
License Agreement) and a right of first refusal to acquire at least a majority of the outstanding capital stock of Autotelic. For more
information on the License Agreement, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

41 

Private
Placement through JH Darbie Co., Inc. 

Between
July 2020 and March 2021, the Company offered and sold certain units Units in a private placement through JH Darbie
 Co., Inc. JH Darbie ), with each unit consisting of: (i) 25,000 shares of Edgepoint common stock, par value
 0.01 per share Edgepoint Common Stock ), for a price of 1.00 per share of Edgepoint Common Stock; (ii) one convertible
promissory note issued by the Company (the Unit Note ), convertible into up to 25,000 shares of EdgePoint Common
Stock at a conversion price of 1.00 per share, or up to 138,889 shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a conversion price of
 0.18 per share; and (iii) 100,000 warrants (the Warrants ), consisting of (a) 50,000 warrants to purchase an equivalent
number of shares of EdgePoint Common Stock at 1.00 per share Edgepoint Warrant ), and (b) 50,000 warrants to purchase
an equivalent number of shares of Company Common Stock at 0.20 per share Oncotelic Warrant (the sale of Units
is hereinafter, the JH Darbie Financing ). In total, as of December 31, 2021, the Company had issued and sold a total
of 100 Units, resulting in gross proceeds of 5 million to the Company. JH Darbie earned 0.65 million and 10 Units in fees as the private
placement agent. 

In
June 2021, the Company and the Investors agreed to extend the maturity date of the Notes from June 30, 2021, to March 31, 2022. In
addition, the Company and JH Darbie identified an error in the Oncotelic Warrants and JH Darbie Financing documents which intended
to have the investors purchase 50,000 of shares of Common Stock or Edgepoint Common Stock. However, the Company only issued 50,000
Oncotelic Warrants, with an aggregate exercise price of 10,000. The error was corrected by the Company and the Company issued to
the Investors an aggregate of 20.0 million additional Oncotelic Warrants, and 2.0 million additional Oncotelic Warrants to J.H.
Darbie, as placement agent. Each Investor was entitled to receive 200,000 additional Oncotelic Warrants for each Unit
purchased. 

In
February 2022, the Company and 99 units out of 100 of the Investors agreed to extend the maturity date of the notes connected to the
Units from March 31, 2022, to March 31, 2023. In addition, the Company issued approximately 33 million warrants to purchase 50,000
of shares of common stock of the Company in connection with agreeing to extend the maturity date by one year. The 99 units were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Peak
One Equity Purchase Agreement 

In
May 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the EPL and Registration Rights Agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. Peak One ), pursuant to
which the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct Peak One, to purchase up to 10.0 million (the Maximum
Commitment Amount in shares of the Company s Common Stock. For more information for the EPL, refer to our 2021 Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
Company filed a post-effective amendment to reregister the EPL on April 26, 2022, and the post-effective amendment was found effective
by the SEC on May 6, 2022. Since the EPL was made effective in June 2021 till September 30, 2022, the Company has directed Peak One,
on multiple occasions, for an aggregate of 4.7 million shares of Common Stock for aggregate net cash proceeds of approximately 0.6 million. 

Paycheck
Protection Program 

In
April 2020, the Company received loan proceeds in the amount of 250,000 under the Paycheck Protection Program 1 st PPP which was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act and is administered by
the Small Business Administration SBA ). 

The
Company met the 1 st PPP loan forgiveness requirements and applied for forgiveness; and the Company received the 1 st 
PPP loan forgiveness approval in August 2021 from the lender and wrote off the loan outstanding amount inclusive of interest accrued,
in the amount of approximately 0.25 million. 

In
July 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, PointR, received loan proceeds in the amount of 92,995 under the PPP 2 nd
 PPP ). The 2 nd PPP was at terms similar to the 1 st PPP. The Company met the 2 nd PPP
loan forgiveness requirements and received the 2 nd PPP loan forgiveness approval from the lender on December 8, 2021 and wrote
off the loan outstanding amount inclusive of interest accrued, in the amount of approximately 0.1 million. For more information on the
PPP loans, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42 

August
2021 Notes 

In
August 2021, the Company entered into Note Purchase Agreements with Autotelic, the Company s CFO, and certain other accredited
investors. Under the terms of the Note Purchase Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 698,500 (the Principal Amount in debt in the form of unsecured convertible promissory notes (collectively, the August 2021 Notes ). For more information
on the August 2021 Notes, refer to Note 5 of the current Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

November
/ December 2021 and March 2022 Financing 

In
November and December 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreement with five institutional investors, whereby the
Company issued five convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of 1,250,000 convertible into shares of common stock of the
Company. The convertible notes carry a twelve (12 percent coupon and a default coupon of 16 and mature at the earliest of one
year from issuance or upon event of default. Investors have the right at any time following issuance date to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into the Company s common stock at a conversion price established at a fixed
rate of 0.07. As of December 31, 2022, these notes are in default and payable immediately. However, the Company has not received
notification of default from the lender. The Company granted a total number of 9,615,385 warrants convertible into an equivalent
number of the Company common shares at a strike price of 0.13 up to five years after issuance. The Placement agent was also granted
a total amount of 125,000 warrants as part of a finder s fee agreement. 

In
January 2022, three of the five note holders under the November / December 2021 Notes exercised their warrants to purchase shares of
Common Stock of the Company on a cashless basis. As such, the Company issued the note holders 3,041,958 shares of Common
Stock. 

In
March 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, pursuant to which the Company issued
convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 0.25 million, which Note is convertible into shares of the
Company s Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default due
to cross default provision contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This Note was undertaken by
the Company pursuant to the Darbie Agreement. 

In June 2022, Mast fully converted their November 2021 Note, for which the company
issued 4,025,000 shares of Common Stock. 

In
August 2022, the Company converted 140,000 of Fourth
Man Note into 2,025,000 shares of common stock. 

In
September 2022, the Company converted 68,250 of Blue Lake note into 1,428,571 shares of common stock. 

In
October 2022, Fourth Man exercised their warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company on a cashless basis. As such, the
Company issued the note holder 912,162 shares of Common Stock. 

In
December 2022, the Company partially converted 50,000
of Fourth Man Note into 739,285 shares of Common Stock. 

In
February 2023, the Company partially converted 71,750 of Blue Lake Note into 1,025,000 shares of Common Stock. 

May
2022 Note 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast, pursuant to which the Company issued convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 0.6 million, which note is convertible into shares of the Company s
Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default due to cross default
provision contained in November / December 2021 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default due to cross
default provision contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This note was used to fully repay November 2021 Talos note and
the December 2021 First Fire note. 35,000 of the First Fire Note was converted into 500,000 shares of Common Stock and the balance
was repaid in cash. 

43 

June
2022 Note 

In
June 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake, pursuant to which the Company issued convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 0.34 million, which note is convertible into shares of the Company s
Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default due to cross default
provision contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This note was utilized
for corporate expenses. 

Short-term
loans 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s CFO, a related Party, provided short term advances of approximately 45,000. 20,000
was repaid to the CFO in January 2022. As such approximately 25,000 was outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

During
the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s CFO and the Bridge Investor provided short term loans of
 25,000 and 50,000, respectively to the Company. Such loans were repaid as of March 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the CFO provided a total of approximately 120,000, of which 75,000 was converted into the August 2021 Notes. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company received approximately 630,000 primarily from two bridge investors, of which 373,500 was converted into
the August 2021 Notes, and 20,000 was repaid. Approximately 243,000 was outstanding as short-term advances to bridge investors as of
December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Autotelic Inc. provided a short-term funding of 120,000 to the Company, which was repaid in 2021.
In May 2021, Autotelic provided an additional short-term funding of 250,000 to the Company, which was converted into the August 2021
Notes. Autotelic provided an additional 20,000 short-term loan to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Autotelic provided
an additional 100,000 short term loan to the company and as such, 120,000 was outstanding and payable to Autotelic at December 31,
2022. 

Pet2DAO 

In
November 2022, the Company formed a Decentralized autonomous organization DAO entity, Pet2DAO, Inc. Pet2DAO ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary. A DAO is an emerging form of legal structure, that has no central governing body, and whose members share
a common goal to act in the best interest of the entity. Pet2DAO is a DAO technology company, integrating the strong governance of traditional
corporations with the innovative DAO architecture. The Company will look to engage stakeholders, to build value through the DAO, while
maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations, including governance, compliance, and accountability through a team of veterans in
public companies with innovators in AI, blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO will initially be looking to develop products for the animal health
space. The Company will initially issue regular tokens and non-fungible tokens NFT and cumulatively Tokens of Pet2DAO, called PDAO, to its employees, shareholders, and key opinion leaders KOLs and use the Tokens to propose
and vote on various animal health related programs. In the future, the Company will evaluate and plan to register these tokens with the
SEC to make such Tokens freely tradable at a future point in time. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expense during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time we make such
estimates. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from our estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We periodically review our
estimates considering changes in circumstances, facts, and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected in
the financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described
in Note 2 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

We
define our critical accounting policies as those accounting principles that require us to make subjective estimates and judgments about
matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations, as well as
the specific manner in which we apply those principles. We believe the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial
statements that require significant estimates and judgments are the following: 

44 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company reviews long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the
forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of the operation to which the assets relate to the carrying amount. If the operation is determined
to be unable to recover the carrying amount of its assets, then these assets are written down first, followed by other long-lived assets
of the operation to fair value. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending on the nature
of the assets. 

Intangible
Assets 

The
Company records its intangible assets at cost in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. The Company reviews
the intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or if events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not
that they are impaired. These events could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, a decline in operating
performance, competition, sale, or disposition of a significant portion of the business, or other factors. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired business over the estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.
Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least once annually, at the reporting unit level or more frequently if events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The goodwill impairment test is applied by performing a qualitative
assessment before calculating the fair value of the reporting unit. If, on the basis of qualitative factors, it is considered not more
likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, further testing of goodwill for impairment
would not be required. Otherwise, goodwill impairment is tested using a two-step approach. 

The
first step involves comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of the reporting unit is
determined to be greater than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying amount is determined
to be greater than the fair value, the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. The second step involves
calculating the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets, excluding goodwill,
of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as determined in step one. The implied fair value of the goodwill in
this step is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value of
the goodwill, an impairment loss equivalent to the difference is recorded. 

Convertible
Instruments 

The
Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815 Derivatives
and Hedging . 

ASC
815 generally provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and
account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic
characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and
risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is
not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported
in earnings as they occur, and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered
a derivative instrument. Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional
as defined under professional standards. 

The
Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from
their host instruments) in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options. Accordingly,
the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments
based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the
effective conversion price embedded in the note. Original issue discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the
related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records, when necessary, deemed dividends for the intrinsic value
of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at
the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. 

45 

ASC
815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity provides that, among other things, generally,
if an event is not within the entity s control could or require net cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an
asset or a liability. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments Indexed to the Company s Common Stock 

We
have generally issued derivative financial instruments, such as warrants, in connection with our equity offerings. We evaluate the terms
of these derivative financial instruments in order to determine their accounting treatment in our financial statements. Key considerations
include whether the financial instruments are freestanding and whether they contain conditional obligations. If the warrants are freestanding,
do not contain conditional obligations and meet other classification criteria, we account for the warrants as an equity instrument. However,
if the warrants contain conditional obligations, then we account for the warrants as a liability until the conditional obligations are
met or are no longer relevant. Because no established market prices exist for the warrants that we issue in connection with our equity
offerings, we must estimate the fair value of the warrants, which is as inherently subjective as it is for stock options, and for similar
reasons as noted in the stock-based compensation section above. For financial instruments which are accounted for as a liability, we
report any changes in their estimated fair values as gains or losses in our Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Variable
Interest Entity (VIE) Accounting 

We
evaluate our ownership, contractual relationships and other interests in entities to determine the nature and extent of the interests,
whether such interests are variable interests and whether the entities are VIEs in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidations. These evaluations
can be complex and involve Management judgment as well as the use of estimates and assumptions based on available historical information,
among other factors. Based on these evaluations, if the Company determines that it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the entity is
consolidated into the financial statements. 

Investments
- Equity Method 

The
Company accounts for equity method investments at cost, adjusted for the Company s share of the investee s earnings or losses,
which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary
declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. 

The
Investment in GMP Bio represents the investment into equity securities for which the Company elected the fair value option pursuant to
ASC 825-10-15 and subsequent fair value changes in the GMP Bio shares are included in the result from continuing operations. Refer to
Note 6 of these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Joint
Venture agreement 

We
have equity interest in unconsolidated arrangement that is primarily engaged in the business of drug discovery, development, and commercialization,
including but not limited to development and commercialization of TGF-beta therapeutics as well as establishing and operating contract
development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) facilities and capabilities. The Company first reviewed the arrangement to determine
if it meets the definition of an accounting joint venture pursuant to ASC 323-10-20. In order to meet the definition of a joint venture,
the arrangement must have all of the following characteristics, (i) the arrangement is organized within a separate legal entity, (ii)
the entity is under the joint control of the venturers, (iii) the venturers must be able to exercise joint control through their equity
investments, (iv) the qualitative characteristics of the entity, including its purpose and design must be consistent with the definition
of a joint venture 

We
consolidate arrangements that are considered to be VIEs where we are the primary beneficiary. We analyze our investments in joint ventures
to determine if the joint venture is considered a VIE and would require consolidation. We (i) evaluate the sufficiency of the total equity
investment at risk, (ii) review the voting rights and decision-making authority of the equity investment holders as a group and whether
there are limited partners (or similar owning entities) that lack substantive participating or kick out rights, guaranteed returns, protection
against losses, or capping of residual returns within the group and (iii) establish whether activities within the venture are on behalf
of an investor with disproportionately few voting rights in making this VIE determination. 

46 

To
the extent that we own interests in a VIE and we (i) have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic
performance of the VIE and (ii) have the obligation or rights to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant
to the VIE, then we would be determined to be the primary beneficiary and would consolidate the VIE. To the extent that we own interests
in a VIE, then at each reporting period, we re-assess our conclusions as to which, if any, party within the VIE is considered the primary
beneficiary. 

To
the extent that our arrangements do not qualify as VIEs, they are consolidated if we control them through majority ownership interests
or if we are the managing entity (general partner or managing member) and our partner does not have substantive participating rights.
Control is further demonstrated by our ability to unilaterally make significant operating decisions, refinance debt, and sell the assets
of the joint venture without the consent of the non-managing entity and the inability of the non-managing entity to remove us from our
role as the managing entity. 

We
use the equity method of accounting for those arrangements where we exercise significant influence but do not have control. Under the
equity method of accounting, our investment in each arrangement is included on our consolidated balance sheet; however, the assets and
liabilities of the joint ventures for which we use the equity method are not included on our consolidated balance sheet. 

When
we sell or contribute properties to unconsolidated arrangements and retain a non-controlling ownership interest in such assets, we recognize
the difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the asset sold or contributed when its derecognition criteria
are met. The equity method investment we retain in such partial sale transactions is noncash consideration and is measured at fair value.
As a result, the accounting for a partial sale will result in the recognition of a full gain or loss. 

When
circumstances indicate there may have been a reduction in the value of an equity investment, we evaluate whether the loss in value is
other than temporary. If we conclude it is other than temporary, we recognize an impairment charge to reflect the equity investment at
fair value. 

The
Company elected the fair value option under the fair value option Subsection of Section 825-10-15 to account for its equity-method investment. 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and development expense consists of costs we incur for the development of our investigational drugs and, to a lesser extent, for preclinical
research activities. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expense include clinical trial
costs, salaries, and benefits of employees, including associated stock-based compensation, payments to clinical investigators, drug manufacturing
costs, laboratory supplies and facility costs. Clinical trial costs are a significant component of our research and development expenses,
and these can be difficult to accurately estimate. Included in clinical trial costs are fees paid to other entities that conduct certain
research and development activities on our behalf, such as clinical research organizations, or CROs. We estimate clinical trial expense
based on the services performed pursuant to contracts with research institutions such as CROs and the actual clinical investigators.
These estimates are based on actual time and expenses incurred by the CRO and the clinical investigators. Also included in clinical trial
expense are costs based on the level of patient enrollment into the clinical trial and the actual services performed under the related
clinical trial agreement. Changes in clinical trial assumptions, such as the length of time estimated to enroll all patients, rate of
screening failures, patient drop-out rates, number and nature of adverse event reports and the total number of patients enrolled can
impact the average and expected cost per patient and the overall cost of the clinical trial. Based on patient enrollment reports and
services provided, we may periodically adjust estimates for the clinical trial costs. If we do not identify costs that we have begun
to incur or if we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed, the length of time for these services or the costs of
these services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates. 

47 

Share-Based
Compensation 

We
record the estimated fair value of all share-based payments issued to employees and other service providers. Our share-based payments
consist primarily of stock options. The valuation of stock options is an inherently subjective process, since market values are not available
for any stock options in our equity securities. Market values are also not available on long-term, non-transferable stock options in
other equity securities. With no market values on options to trade in our common stock and no comparable market values on any long-term
non-transferable stock options, the process of valuing our stock options is even more uncertain and subjective. Accordingly, we use a
Black-Scholes option pricing model to derive an estimated fair value of the stock options which we issue. The Black-Scholes option pricing
model requires certain input assumptions, including the expected term of the options and the expected volatility of our common stock.
Changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on the estimated fair value that we record for share-based payments that we
issue. We determine the term of the options based on the simplified method, which averages the vesting period and the contractual life
of the stock option. We determine the expected volatility based on the historical volatility of our common stock over a period commensurate
with the option s expected term. The Black-Scholes option pricing model also requires assumptions for risk-free interest rates
and the expected dividend yield of our common stock, but we feel that these values are more objective and note that changes in these
values do not have a significant impact on the estimated value of the options when compared to the volatility and term assumptions. 

We
are also required to estimate the level of award forfeitures expected to occur and record compensation expense only for those awards
that are ultimately expected to vest. Accordingly, we perform a historical analysis of option awards that are forfeited prior to vesting,
and record total stock option expense that reflects this estimated forfeiture rate. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

A
comparison of the Company s operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, is as follows. 

2022 
 2021 
 Variance 
 
 Operating expense: 

Research and development 
 756,910 
 3,658,617 
 (2,901,707 
 
 General and administrative 
 4,853,664 
 5,467,266 
 (613,602 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 4,111,079 
 - 
 4,111,079 
 
 Total operating expense 
 9,721,653 
 9,125,883 
 (595.770 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (9,721,653 
 (9,125,883 
 595,770 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (2,971,046 
 (2,002,813 
 (968,233 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 
 346,761 
 (346,761 
 
 Reimbursement for expenses related party 
 533,485 
 - 
 533,485 
 
 Gain on derecognition of non-financial asset 
 16,951,477 
 - 
 16,951,477 
 
 Loss on debt conversion 
 (257,810 
 (27,504 
 (230,306 
 
 Change in the value of derivatives on debt 
 142,150 
 292,149 
 (149,999 
 
 Net income (loss) before controlling interests 
 4,676,603 
 (10,517,290 
 15,193,894 

Net
Loss 

We
recorded a net income of approximately 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of approximately
 10.5 million for the same period in 2021. The lower loss of approximately 15.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
compared to the same period of 2021 was primarily due to recording a non-cash gain of 16.9 million in connection with derecognition
of non-financial asset related to the JV, reimbursement for expenses from a related party of 0.5 million, lower operational
expenses of approximately 3.5 million, excluding goodwill impairment, and lower change in value of derivatives on debt. This gain was offset by recording an
impairment of approximately 4.1 million on goodwill, which was created upon the acquisition of PointR, due the lower market
capitalization of our Company as compared to our net assets (see Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), higher
interest expense by approximately 1.0 million, lower PPP loan forgiveness of approximately 0.3 million and approximately 0.2
million of a higher loss recorded on conversion of debt. 

48 

Research
and Development Expense 

Research
and Development R D expense decreased by approximately 2.9 million, to approximately 0.76 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately 3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The reduction in the R D
activities cost is primarily due to reduced clinical trial costs of 1.8 million for the trials for OT-101 and Artemisinin, decreased
compensation cost of approximately 1 million and 0.17 million for lower operational costs as these costs have been borne by our JV. 

Now
that we have formed a joint venture with GMP Bio, whereby we are able to transfer the responsibility of our drug development program
to the JV, we expect to increase research and development activities related to apomorphine, including the initiation of new clinical
trials for our other oncology indications as well continuing or expanding on the trials and development of AI based tools and applications
for OT-101 and Artemisinin for COVID-19 and other epidemics, and therefore believe that research and development expense may increase
in the future, subject to our continuing ability to secure sufficient funding to continue planned operations. 

General
and Administrative Expense 

General
and administrative G A expense decreased by approximately 0.6 million, to approximately 4.8 million for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately 5.5 million for the same period of 2021. The decrease in G A
expenses was primarily due to an increase of approximately 0.7 million of non-cash stock-compensation expenses, offset by lower
compensation costs of approximately 0.8 million and lower legal and professional costs of approximately 0.5 million. 

Now
that we have formed a joint venture with GMP Bio, we may be able to transfer the responsibility of some or most of our G A expenses
to the joint venture, we may see an increase in G A expenses, subject to our continuing ability to secure sufficient funding to continue
planned operations. 

Goodwill
Impairment 

We
recorded a goodwill impairment of approximately 4.1 million on the approximately 16.2 million goodwill, which we recorded upon our
acquisition of PointR, for the year ended December 31, 2022. No similar impairment was recorded for the same period of 2021. 

During
the third and fourth quarters of 2022, we concluded that the steep decline of our stock price, the market capitalization of our Company,
and the general economic conditions, which adversely impacted the majority of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry, were indicative
of a potential impairment of our goodwill. While we evaluated and concluded that the AI technologies related to the PointR acquisition
are not adversely impacted, and the Company continues to develop other AI technologies, the significant reduction of our market capitalization
required us to record an impairment on the goodwill to the extent of the difference between the net assets of the Company over the fair
value based on the market capitalization. 

Interest
Expense 

We
recorded interest expense, including amortization of debt costs, of approximately 3.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, in connection with debt raised from the various convertible notes and a private placement memorandum as compared to 2.0
million on convertible notes and a portion of the private placement memorandum for the same period of 2021. 

PPP
Loan Forgiveness 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a PPP Loan Forgiveness of approximately 0.35 million. No similar forgiveness was recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Reimbursement
of expenses 

The
Company was reimbursed approximately 0.5 million, by Autotelic Inc. a related party, during the year ended December 31, 2022 for
expenses incurred by the Company on behalf of our JV. No similar reimbursement was made during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Gain
on Derecognition of Non-financial Asset 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of approximately 16.9 million on the sale of our non-financial asset upon the transfer
of OT-101 as our capital contribution for the JV. We adopted the fair value measurements under the equity method and the gain was net
of the fair value of the asset of approximately 22.6 million as reduced by the removal of the value of the intangibles of approximately
 0.8 million for OT-101 and the value of the goodwill of 4.9 million recorded at the time of the 2019 Merger with Oncotelic Inc. No
similar gain was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

49 

Loss
on Conversion of Debt 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a loss on conversion of debt of approximately 0.3 million related to the difference in
fair value to the price at which the debt was converted. We had recorded a similar loss of 28 thousand for the debt conversion by Peak
One and TFK in 2021. 

Change
in value of derivatives 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of 0.1 million due to the change in value of derivatives on the notes issued to
our CEO and the bridge investors. Correspondingly, during the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a gain of 0.3 million due to
the change in value of derivatives on the notes issued to our CEO and the bridge investors. 

Liquidity,
Financial Condition and Capital Resources s in 000 s) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash, including restricted cash 
 261 
 589 
 
 Working capital 
 (16,620 
 (14,828 
 
 Stockholders Equity 
 19,193 
 8,158 

The
Company has experienced net losses every year since inception and as of December 31, 2022, had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 25.9 million, including approximately 4.1 million goodwill impairment recorded during the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 0.3 million in cash and current liabilities of approximately 16.9
million, of which approximately 1.3 million are net assumed liabilities of the Company as part of the Oncotelic Inc. reverse merger,
 4.1 million of debt related to debt for conducting clinical trials for OT-101 from GMP and 2.6 million is contingent liability to issue
common shares of the Company to PointR shareholders upon achievement of certain milestones. The Company does not expect to generate any
meaningful revenue from product sales or licensing in the near future and expects to incur additional operating losses over the next
several years, primarily as a result of the Company s plans to continue clinical trials for its investigational drugs. Since the Company successfully formed the joint venture with Dragon Overseas and GMP Bio, all costs associated with developing the assets licensed to the JV and a substantial portion of the G A expenses will shift
over to the JV and hence the Company may be able to reduce its expenses. The Company s limited capital resources, history of recurring
losses and uncertainties as to whether the Company s operations will become profitable raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained in this report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability
of assets or classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
principal source of the Company s working capital deficit to date has been the issuance of convertible notes, a substantial part
of which has been provided by officers and certain insiders. The Company will need to raise additional capital in order to fund its operations
and continue development of product candidates. The Company is evaluating the options to further the development of the Company s
lead product candidate, Apomorphine for Parkinsons Disease, erectile dysfunction, and female sexual dysfunction; OT-101 for both cancer
and COVID-19, Artemisinin for COVID-19, developing AI technologies to support the COVID-19 therapies; in addition to evaluating the development
pathway of its product candidates; OXi4503 and/or CA4P. 

The
Company anticipates raising substantial additional capital through the sale of equity securities and/or debt, but no new financing arrangements
are in place at this time. 

If
the Company is unable to access additional funds when needed, it may not be able to continue the development of these investigational
drugs and the Company could be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of its development programs and operations. Any
additional equity financing, if available, would be dilutive to the current stockholders and may not be available on favorable terms.
Additional debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants and could also be dilutive. The Company s ability to
access capital is not assured and, if access is not achieved on a timely basis, would materially harm the Company s financial condition,
the value of its common stock and its business prospects. 

50 

Cash
Flows s in 000s) 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,453 
 (4,434 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,125 
 4,529 
 
 Increase/ (decrease) in cash 
 (327 
 95 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 1.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was due to the net income
of approximately 4.7 million, primarily reduced by approximately 17 million due to a non-cash gain recorded upon the derecognition
of our non-financial assets and approximately 0.1 million due to a change in fair value of derivatives, and primarily increased by approximately 4.1 million of goodwill impairment, approximately 2.0 million of amortization of debt
and finance discounts, approximately 2.9 million of non-cash stock based expense on issuance of warrants, approximately 0.9 million
of stock compensation, approximately 0.3 million of loss on conversion of debt and approximately 0.8 million due to changes in operating
assets and liabilities. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was due to the net loss of
approximately 10.5 million, which was partially offset by a 1.5 million of R D cost paid through debt from GMP, non-cash amortization
of debt discounts and deferred financing costs of 1.4 million, non-cash stock-based compensation of 0.8 million, amortization and depreciation
of intangibles and development equipment of 0.1 million, non-cash gain on conversion of debt and change in fair value of derivatives
of 0.3 million, forgiveness of the PPP Loan of 0.3 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of approximately 0.2 million. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 1.1 million. Net cash provided was
due to approximately 0.2 million raised from sale of common stock under the equity purchase agreement with Peak One and
approximately 1.0 million raised through issuance of convertible debt. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 4.5 million. Net cash provided was due
to approximately 1.6 million raised from the JH Darbie Financing, 0.1 million received under the Payroll Protection Plan, 0.4 million
raised from sale of common stock under the equity purchase agreement with Peak One, 2.8 million raised through issuance of convertible
debt, repayment of 0.4 million of convertible debt due to Geneva and repayment of 0.2 million of other notes. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the periods presented. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our
current drug development programs are based on a series of compounds called combretastatins, which we have exclusively licensed from
Arizona State University, or ASU. If our current drug candidates are approved, we will be required to pay low to mid-single-digit royalties
on future net sales of products associated with the ASU patent rights until these patent rights expire. 

51 

We
also have an exclusive license from Bristol-Myers Squibb, or BMS, for certain patent rights to particular combretastatins, including
CA4P. If CA4P is approved, we will be required to pay low-single-digit royalties on future net sales of products associated with the
BMS patent rights until these patent rights expire. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our
cash is maintained in U.S. dollar accounts. We have adopted a policy for the cash that we hold, and also for any cash equivalents and
investments that we may hold, the primary objective of which is to preserve principal, while also maintaining liquidity to meet our operating
needs and maximize yields to the extent possible. Although our investments can be subject to credit risk, we follow procedures to limit
the amount of credit exposure in any single issue, issuer or type of investment. Our investments are also subject to interest rate risk
and would be likely to decrease in value if market interest rates increase. However, due to the generally conservative nature of our
investments and relatively short duration, we believe that interest rate risk is mitigated. 

Although
we may, from time-to-time, manufacture drugs and conduct preclinical or clinical trials outside of the United States, we believe our exposure
to foreign currency risk to be immaterial. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

See
Item 15 for a list of our Financial Statements and Schedules and any supplementary financial information filed as part of this Annual
Report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Baker
Tilly US, LLP resigned from the position of our Auditors in November 2021. We appointed Rose, Snyder and Jacobs, LLP as our auditors,
in November 2021. We have no disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures,
our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act our Chief Executive
Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO conducted an evaluation as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO each concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act, (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and our
CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

52 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022 was not effective as a result of certain material weaknesses. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are observed in many
small companies with a small number of accounting and financial reporting staff: 

Lack of formal policies
 and procedures; 

Lack of adequate independent
 directors on the Company s board of directors and committees to oversee financial reporting responsibilities; 

Inadequate or lack of segregation
 of duties; 

Lack of dedicated resources
 and experienced personnel to design and implement internal control procedures to support financial reporting objectives; 

Lack of risk assessment
 procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks on a timely manner. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weaknesses 

Management
has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include: 

Continue to search for,
 evaluate and recruit qualified independent outside directors; 

Once independent directors
 are on Board, to augment or replace the non-independent directors to the Audit Committee and other committees. 

Identify gaps in our skills
 base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company; and 

Continue to develop policies
 and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operations on existing controls and
 procedures. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we continued to execute upon our planned remediation actions which are all intended to strengthen our
overall control environment, within the limited resources available to us. We have made some progress in our planned remediation efforts,
and we expect the Company to complete its planned execution of internal controls over financial reporting depending on the availability
of resources. 

We
are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant
improvements in our control environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach
and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

53 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth certain information about our current directors and executive officers followed by individual biographies
of the directors and executive officers of the Company, including their business experience and other relevant information as of December
31, 2021. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Vuong Trieu, Ph. D. 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Amit Shah 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Saran Saund 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Business Officer 
 
 Anthony E. Maida III 
 
 69 
 
 Chief Medical Officer Translation Medicine
 (Consultant) Director 
 
 Steven W. King 
 
 57 
 
 Director and Consultant 
 
 Fatih Uckun M.D, Ph. D. 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Medical Officer (Consultant), resigned February
 2023 
 
 Seymour Fein, M.D. 
 
 73 
 
 Chief Regulatory Officer and Chief Medical Officer
 (Consultant) 

Vuong
Trieu, Ph.D. was the founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Oncotelic Inc., having served in such capacity since 2014,
and now serves as the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Dr.
Trieu has been involved in drug discovery, development, and commercialization for over 25 years, including his contributions as co-inventor
of Abraxane . He previously served as Executive Chairman and Interim CEO of Marina Biotech, Inc. from 2016 to 2018. Marina Biotech
was a developer of tkRNA for the treatment of FAP/CRC (Familial adenomatous polyposis/ Colorectal Cancer). Prior to that, he also served
as President and CEO of IgDraSol, Inc. a developer of a 2nd generation Abraxane beginning in 2012 until its acquisition
by Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. in 2013. He served as Chief Scientific Officer for Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. and a member of that company s
board of directors from 2013 until 2014. Previously, Dr. Trieu was Senior Director of Pharmacology/Biology at Abraxis Bioscience/Celgene,
where he led the preclinical, clinical and PK/biomarker development of Abraxane, and was the co-inventor of the intellectual property
covering Abraxane. Earlier in his career, Dr. Trieu held positions at Genetic Therapy/Sandoz (leading the adenoviral gene therapy program
against atherosclerosis), Applied Molecular Evolution (AME)/Lily (leading the expression, purification, and preclinical testing of mAb
therapeutics) and Parker Hughes Institute (Director of Cardiovascular Biology program that evaluated a series of small molecules and
biologics against preclinical models of atherosclerosis, dyslipidemia, stroke, ALS, and restenosis). Dr. Trieu holds a PhD in Microbiology,
BS in Microbiology and Botany. He is a member of ENDO, ASCO, AACR, and many other professional organizations. Dr. Trieu is published
widely in oncology, cardiovascular, and drug development. 

Dr.
Trieu has over 100 patent applications and 39 issued U.S. patents. 

The
Board believes that Dr. Trieu s extensive experience as an executive at various biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies as
well as his service on private and public company boards qualifies him to serve on the Board. 

Amit
Shah was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer effective in July 2019. Mr. Shah has served as a senior financial officer for a
number of life science companies, including Chief Financial Officer at Marina Biotech, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company
from 2017 to 2018; Vice President of Finance Accounting Insightra Medical Inc. from 2014 to 2015, Acting Chief Financial Officer
of Insightra Medical Inc. in 2015; VP Finance and Acting Chief Financial Officer at IgDraSol Inc. in 2013; Corporate Controller 
Director of Finance at ISTA Pharmaceuticals from 2010 to 2012; Corporate Controller at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals from 2007 to 2010: and
as Controller / Senior Manager Internal Audits at Caraco Pharmaceuticals Laboratories from 2000 to 2007. In addition to his work with
life sciences companies, Mr. Shah served as the Chief Financial Officer at Eagle Business Performance Services, a management consulting
and business advisory firm from end of 2018 through March 2019 and as a consultant and ultimately Senior Director of Finance 
ERP, at Young s Market Company from 2015 to 2017. Mr. Shah received a Bachelor s of Commerce degree from the University of
Mumbai, and is an Associate Chartered Accountant from The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Mr. Shah is also an inactive CPA
from Colorado, USA. 

54 

Saran
Saund has served as the Chief Business Officer of the Company since November 2019. Prior to that, he was the Chief Executive Officer
and Founder of PointR Data Inc. from 2016 to 2019 where the revenue generating startup developed an innovative AI for cashier-less automated
retail stores. From 2013 to 2016 Saran Saund served as managing partner of Astralync LLC that specialized in open source AI frameworks
and developed an industry consortium. Previously, Saran Saund held positions as General Manager, founder and CEO at various companies,
including Cambridge Silicon Radio (acquired by Qualcomm), Marvell Semiconductors Inc., and PicoMobile Inc (acquired by Marvell). Mr.
Saund received his MSc. Tech in Computer Science from BITS Pilani (India) and MS Computer Science from Penn State University. 

Anthony
E. Maida III, Ph.D., M.A., M.B.A. was appointed to the Board in May 2020. Dr, Maida was also appointed as a consultant Chief Medical
Officer of the Company in April 2020. Dr. Maida has been involved in the clinical development of immunotherapy for over 27 years in various
executive management positions. Since June 2010 till June 2020, Dr. Maida served as Senior Vice President, Clinical Research for Northwest
Biotherapeutics, Inc., a cancer vaccine company focused on therapy for patients with glioblastoma multiforme and prostate cancer. From
June 2009 through June 2010, Dr. Maida served as Vice President of Clinical Research and General Manager, Oncology, Worldwide for PharmaNet,
Inc., a clinical research organization. From 1997 through 2010, Dr. Maida served as Chairman, Founder and Director of BioConsul Drug
Development Corporation and Principal of Anthony Maida Consulting International, advising pharmaceutical and investment firms, in the
clinical development of therapeutic products and product/company acquisitions. From 1992 to September of 1999, Dr. Maida was President
and Chief Executive Officer of Jenner Biotherapies, Inc., an immunotherapy company. Dr. Maida is currently a member of the board of directors
and audit chair of Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: VBIO) and was formerly a member of the board of
directors and audit chair of OncoSec Medical Inc. (OTCQB: ONCS). Dr. Maida holds a B.A. in Biology and History, an M.B.A., an M.A. in
Toxicology and a Ph.D. in Immunology. He is a member of the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the American Association for Cancer
Research, the Society of Neuro-Oncology, the International Society for Biological Therapy of Cancer and the American Chemical Society. 

The
Board believes that Dr. Maida is qualified to serve on the Board and as the consultant Chief Medical Officer due to his extensive experience
as an executive at various biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies as well as his service on private and public company boards. 

Steven
W. King was appointed to the Board in May 2020. He previously served as the CEO of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly
owned biomanufacturing subsidiary Avid Bioservices, Inc., during which time the company advanced its lead compound through Phase 3 development,
while growing revenues to over 55 million. Prior to joining Peregrine, Mr. King was employed at Vascular Targeting Technologies, Inc.,
which was acquired by Peregrine in 1997. Mr. King served in a variety of executive roles at Peregrine, including Director of Research
and Development from 1997 to 2000; Vice President Technology and Product Development from 2000 to 2002; Chief Operating Officer from
2002 to 2003; and Chief Executive Officer from 2003 to 2017. Mr. King served on the board of directors of Peregrine from 2003 until 2017.
Mr. King previously worked at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and is co-inventor on over 40 U.S. and foreign patents
and patent applications in the vascular targeting agent field. Mr. King received his Bachelor s and Master s degrees from
Texas Tech University in Cell and Molecular Biology. The Board believes Mr. King is qualified to serve as a director because of his extensive
scientific understanding of technologies in development and expertise in developing and manufacturing biologics, combined with the perspective
and experience he brings from having previously served on the boards of public companies. 

55 

Fatih
Uckun , M.D., Ph.D. was appointed in May 2022 as a Consulting Chief Medical Officer CMO for the
Company. Prior to joining Oncotelic, Dr. Uckun served as Chief Medical Officer and Chief Scientific Officer of Reven Pharmaceuticals
from 2020 to 2022, Chief Medical Officer of Ares Pharmaceuticals from 2017 to 2022, Chief Clinical Advisor of Aptevo Therapeutics in
2021, Vice President and Clinical Strategy Lead, Oncology-Hematology of Worldwide Clinical Trials in 2020, Chief Medical Officer of
Mateon and Oncotelic from 2019 to 2020, and Executive Medical Director and Strategy Lead in Global Oncology and Hematology at Syneos
Health from 2017 to 2018. Prior to this, he was Vice President of Research and Clinical Development at Nantkwest, Chief Scientific
Officer of Jupiter Research Institute and, before that, held senior-level scientific and research positions at Parker Hughes
Institute and its cancer center, Paradigm Pharmaceuticals, and the Children s Cancer Study Group. From 2012-2015, Dr. Uckun
served as chair of the Biotargeting Working Group and a Member of the Coordination and Governance Committee of the NCI Alliance for
Nanotechnology in Cancer. From 2009 to 2015 he was a Professor of Pediatrics and Head of Translational Research in Leukemia and
Lymphoma of the Children s Center for Cancer and Blood Diseases at the University of Southern California. During his tenure at
the University of Minnesota from 1986 to 1997, Dr. Uckun worked as a Professor of Therapeutic Radiology-Radiation Oncology,
Pharmacology, and Pediatrics as well as Director of the Biotherapy Institute at the University of Minnesota, where he became the
first recipient of the Endowed Hughes Chair in Biotherapy. Dr. Uckun is an elected Member of the American Society for Clinical
Investigation (ASCI), an honor society for physician-scientists, and an active member of several professional organizations. He
received numerous awards for his work on monoclonal antibodies, recombinant cytokines and fusion proteins, radiation sensitizers,
kinase inhibitors and targeted therapeutics for difficult-to-treat cancers, including the Stohlman Memorial Award of the Leukemia
Society of America, the highest honor given to a Leukemia Society Scholar. He has published more than 500 peer-reviewed papers,
authored numerous review articles and book chapters and is an inventor on numerous patents. Dr Uckun resigned from his
position as CMO on February 28, 2023. 

Seymour
Fein, M.D. was appointed to in May 2022 as the
Company s Consulting Chief Regulatory Officer. Dr. Fein has been managing partner of the clinical and regulatory consulting organization,
CNF Pharma, LLC for the last 20 years and in that capacity has worked closely with numerous new drug reviewing divisions at the FDA including
the divisions of oncologic drug products. Dr. Fein s professional activities have been focused on drug development research for
over 35 years. He has been extensively involved in the successful development of numerous drugs, biologics and medical devices during
this time leading to FDA approvals for over 20 drugs (NDAs, sNDAs, BLAs) and devices (PMAs). Dr. Fein began his career at Hoffmann-La
Roche Ltd. as a senior research physician and was responsible for a clinical development program that led to U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) approval of recombinant interferon-alpha for cancer treatment. Dr. Fein was also the medical director of Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals
(U.S.) where he was responsible for therapeutic areas including gastroenterology, oncology, and cardiology. He later served as medical
director for Rorer Group (now part of Sanofi) and Ohmeda (now part of Baxter). Dr. Fein founded and has been managing partner of a clinical
and regulatory consulting organization and has worked closely with the numerous new drug review divisions at the FDA including the divisions
of oncologic drug products. Dr. Fein has successfully overseen entrepreneurial drug development leading to the FDA approval of two orphan
drug products in the field of gastroenterology and the first drug approved for the treatment of nocturia in the field of urology. Dr.
Fein received his B.A. degree from the University of Pennsylvania and his M.D. degree with honors from New York Medical College. He completed
a three-year residency in internal medicine at Dartmouth and a three-year fellowship in medical oncology and hematology at Harvard Medical
School, where he served as an instructor of medicine during his final fellowship year. Dr. Fein is board-certified in both oncology and
internal medicine. 

The
Board had three standing committees, which consisted of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee (collectively, the Committees ), We discontinued all the Committees since July 2021 and since
that date, the full Board serves in lieu of all Committees. Once we engage new directors to the Board, we will restart the Committees,
and the members will serve on these committees until their resignation or as otherwise determined by our Board. 

Audit
Committee 

For
the year ended December 2022, the full Board acted in lieu of an Audit Committee. The full Board met four times during the year ended
December 31, 2022 in lieu of the Audit Committee. 

56 

Our
Audit Committee had the authority to retain and terminate the services of our independent registered public accounting firm, reviews
our annual financial statements, considers matters relating to accounting policy and internal controls, and reviews the scope of our
annual audits. Such functions are currently being managed by our full Board. 

The
Board had adopted a charter for the Audit Committee, which is to be reviewed and reassessed annually by the Audit Committee. Due to a
lack of the Committee, such review and evaluation has not been done. A copy of the Audit Committee s written charter is publicly
available on our website at www.oncotelic.com . 

Compensation
Committee 

For
the year ended December 2022, the full Board acted in lieu of Compensation Committee. The full Board met once during the year ended December
31, 2022 

The
Compensation Committee s responsibilities include making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation philosophy and
compensation guidelines for our executives, the role and performance of our executive officers, and appropriate compensation levels for
our CEO, which are determined without the CEO present, and other executives based on a comparative review of compensation practices of
similarly situated businesses. The Compensation Committee also makes recommendations to the Board regarding the design and implementation
of our compensation plans and the establishment of criteria and the approval of performance results relative to our incentive plans.
Our Compensation Committee also administers our 2005 Stock Plan, our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. Currently,
none of the members of the Compensation Committee qualifies as independent under the definition promulgated by The NASDAQ Stock Market and
qualifies as a Non-Employee Director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. 

The
Compensation Committee shall review and assess the three main components of each named executive officer s compensation: base salary,
incentive compensation, and equity compensation. Adjustments to base salary are generally only made when there has been a change in the
scope of the responsibilities of the named executive officer or when, based on a review of the base salary component of executive officers
in companies of a similar size and stage of development, the Compensation Committee members believe that an adjustment is warranted in
order to remain competitive. The executive management of the Company determines and agrees with the Compensation Committee on its corporate
goals and objectives for the ensuing year. At the end of each year, the attainment of each objective is assessed and incentive awards
may be made to each executive based on his or her contribution to achieving the objectives. Awards are made based on either provision
of an executive s employment agreement, or an assessment of each executive s equity compensation position relative to the
Company s other executives. 

The
Compensation Committee also typically reviews our director compensation on at least an annual basis. The Compensation Committee has the
authority to directly retain the services of independent consultants and other experts to assist in fulfilling its responsibilities.
Currently there are no independent compensation consultants retained by the Company. 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

For
the year ended December 2022, the Company had no Nominating and Governance Committee. The full Board acted in lieu of the Nominating and
Governance Compensation Committee. The full board did not meet in lieu of the Nominating Committee. 

The
Nominating and Governance Committee s responsibilities include making recommendations to the full Board as to the size and composition
of the Board and making recommendations as to particular nominees to the Board. All members of the Nominating and Governance Committee
qualify as independent under the definition promulgated by The NASDAQ Stock Market. 

57 

Board
Attendance at Board of Directors, Committee and Stockholder Meetings 

Our
Board met 4 times, which included in lieu of the Audit Committee, approved certain corporate actions by unanimous written consents three
times during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Each of our directors serving during fiscal 2022 attended all the meetings of the
Board and in lieu of the Committees of the Board upon which such director served and that were held during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Although
we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of the Board at our annual meeting of stockholders, directors are encouraged
to attend. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

Our
Board has the discretion to determine whether to separate or combine the roles of Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Dr.
Trieu has served in both roles since his appointment to the Board after the reverse merger with Oncotelic and our Board continues to
believe that his combined role is most advantageous to the Company and its stockholders. Dr. Trieu possesses in-depth knowledge of the
issues, opportunities and risks facing us, our business and our industry and is best positioned to fulfill the Board Chair s responsibility
to develop meeting agendas that focus the Board s time and attention on critical matters and to facilitate constructive dialogue
among Board members on strategic issues. 

In
addition to Dr. Trieu s leadership, the Board maintains effective independent oversight through a number of governance practices,
including, open and direct communication with management, input on meeting agendas, and regular executive sessions. 

Risk
Oversight 

Our
Board oversees a company-wide approach to risk management, determines the appropriate risk level for us generally, and assesses the specific
risks faced by us to reviews the steps taken by management to mitigate those risks. Although our Board has ultimate oversight responsibility
for the risk management process, its committees oversee risk in certain specified areas. 

Specifically,
our Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements,
and the incentives created by the compensation awards it administers and our Audit Committee oversees management of enterprise risks
and financial risks, as well as potential conflicts of interests. The Board will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks
associated with the independence of our Board. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our executive officers, except Dr. Trieu, served as a member of the Board or Compensation Committee, or other committee serving an
equivalent function, of any entity that has an executive officer and who serves on our Board or Compensation Committee since 2019. After
the merger of the Company with Oncotelic Inc., our Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Trieu has been identified and is a control person of
Autotelic, Inc. 

Also,
Mr. Steven King, was the CEO of Edgepoint Inc., an AI company that is a non-controlling interest subsidiary of the Company. Dr. Maida
is currently consulting as the Chief Medical Officer Translation Medicine with the Company in regards to its planned trials for
OT-101 for our oncology indications. 

Corporate
Code of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees,
including our CEO and CFO. The text of the Code of Conduct has been filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2014, and is posted on our website at www.oncotelic.com . Disclosure regarding any amendments to, or waivers
from provisions of the code of conduct and ethics that apply to our directors and principal executive and financial officers will be
included in a Current Report on Form 8-K within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 

58 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with
the SEC and us initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of our common stock and other equity
securities. For these purposes, the term other equity securities would include options granted under the Company s
2005 Stock Plan (the 2005 Stock Plan ), the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan and the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). To our knowledge, based solely on a review of
the forms and written representations received by us from our Section 16 reporting persons, during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2019, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to the reporting persons were properly and timely satisfied. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table provides information regarding the compensation paid during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 to our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer and certain of our other executive officers, who are collectively referred to as named
executive officers elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary (1) 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards (2) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Vuong
 Trieu, Ph. D. 
 2022 
 38,003 
 
 53,832 
 37,500 
 129,335 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 189,990 
 
 48,341 
 18,750 (3) 
 257,081 

Anthony
 E. Maida III, Ph. D., M.D. MBA 
 2022 

53,832 
 75,000 
 128,832 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer (May 2020) Consultant 
 2021 

100,164 
 205,000 (4) 
 305,164 

Saran
 Saund 
 2022 
 19.531 
 
 58,832 
 15,898 
 89,261 
 
 Chief Business Officer 
 2021 
 188,791 
 
 77,652 
 33,809 (3) 
 300,252 

Amit
 Shah 
 2022 
 27,105 
 
 58,832 
 13,333 
 94,270 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 230,716 (3) 
 
 26,948 
 13,333 (3) 
 270,997 

(1)
Includes cost of healthcare benefits paid by the Company. Effective February 1, 2022, the cash compensation and benefits for all the
Officers, except Dr. Maida who was compensated till March 2022, has been borne by the JV. As the JV financials are not consolidated into those of the Company, the Company has not included
such compensation in this table. In the future, and assuming the continuation of the cash compensation and benefits continue to
be borne by the JV, the Company will not report such compensation information as
part of the Company s Executive Compensation. 

(2)
During the 2022 fiscal year, the Company granted 1 million stock awards to each of Dr. Trieu, Dr. Maida, Mr Saund and Mr. Shah. The Company
recorded stock-based compensation as the fair value of the awards using a Black Scholes valuation model using the following input values 

Expected Term 
 1 year 
 
 Expected volatility 
 95.5 
 
 Risk-free interest rates 
 3.12 
 
 Dividend yields 
 0.00 

During
the 2021 fiscal year, the Company granted certain stock awards to Dr. Trieu, Dr. Maida, Mr. Saund and Mr. Shah. The Company had
recorded stock-based compensation as the fair value of the awards using a Black Scholes valuation model using the following input
values. 

59 

Expected Term 
 2.18 to 2.28 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 129.9 to 131.40 
 
 Risk-free interest rates 
 0.22 to 0.27 
 
 Dividend yields 
 0.00 

The
values of stock option grants shown in the table represent the full estimated Black-Scholes option value at the grant date, pursuant
to compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. The Black-Scholes valuation for the options and stock awards for Messrs. Trieu, Maida, Park,
Saund and Shah were estimated based on the date on which the options and awards were granted to the officers. However, the stock option
grants in the table vest over one to ten years, and the values shown do not take into account subsequent increases or decreases in actual
value to the recipient. See the Narrative Disclosure below for information regarding the number of shares granted to each of the named
executive officers. See Note 11 to our Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2021, for additional information regarding the assumptions used to determine the fair value of each of the option awards in this table.
See also our discussion of stock-based compensation under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates in our current Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(3)
Represents other compensations paid to Messrs. Trieu, Saund and Shah in lieu of salary and for services rendered to the Company and its
subsidiaries. 

(4)
Represents compensation paid to Dr. Maida in lieu of services rendered to the Company. 

(5)
Drs. Uckun, as the Chief Medical Officer, and Fein, as the Chief Regulatory Officer, were compensated for their services by the JV and hence are not reportable. Further, Dr. Uckun resigned from the position of Chief Medical Officer effective February 2023
and Dr. Fein was appointed to that position effective the same date. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Vuong
Trieu, Ph. D., Saran Saund and Amit Shah 

Commencing
April 2019, Drs. Trieu and Park were appointed as Executive Officers and commenced earning compensation based on the table below. Mr.
Shah was appointed as a consulting CFO in July 2019 and became an Executive Officer and employee in August 2019. Subsequently, in August
2019, the Company entered into Employment Agreements and incentive compensation arrangements with each of its executive officers. The
Employment Agreements provide for annual base salaries for each year of the term, subject to review and adjustment by the Board or the
Compensation Committee from time to time. Each Employment Agreement provides that the executive shall be eligible for an annual discretionary
cash bonus expressed as a percentage the executive s base salary, subject to their achievement of performance targets and goals
established by the Board or the Compensation Committee. Mr. Saund was appointed as an Executive Officer in November 2019 after the PointR
merger. Dr. Maida was appointed as our consultant Chief Medical Officer Translation Medicine in May 2020 and does not have an
Employment Agreement. Each of the executive officers entered into the Company s standard form of indemnification agreement. 

Drs.
Uckun, as the Chief Medical Officer, and Fein, as the Chief Regulatory Officer, were appointed to their offices in May 2022. Further,
Dr. Uckun resigned from the position of Chief Medical Officer effective February 2023 and Dr. Fein was appointed to that position effective
the same date. 

The
initial base salaries and discretionary cash bonus amounts have been set for the executives as follows: 

Executive 
 Title 
 Initial Base Salary 
 Discretionary Bonus 
 of Base) 
 
 Vuong Trieu 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 450,000 
 50 

Amit Shah 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 320,000 
 40 
 
 Saran Saund 
 Chief Business Officer 
 230,000 
 40 
 
 Anthony E. Maida III(1) 
 Chief Medical Officer 
 180,000 
 NA 

(1) 
 Dr. Maida is a consultant
 to the Company and currently does not have an Employment Agreement. 

60 

For
more information on the executive compensations to the Executive Officers, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on form 10-K filed with the
SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
Company did not grant any increases in cash compensation to any of its Executive Officers during the years ended December 31, 2022, or
2021 due to the financial condition of the Company. In lieu of the financial condition, the Company granted stock awards to the executives, including all other employees, during the year ended December
31,2022 and 2021 as under: 

December
31, 2022 

Executive 
 Title 
 Stock Options 
 
 Vuong Trieu 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 1,000,000 
 
 Amit Shah 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 1,000,000 
 
 Saran Saund 
 Chief Business Officer 
 1,000,000 
 
 Anthony E. Maida III 
 Consulting Chief Medical Officer 
 1,000,000 

20 
of the stock option awards vested immediately and 80 were to vest upon achievement of certain performance milestones by the Officers.
The Company has not completed its evaluation of whether such milestones have been met or not as of the date of this Report. However,
for the purposes of this Report and compensatory tables, the stock compensation expense has been reported as though such awards have
been earned by the Officers. 

December
31, 2021 

Executive 
 Title 
 Restricted Stock 
 Stock Options 
 
 Vuong Trieu(1) 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 50,000 
 425,000 
 
 Amit Shah 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 50,000 
 200,000 
 
 Saran Saund 
 Chief Business Officer 
 25,000 
 775,000 
 
 Anthony E. Maida III (2) 
 Consulting Chief Medical Officer 
 - 
 600,000 

(1)
Granted 225,000 stock options in his capacity as a member of the Board of Directors 

 (2)
Granted in his capacity as a member of the Board of Directors and not his capacity as the Consulting Chief Medical Officer Translation
Medicine. 

The
stock-based compensation on the issuance the RSUs and stock options has been reported under Summary Compensation Table above. 

61 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table shows all outstanding grants of stock options as of December 31, 2022 to each of the executive officers named in the
Summary Compensation Table. The table below reflects the options and restricted shares that are issuable to Messrs. Trieu, Maida,
Saund and Shah. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Type 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Vuong Trieu, Ph. D. (1) 

Chief Executive Officer President- 2022 
 ISO 
 200,000 
 800,000 
 0.10 
 7/22/2032 

2021 
 ISO 
 360,000 
 
 0.1398 
 7/8/2031 
 
 2021 
 ISO 
 200,000 
 
 0.1626 
 9/3/2031 

Saran Saund (1) 

Chief Business Officer- 2022 
 ISO 
 200,000 
 800,000 
 0.10 
 7/22/2032 

2021 
 ISO 
 675,000 
 
 0.1398 
 7/8/2031 
 
 2021 
 ISO 
 100,000 
 
 0.1626 
 9/3/2031 

Anthony Maida (1) 2022 

Chief Medical Officer Consultant- 2022 
 ISO 
 200,000 
 800,000 
 0.10 
 7/22/2032 

2021 
 NQSO 
 400,000 
 
 0.1398 
 7/8/2031 

2021 
 NQSO 
 400,000 
 
 0.1626 
 9/3/2031 

Amit Shah (1) 

Chief Financial Officer- 2022 
 ISO 
 200,000 
 800,000 
 0.10 
 7/22/2031 

2021 
 ISO 
 400,000 
 
 0.1626 
 7/8/2031 

(1) 
 The
 stock awards have been approved by the board. The stock compensation thereon has been computed and expensed when granted and reported
 in the Summary Compensation Table. 

62 

Pension
Benefits 

We
do not have any qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans. 

Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation 

We
do not have any non-qualified defined contribution plans or other deferred compensation plans. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change-In-Control 

We
have entered into certain agreements and maintain certain plans that may require us to make certain payments and/or provide certain benefits
to Dr. Trieu, Mr. Saund and Mr. Shah in the event of a termination of their employment or a change of control of the Company. The following
table summarizes the potential payments to Dr. Trieu; and Messrs. Saund and Shah assuming that one of the described termination events
occurs. The table assumes that the event occurred on December 31, 2022, the last day of our fiscal year and that each of the named officers
were eligible to earn the full initial base compensation. On the final trading day of our fiscal year the closing price of our common
stock on OTCQB Market was 0.05 per share. 

The
Employment Agreements each have a term that continues until terminated by the Company or the executive. In the event that the Company
terminates an executive for Cause , or an executive voluntarily resigns his employment, on termination the executive will
be entitled to receive all accrued and unpaid base salary, any accrued and unused paid time off, and reimbursement of outstanding business
expenses. If the Employment Agreements are terminated by the Company without Cause or the executive resigns for Good
Reason (each as defined in the Employment Agreement) then the executive will be entitled to additional severance benefits including:
(a) a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the executive s then current base salary (18 months in the case of Dr. Trieu);
(b) accelerated vesting of all outstanding stock options and incentive compensation awards, and (c) insurance benefits or COBRA coverage
for 12 months (18 months in the case of Dr. Trieu) in addition to payment of accrued and unpaid personal time. 

Vuong
N. Trieu, Ph. D. 

Involuntary Not for 

Executive 
 Termination 
 
 Cause Termination or 

Benefits 
 and Payments Upon 
 within 
 12 months Following 
 Voluntary Termination by 
 Termination by 

Termination 
 Change in Control 
 Executive or Death 
 Executive with Good Reason 
 For Cause Termination 
 Disability 
 
 Base Salary 
 675,000 
 
 675,000 

Annual Bonus 
 Executive entitled 
 Executive entitled 
 Executive entitled 
 
 Executive entitled 
 
 (50 of Base Salary) 
 to Annual Bonus 
 to Annual Bonus 
 to Annual Bonus 
 
 to Annual Bonus 

related to most 
 related to most 
 related to most 
 
 related to most 

recently completed 
 recently completed 
 recently completed 
 N/A 
 recently completed 

calendar year if 
 calendar year if 
 calendar year if 
 
 calendar year if 

earned and not 
 earned and not 
 earned and not 
 
 earned and not 

already paid 
 already paid 
 already paid 
 
 already paid 
 
 Acceleration of Vesting of Equity 
 100 
 0 
 100 
 0 
 0 
 
 Stock Options: 

Number of Stock Option 
 1,998,255 
 
 1,998,255 

Value upon Termination 
 99,913 
 
 99,913 

Vested Stock / Received: 

Number of Shares 
 1,198,255 
 
 1,198,255 

Value upon Termination 
 59,913 
 
 59,193 

Relocation Reimbursement 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Deferred Compensation Payout 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Post-Term Health Care 
 Up to 18 months 
 N/A 
 Up to 18 months 
 N/A 
 N/A 

18,964 
 
 18,964 

Excise Tax Gross Up 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

63 

Saran
Saund 

Involuntary Not for 

Executive Benefits 
 Termination within 
 Voluntary 
 Cause Termination or 

and Payments 
 12 months Following 
 Termination by 
 Termination by 

Upon Termination 
 Change in Control 
 Executive or Death 
 Executive with Good Reason 
 For Cause Termination 
 Disability 
 
 Base Salary 
 320,000 
 
 320,000 

Annual Bonus 
 Executive entitled 
 Executive entitled 
 Executive entitled 
 
 Executive entitled 
 
 (40 of Base Salary) 
 to Annual Bonus 
 to Annual Bonus 
 to Annual Bonus 
 
 to Annual Bonus 

related to most 
 related to most 
 related to most 
 
 related to most 

recently completed 
 recently completed 
 recently completed 
 N/A 
 recently completed 

calendar year if 
 calendar year if 
 calendar year if 
 
 calendar year if 

earned and not 
 earned and not 
 earned and not 
 
 earned and not 

already paid 
 already paid 
 already paid 
 
 already paid 
 
 Acceleration of Vesting of Equity 
 100 
 0 
 100 
 0 
 0 
 
 Stock Options: 

Number of Stock Options (1) 
 1,993,798 
 
 1,993,798 

Value upon Termination 
 99,690 
 
 99,690 

Vested Stock Received: 

Number of Shares (1) 
 1,193,798 
 
 1,193,798 

Value upon Termination 
 59,690 
 
 59,690 

Relocation Reimbursement 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Deferred Compensation Payout 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Post-Term Health Care 
 Up to 12 months 
 N/A 
 Up to 12 months 
 N/A 
 N/A 

5,671 
 
 5,671 

Excise Tax Gross Up 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Amit
Shah 

Executive Benefits and Payments Upon Termination 
 Termination within 12 months Following Change in Control 
 Voluntary Termination by Executive or Death 
 Involuntary Not for Cause Termination or Termination by Executive with Good Reason 
 For Cause Termination 
 Disability 
 
 Base Salary 
 320,000 
 
 320,000 

Annual Bonus (50 of Base Salary) 
 Executive entitled to Annual Bonus related to most recently completed calendar year if earned and not already paid 
 Executive entitled to Annual Bonus related to most recently completed calendar year if earned and not already paid 
 Executive entitled to Annual Bonus related to most recently completed calendar year if earned and not already paid 
 N/A 
 Executive entitled to Annual Bonus related to most recently completed calendar year if earned and not already paid 
 
 Acceleration of Vesting of Equity 
 100 
 0 
 100 
 0 
 0 
 
 Stock Options: 

Number of Stock Options (1) 
 1,997,093 
 
 1,997,093 

Value upon Termination 
 99,855 
 
 99,855 

Vested Stock Received: 

Number of Shares (1) 
 1,197,093 
 
 1,197,093 

Value upon Termination 
 59,855 
 
 59,855 

Relocation Reimbursement 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Deferred Compensation Payout 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Post-Term Health Care 
 Up to 12 months 
 N/A 
 Up to 12 months 
 N/A 
 N/A 

11,208 
 
 11,208 

Excise Tax Gross Up 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Based
on the stock price of the Company as of December 31, 2022, of 0.05 and assuming the number of shares granted are vested and earned. 

64 

Dr.
Maida is a consultant Chief Medical Officer Translation Medicine and is not subject to potential payments upon termination or
change-in-control, and as such his information has not been compiled for this table. 

The
information set forth above is described in more detail in the Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table. 

As
defined in the employment agreements, a Change in Control means the following during the employment term: 

(1) 
 any Person 
 (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the Beneficial Owner (as defined in
 Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent of the total
 voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities (excluding for this purpose any such voting securities
 held by the Company or its affiliates or by any employee benefit plan of the Company) pursuant to a transaction or a series of related
 transactions which the Board of Directors does not approve; or 

(2) 
 a merger or consolidation
 of the Company whether or not approved by the Board of Directors, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the
 voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or
 by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or the parent of such corporation) at least fifty percent of the
 total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or parent of such corporation, as
 the case may be, outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or 

(3) 
 the stockholders of the
 Company approve an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets; or 

(4) 
 a change in the composition
 of the Board of Directors, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors, and provided in each
 such case the Change in Control also meets the requirements of a Change in Control Event within the meaning of Section
 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). Incumbent Directors mean the directors
 who either (A) are directors of the Company as of the date of this Agreement, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the
 Board of Directors with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or nomination
 (but shall not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating
 to the election of directors to the Company). 

In
each such case the Change of Control must also meet the requirements of a Change of Control Event within the meaning of
Section 409(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code. 

Each
of Drs. Trieu, Saund and Mr. Shah will be entitled to certain benefits as described in the table above if his employment is terminated
by the Company for reasons other than cause or by him with good reason. Cause, as defined in the employment agreements,
means: 

(1) 
 Substantial failure to
 perform any of his duties or to follow reasonable, lawful directions of the Board or any officer to whom the party reports; 

65 

(2) 
 willful misconduct or willful
 malfeasance in connection with his employment; 

(3) 
 commission of, conviction
 of, or plea of nolo contendere to, any crime constituting a felony under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, or any
 other crime involving moral turpitude; 

(4) 
 material breach of any
 provision of the employment agreement, the By-laws or any other written agreement with the Company; 

(5) 
 engaging in misconduct
 that causes significant injury to the Company, financial or otherwise, or to its reputation; or 

(6) 
 any act, omission or circumstance
 constituting cause under the law governing the employment agreement. 

Good
Reason, as defined in the employment agreements, means the Company: 

(1) 
 materially reduces the
 officer s title or responsibilities; 

(2) 
 relocates its headquarters
 more than sixty (60) miles from their current location (unless the relocation results in the headquarters being closer to the officer s
 residence); 

(3) 
 materially reduces the
 officer s base salary; or 

(4) 
 breaches a material term
 of the officer s employment agreement. 

Good
Reason must also meet the requirements for a good reason termination in accordance with Code Section 409A, and any successor statute,
regulation and guidance thereto. 

Director
Compensation 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, one of the non-employee directors was paid the following in cash and stock awards 

Fees Earned or Paid in 

Cash (1) 
 Option Awards (2) 
 Total 

Steven King 2021/22 
 - 
 86,065 
 86,065 
 
 David Diamond - 2021 
 31,875 
 27,106 
 58,981 

For
2021/22, Mr. King was compensated in stock for his services to the Board. Drs. Trieu and Maida were granted stock options as Board
members but have been reported in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

We
granted Mr. King 500,000 options for his services through the end of fiscal year 2022. Although the initial terms of the options, when
granted, provide that they vest one year subsequent to grant, pursuant to rules of the SEC the fair market value for the options granted
represents the full value at the grant date only and the values do not take into account subsequent increases or decreases in actual
value to the recipient. See also our discussion of stock-based compensation under Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates in the
Form 10-K. 

For
the period Mr. Diamond served during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid Mr. Diamond for his services to the Board
and Committees. Further, or for the year ended December 31, 2021, we granted Mr. Diamond 251,467 options. Although the initial
terms of the options, when granted, provide that they vest one year subsequent to grant, pursuant to rules of the SEC the fair
market value for the options granted represents the full value at the grant date only and the values do not take into account
subsequent increases or decreases in actual value to the recipient. See also our discussion of stock-based compensation under
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting
Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates in the Form 10-K. 

66 

The
grant date fair values of stock option grants shown in the table represent the full estimated Black-Scholes option value at the grant
date, pursuant to compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. The Company recorded stock-based compensation as the fair value of the awards
using a Black Scholes valuation model using the following input values. 

Expected Term 
 2.18 to 2.28 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 129.9 to 131.40 
 
 Risk-free interest rates 
 0.22 to 0.27 
 
 Dividend yields 
 0.00 

The
following is a description of the standard compensation arrangements under which our non-employee directors have been compensated for
their service as directors, including as members of the various Committees of our Board. 

Fees .
In October 2016, the Board amended and restated its director compensation policy. For more details on the Fees, kindly refer to our form
2020 Annual Report on 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021. However, since the departure of Mr. Diamond, we have discontinued cash
compensations for the independent Board Members or Committee members. 

The
Board intends to re-evaluate compensation, including non-employee director compensation, following the reconstitution of its Compensation
Committee. 

Equity
Grants . 

In
October 2016, the Board amended and restated its director compensation policy. 

The
Board intends to re-evaluate compensation, including non-employee director compensation, following the reconstitution of its Compensation
Committee. For more information on our prior policy, please refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April
15, 2022 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth information, as of April 3, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: 

each of our directors and
 our director nominees; 

each of our executive officers; 

our directors and executive
 officers as a group; and 

each person known to us
 to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock. 

The
address for each beneficial owner listed is c/o Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. 29397 Agoura Road, Suite 107, Agoura Hills, California,
91301. Each of the stockholders listed has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by the stockholder,
subject to community property laws where applicable. 

In
accordance with applicable SEC rules, the number of shares reflected as beneficially owned by each entity, person, director or executive
officer is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which
the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power as well as any shares that the individual has the right to acquire
within 60 days after the Record Date through the exercise of any stock option, warrants or other rights. 

67 

We
have computed the percentage of shares beneficially owned on the basis of 392,871,880 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of April
3, 2023. Shares of our Common Stock that a person has the right to acquire within 60 days after the Record Date through other means,
such as a stock option or warrant, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such
rights, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person (other than the percentage
ownership of all directors and executive officers as a group). 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Vuong Trieu 
 122,770,303 (1) 
 31.3 
 
 Steven W. King 
 4,188,059 (2) 
 1.1 
 
 Anthony E. Maida III 
 3,137,314 (3) 
 0.8 
 
 Amit Shah 
 2,584,871 (4) 
 0.7 
 
 Saran Saund 
 18,347,759 (5) 
 4.7 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 
 151,028,306 (6) 
 38.1 

Beneficial owners of more than 5 

Vuong Trieu 
 122,770,303 (1) 
 31.3 
 
 Balaji Bhakta 
 43,575,256 (7) 
 11.1 
 
 Larn Hwang 
 25,714,323 (8) 
 6.6 
 
 Chao Hsiao 
 22,406,942 (9) 
 5.7 

(1) 
 Includes: (a) 90,817,329
 shares owned directly and beneficially by the reporting person; 3,922,219 shares of common shares issuable upon conversion of debt,
 1,738,953 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and 1,250,000 shares of common shares issuable upon exercise of warrants;
 (b) 16,780,384 shares registered in the name of Autotelic, Inc., and 1,388,889 shares issuable upon conversion of debt, and (c) 6,872,529
 shares registered in the name of Dr. Trieu s spouse. Dr. Trieu is the Chief Executive Officer of Autotelic, Inc. and in that
 capacity has the sole authority to control the voting and the disposition of Common Stock and Preferred Stock owned by Autotelic,
 Inc. Dr. Trieu disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Autotelic, Inc., except to the extent of his pecuniaIy interest
 therein. 

(2) 
 Shares held in the name
 of Artius Bioconsulting, LLC, consists of (i) 3,330,647 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 857,412 shares issuable upon exercise of
 stock options granted to Mr. King. 

(3) 
 Consists of (i) 1,137,314
 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 2,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(4) 
 Consists of (i) 358,837
 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 527,778 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of debt and (iii) 1,698,256 shares of common
 stock upon exercise of options. 

(5) 
 Consists of (i) 16,456,480
 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 1,891,279 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. 

(6) 
 Consists of (i) 135,753,521
 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 5,838,885 shares issuable upon conversion of debt, (iii) 8,185,900 shares issuable upon exercise of
 options and (iv) 1,250,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. 

(7) 
 Consists
of (i) 41,630,811 shares of Common Stock, (ii) (iii) 694,445 shares of common stock upon conversion of debt and 1,250,000 upon conversion
of warrants. 

68 

(8) 
 Consists of (i) 23,455,990
 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 1,208,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of debt and (iii) 1,050,000 shares of common
 stock upon exercise of options. 

(9) 
 Consists
of (i) 17,073,604 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 3,744,449 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of debt, (iii) 1,200,000 shares
of common stock upon exercise of options, and (iv) 388,889 shares issuable upon exercise of PPM debt and warrants. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides certain aggregate information with respect to all of the Company s equity compensation plans in effect
as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 24,042,620 
 0.22 
 3,205,021 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 1,650,000 
 0.30 
 350,000 

Total 
 25,692,620 
 0.23 
 3,555,021 

In
August 2020, the shareholders of the Company approved the expansion of the number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding
options, warrants, restricted stock units and warrants by 20 million. The amendment to the 2015 Plan was completed in March 2021 and
as such the pool under the 2015 Plan is now 27,250,000. 

Brief
Description of equity compensation plan not approved by security holders 

In
January 2017, the Board of Directors adopted and approved the 2017 Plan. The 2017 Plan allows the Company, under the direction of the
Compensation Committee, to make grants of stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, and other stock-based awards to employees,
consultants and directors. The purpose of these awards is to attract and retain key individuals, further align employee and stockholder
interests, and provide additional incentive for them to promote our success. The 2017 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 2,000,000
shares of the Company s common stock. Any stock options granted under the 2017 Plan must be non-qualified stock options, which
are not intended to meet the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue code. Options generally vest over a period of time,
may not be exercised unless they are vested, and no option may be exercised after the end of the term set forth in the award agreement. 

69 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our
Audit Committee reviews and approves in advance all related person transactions. 

Our
Board of Directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of our directors has with the Company, either directly
or indirectly. Based upon this review, our Board has determined that none of the directors, qualify as independent directors 
as defined under the OTC Market Rules for U.S. Companies. 

Master
Service Agreement with Autotelic Inc. 

In
October 2015, Oncotelic Inc. entered into a Master Service Agreement (the MSA with Autotelic Inc. Autotelic ),
a related party that is partly owned by Dr. Trieu. Dr. Trieu, a related party, is a control person in Autotelic. Autotelic currently
owns less than 10 of the Company. The MSA stated that Autotelic will provide business functions and services to the Company and allowed
Autotelic to charge the Company for these expenses paid on its behalf. The MSA includes personnel costs allocated based on amount of
time incurred and other services such as consultant fees, clinical studies, conferences and other operating expenses incurred on behalf
of the Company. The MSA requires a 90-day written termination notice in the event either party requires to terminate such services. 

Expenses
related to the MSA were approximately 60,000 and 280,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amounts outstanding
at the end of the year 2022 and 2021 were approximately 225,000 and 270,000, respectively. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the Agreement with Autotelic, pursuant
to which Autotelic granted Oncotelic, among other things: (i) the exclusive right and license to certain Autotelic Patents (as defined
in the Agreement) and Autotelic Know-How (as defined in the Agreement); and (ii) a right of first refusal to acquire at least a majority
of the outstanding capital stock of Autotelic prior to Autotelic entering into any transaction that is a financing collaboration, distribution
revenues, earn-outs, sales, out-licensing, purchases, debt, royalties, merger acquisition, change of control, transfer of cash or non-cash
assets, disposition of capital stock by way of tender or exchange offer, partnership or any other joint or collaborative venture, research
collaboration, material transfer, sponsored research or similar transaction or agreements. For more information on the Agreement, refer
to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

Notes
Payable and Short-Term Loan Related Party 

In
April 2019, the Company issued a convertible note to Dr. Trieu totaling 164,444, including OID of 16,444, receiving net proceeds of
 148,000, which was used by the Company for working capital and general corporate purposes (See Note 6). The Company issued a Fall 2019
Note to Dr. Trieu in the principal amount of 250,000. Dr. Trieu also offset certain amounts due to him in the amount of 35,000 and
was converted into the Fall 2019 debt. Further during the year ended December 31, 2022, 20,000 was repaid to Dr Trieu. As such the Company
owed 0 for the short-term loan as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Autotelic Inc. provided a short-term funding of 120,000 to the Company, which was repaid in 2021.
In May 2021, Autotelic provided an additional short-term funding of 250,000 to the Company, which was converted into the August
2021 Notes. Autotelic provided an additional 20,000 and 100,000 short-terms loan to the Company, and as such, 120,000 was
outstanding and payable to Autotelic at December 31, 2022 and 0 at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Artius
Consulting Agreement 

On
March 9, 2020, the Company and Artius Bioconsulting, LLC Artius ), for which Mr. Steven King, our Board and Committee
member, is the Managing Member, entered into an amendment to that certain Consulting Agreement dated December 1, 2018 (the Artius
Agreement ), under which Artius agreed to serve as a consultant to the Company for services related to the Company s
business from time to time, effective December 1, 2019 (the Artius Agreement Effective Date ). In connection with
the Artius Agreement, Mr. King also agreed to assist the Company with strategic advisory services with respect to transactional and operational
contracts, budgetary input, among other matters in connection with the development EdgePoint AI s Artificial Intelligence and Blockchain
Driven Vision Systems, for which Mr. King serves as Chief Executive Officer. 

70 

Under
the terms of the Artius Agreement, the Company agreed to grant to Artius, subject to approval by the Company s Board of Directors
and pursuant to the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, 148,837 restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock, in addition
to a 30 pre-financing ownership stake in EdgePoint AI. The Artius Agreement contemplates that Mr. King will generally provide his services
at a rate of 237 per hour, not to exceed 44 hours per month and payable monthly, and to reimburse Mr. King for reasonable and necessary
expenses incurred by him or Artius in connection with providing services to the Company. 

Either
the Company or Artius may terminate the Artius Agreement at any time, for any reason following the Artius Agreement Effective Date. The
Artius Agreement will automatically renew one year from the Artius Agreement Effective Date, unless the Parties agree to terminate the
Artius Agreement at that time. 

The
Company recorded 0 and 0 as expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, related to this Agreement. 

Maida
Consulting Agreement 

Effective
May 5, 2020, the Company and Dr. Maida entered into an independent consulting agreement, commencing April 1, 2020 (the Maida Agreement ),
under which Dr. Maida will assist the Company in providing medical expertise and advice from time to time in the design, conduct and
oversight of the Company s existing and future clinical trials. For more information on this Agreement, refer to our 2021 Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
Company recorded an expense of 75,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, related to this Agreement as compared to 215,000 during
the same period in 2021. Effective April 1, 2022, Dr Maida s compensation is being by the JVA with GMP Bio. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
 FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by our independent public accounting firm, Rose Snyder and Jacobs,
LLP RSJ for the audit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and other services rendered
during that period and Baker Tilly LLP for fees billed for other services rendered during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 102,000 
 116,600 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

102,000 
 116,600 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consisted of audit work performed on the audit of the annual financial statements, review of quarterly financial statements,
 as well as work that generally only the independent registered public accounting firm can reasonably be expected to provide, such
 as the provision of consents in connection with the filing of registration statements and statutory audits. 
 
 To
 date, we have been invoiced 102,000 by RSJ in connection with the reviews for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and
 September 30, 2022 and annual audit for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We
 paid RSJ 68,000 in connection with the audit for the year ended December 31, 2021. We paid Baker Tilly 48,600 in connection with
 the 2021 quarterly reviews. 

71 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible 

Non-audit
Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consistent
with SEC policies regarding auditor independence, the Audit Committee has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation, and overseeing
the work of the independent registered public accounting firm. In recognition of this responsibility, the Audit Committee has established
a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Prior
to engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate
of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories of services to the Audit Committee for approval. 

1. 
 Audit services include
 audit work performed in the preparation and audit of the annual financial statements, review of quarterly financial statements, as
 well as work that generally only the independent auditor can reasonably be expected to provide, such as the provision of consents
 and comfort letters in connection with the filing of registration statements. 

2. 
 Audit-related services
 are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence related
 to mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

3. 
 Tax services consist
 principally of assistance with tax compliance and reporting, as well as certain tax planning consultations. 

4. 
 Other Fees are those
 associated with services not captured in the other categories. The Company generally does not request such services from the independent
 auditor. 

Prior
to engagement, the Audit Committee pre-approves these services by category of service. The fees are budgeted, and the Audit Committee
requires the independent registered public accounting firm and management to report actual fees versus the budget periodically throughout
the year by category of service. During the year, circumstances may arise when it may become necessary to engage the independent registered
public accounting firm for additional services not contemplated in the original pre-approval. In those instances, the Audit Committee
requires specific pre-approval before engaging the independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member to whom such authority is delegated must
report, for informational purposes only, any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

In
the absence of an Audit Committee, the responsibilities of the Audit Committee are fulfilled by the Board of Directors of the Company.
As such, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the appointment and services of RSJ. 

72 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

See
financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Financial Statements covered by the Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedule 

No
schedules are submitted because they are not applicable, not required or because the information is included in the Financial Statements
as Notes to Financial Statements. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Oncotelic and Oncotelic Acquisition Corporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 2.1 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Oncotelic and Oncotelic Acquisition Corporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 2.1 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 17, 2019, by and among the Company, PointR and Paris Acquisition Corporation. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/21/2019 
 
 2.1 

2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 17, 2019, by and among the Company, PointR Data, Inc. and Paris Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/12/2019 
 
 2.1 

2.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 1, 2019, by and among the Company, PointR Data, Inc. and Paris Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/12/2019 
 
 2.2 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/17/2016 
 
 3.2 

3.2 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended by Certificates of Amendment dated June 22, 1995, November 15, 1996, July 14, 2005, June 2, 2009, February 8, 2010, August 5, 2010, February 22, 2011, May 29, 2012, December 27, 2012, July 17, 2013, June 16, 2016 and June 20, 2018. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2018 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/12/2019 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Form of Series A/B Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/11/2013 
 
 4.1 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/20/2013 
 
 4.1 

73 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 1/31/2014 
 
 4.9 

4.4 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Purchase Warrant. 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 1/31/2014 
 
 4.8 

4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/14/2014 
 
 4.1 

4.6 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/14/2014 
 
 4.2 

4.7 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/23/2014 
 
 4.1 

4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/20/2015 
 
 4.1

4.9 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/2/2016 
 
 4.1

4.10 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant to purchase Common Stock. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/16/2018 
 
 4.1

4.11 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant to purchase Common Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/16/2018 
 
 4.2

4.12 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Purchase Warrant. 
 
 S-1 
 
 6/13/2018 
 
 4.12

4.13 
 
 Form of Debenture, issued by the Company to PeakOne. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 4.1

4.14 
 
 Form of Debenture, issued by the Company to the Bridge Investors. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 4.2

4.15 
 
 Form of Debenture, issued by the Company to Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and TFK Investments, LLC Ex. 4.1 Form of Debenture, issued by the Company to the Bridge Investors. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 4.2

4.16 
 
 Form of Debenture, issued by the Company to Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and TFK Investments, LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/20/2019 
 
 4.1

4.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note between Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. and PointR Data Inc. dated July 22, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/24/2019 
 
 4.1

4.18 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2019, by and among the Company and the investors identified therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/25/2019 
 
 4.1

10.1 
 
 Technology Development Agreement, dated as of May 27, 1997, between the Registrant and the Arizona Board of Regents, acting for and on behalf of Arizona State University. 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/15/1998 
 
 10.9

10.2 
 
 Research Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of December 15, 1999, between OXiGENE Europe AB and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/28/1999 
 
 99.1

74 

10.3 
 
 Amendment and Confirmation of License Agreement No. 206-01.LIC, dated as of June 10, 2002, between the Registrant and the Arizona Board of Regents, acting for and on behalf of Arizona State University. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2002 
 
 10.29

10.4 
 
 Termination Agreement by and between OXiGENE Europe AB and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company dated as of February 15, 2002. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2002 
 
 10.14

10.5 
 
 License Agreement No. 206-01.LIC by and between the Arizona Board of Regents, acting on behalf of and for Arizona State University, and OXiGENE Europe AB, dated August 2, 1999. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 8/12/2003 
 
 10.27

10.6 
 
 Research and License Agreement between the Registrant and Baylor University, dated June 1, 1999. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 8/12/2003 
 
 10.28

10.7 
 
 Agreement to Amend Research and License Agreement between the Registrant and Baylor University, dated April 23, 2002. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 8/12/2003 
 
 10.29

10.8 
 
 Addendum to Research and License Agreement between the Registrant and Baylor University, dated April 14, 2003. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 8/12/2003 
 
 10.30

10.9 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Mateon s 2005 Stock Plan. + 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/14/2006 
 
 10.29

10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under Mateon s 2005 Stock Plan. + 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/14/2006 
 
 10.30

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under Mateon s 2005 Stock Plan. + 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/14/2006 
 
 10.31 

10.12 
 
 Lease between Broadway 701 Gateway Fee LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company, as Landlord, and the Registrant, as Tenant, dated October 10, 2008. 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/30/2009 
 
 10.59 

10.13 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/13/2012 
 
 10.2 

10.14 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease, dated as of April 1, 2013, by and between the Registrant and DWF III Gateway, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/9/2013 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease, dated April 28, 2014, by and between the Registrant and DWF III Gateway, LLC. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/8/2014 
 
 10.1 

10.16 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and William D. Schwieterman, dated as of May 12, 2015. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/6/2015 
 
 10.1 

75 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Matthew M. Loar, dated as of July 20, 2015. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/6/2015 
 
 10.2 

10.18 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under Mateon s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/6/2015 
 
 10.6 

10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and between William D. Schwieterman, dated as of July 31, 2015. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/6/2015 
 
 10.7 

10.20 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and David J. Chaplin, effective as of January 1, 2017. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/2016 
 
 10.1 

10.21 
 
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, effective October 25, 2016. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/2016 
 
 10.2 

10.22 
 
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/13/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.23 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under Mateon s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. + 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/13/2017 
 
 10.2 

10.24 
 
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. 2005 Stock Plan (as amended and restated on January 12, 2017). + 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/13/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and William D. Schwieterman, dated as of October 2, 2017. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Matthew M. Loar, dated as of October 2, 2017. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.2 

10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and David J. Chaplin, dated as of October 2, 2017. + 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/14/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.28 
 
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on May 7, 2018). + 
 
 Definitive
 Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A 
 
 05/07/2018 
 
 Appendix
 A 

10.29 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for private placement transaction entered into on April 12, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/16/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.30 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for private placement transaction entered into on April 12, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/16/2018 
 
 10.2 

76 

10.31 
 
 Engagement Letter, dated February 7, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Divine Capital Markets LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/16/2018 
 
 10.3 

10.32 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated April 17, 2019 by and between the Company and William D. Schwieterman, M.D. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.33 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company and Peak One 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.34 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company and the Bridge Investors. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/18/2019 
 
 10.3 

10.35 
 
 Contingent Value Rights Agreement, dated April 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Oncotelic and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.36 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and TFK Investments, LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.37 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company and the Bridge Investors 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/25/2019 
 
 10.3 

10.38 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2019, by and among the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. and TFK Investments, LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/20/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.39 
 
 Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 12, 2019 by and between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/20/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.40 
 
 Separation Agreement dated as of July 1, 2019 by and between the Company and Matthew M. Loar Ex. 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/5/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.41 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement between Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. and PointR Data Inc. dated July 22, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/24/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.42 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 23, 2019 between the Company and Dr. Vuong Trieu. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/29/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.43 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 23, 2019 between the Company and Dr. Fatih Uckun. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 11/25/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.44 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 23, 2019 between the Company and Dr. Chulho Park. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/29/2019 
 
 10.3 

77 

10.45 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 23, 2019 between the Company and Mr. Amit Shah. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/29/2019 
 
 10.4 

10.46 
 
 Investigational Product Supply and Use Authorization Agreement for OT-101 U.S. Expanded Access (IPSUA) dated September 5, 2019, between WideTrial and Oncotelic. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/10/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.47 
 
 Agreement for Delivery and Licensed Use of Data Generated from OT-101 U.S. Expanded Access (Data License 1) dated September 5, 2019 between WideTrial and Oncotelic. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/10/2019 
 
 10.2 

10.48 
 
 Agreement for Delivery and Licensed Use of WideTrial Bonus Dataset (Data License 2 Agreement) dated September 5, 2019 between WideTrial and Oncotelic. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/10/2019 
 
 10.3 

10.49 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note, issued by the Company under the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of November 23, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/25/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.50 
 
 Research and Services Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/23/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.51 
 
 Supplement Research and Services Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/23/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.52 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note dated April 21, 2020 between Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/27/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.53 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant to purchase Common Stock. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 06/12/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.54 
 
 Agreement between Oncotelic Inc, Autotelic Inc. and Autotelic BIO. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/16/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.55 
 
 Consulting Agreement by Between the Company and Artius, dated March 9, 2020 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 6/22/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.56 
 
 Consulting Agreement by Between the Company and Dr. Maida, dated May 5, 2020 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 6/22/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.57 
 
 Loan, Secured Convertible Note Purchase, and Security Agreement between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners, LLC dated June 27, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 10.57 

10.58 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners, LLC dated June 27, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 10.58 

10.59 
 
 License, Development and Commercialization Agreement between Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. and Windlas Biotech Private Limited dated November 10, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 10.59 

78 

10.60 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/02/2021 
 
 10.60 

10.61 
 
 Subscription Agreement by and between the Company and certain accredited investors dated 
 
 8-K 
 
 03/26/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.62 
 
 Form of Registration Statement to register additional shares of Common Stock under 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8

04/19/2021 
 
 10.62 

10.63 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Peak One Opportunity Fund L.P dated May 3, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 05/07/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.64 
 
 Form for Registration of Securities 
 
 S-1 
 
 05/24/2021 

10.65 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Geneva Roth Remark Holding, Inc dated May 25, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 06/01/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.66 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement and by and between the Company and Geneva Roth Remark Holding, Inc dated Jube 28, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 07/02/2021

10.66 

10.67 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Autotelic Inc. dated August 4, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 08/05/2021 
 
 10.2 

10.68 
 
 Licensing Agreement by and between the Company and Autotelic Inc dated August 31, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/03/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.69 
 
 Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners LLC dated September 21, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 09/27/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.70 
 
 Licensing Agreement by and between the Company and Autotelic Inc dated September 30, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/04/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.71 
 
 Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners LLC dated October 25, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10/28/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.72 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and certain accredited investors 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/01/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.73 
 
 Form of Convertible Notes by and between the Company certain accredited investors 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/01/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.74 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners dated January 31, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/02/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.75 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company dated January 31, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/02/2022 
 
 10.2 

79 

10.76 
 
 Form of Warrants issued by the Company to certain Investors, under the extension of Notes dated February 9, 2022 of the Note Purchase Agreement dated July 23, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 02/15/2022 
 
 10.76 

10.77 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and certain accredited investors dated March 29, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/04/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.78 
 
 Form of Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and Dragon Overseas Capital Limited dated March 31, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.78 
 
 License Agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. and GMP Biotechnology Limited dated March 31, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.79 
 
 License Agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. and Sapu Holdings, LLC dated March 31, 2022 

8-K 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.80 
 
 Independent consulting agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. and Fatih Uckun, MD, Ph.D. dated May 1, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/6/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.81 
 
 Independent consulting agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. and Seymour Fein, MD dated May 1, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/6/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.82 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics Inc. and certain accredited investors dated May 27, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/3/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.83 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Oncotelic Therapeutics Inc. and certain accredited investors dated June 22, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/27/2022 
 
 10.1 

23.1 
 
 Consent of the Independent Registered Accounting Firm 

x 

14.1 
 
 Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 10-K 
 
 3/30/2015 
 
 14.1 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

x 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

x 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

x 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

x 

101.1 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

x 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

x 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

x 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

x 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

x 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

x 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

x 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Confidential
 treatment has been granted for portions of this Exhibit. Redacted portions filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

+ 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Oncotelic
 Therapeutics, Inc. 

(Formerly
 Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.) 

/s/
 VUONG TRIEU 

By: 
 VUONG
 TRIEU, PH. D. 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
April 14, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 VUONG TRIEU 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Vuong
 Trieu, Ph. D. 
 
 Board
 and Director (Principal executive officer) 

/s/
 AMIT SHAH 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal financial 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Amit
 Shah 
 
 and
 accounting officer) 

/s/
 STEVEN KING 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Steven
 King 

/s/
 ANTHONY MAIDA 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Anthony
 Maida, M.D., Ph. D. 

81 

Oncotelic
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Index
to Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 F-8 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-9 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Oncotelic
Therapeutics, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated
deficit and a working capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Convertible
Debt Accounting 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into various capital raising transactions whereby
it issued convertible debt with other instruments, including warrants and shares of common stock. 

We
identified the accounting for the issuance of these convertible notes as a critical audit matter. Accounting for the issuance of convertible
debt was complex due to the evaluation of the terms of the agreements as well as the inherent estimation uncertainty in the Company s
valuation of the beneficial conversion feature, note agreements and warrants. The Company allocated the proceeds among the freestanding
financial instruments that were issued in the respective transactions using the relative fair value method, which affects the determination
of each financial instruments initial carrying amount. The Company utilized the relative fair value method as none of the freestanding
financial instruments issued as part of the transactions are measured at fair value. Under the relative fair value method, the Company
made separate estimates of the fair value of each freestanding financial instrument and then allocated the proceeds in proportion to
those fair value amounts. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Obtaining
 an understanding of the Company s process to account for the issuance of convertible notes, warrants and shares of common stock 

Reviewing
 the underlying agreements associated with these transactions 

Reviewing
 the Company s position papers addressing the accounting for these transactions and assessing the appropriateness of the positions 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the assessment of relative fair values 

F- 3 

Evaluation
of Goodwill for Impairment 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, reporting unit goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually
or when events or circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying value. This analysis involves comparing
events and circumstances such as general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market and whether there has
been sustained declines in share price. These fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions and judgments, such as projections
of operating expenditures, discount rates, and future economic conditions. 

During
the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company experienced a sustained decrease in its share price, and as of December 31, 2022,
the Company s market capitalization and uncertain economic conditions, which adversely impacted the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
industry, were indicative of an impairment. Pursuant to current accounting guidance, management performed a quantitative analysis and
concluded that goodwill was impaired and the Company recorded an impairment charge of 4.1M during the year ended December 31, 2022.
At December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill balance was 12M. 

Auditing
management s annual impairment tests for goodwill was complex because of the significant judgement required to evaluate the management
assumptions described above used to determine the fair value of the reporting units. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the evaluation of goodwill for impairment included the following, among others: 

a. 
 We
 considered the design and operating effectiveness of certain controls over the Company s annual impairment assessments of intangible
 assets and goodwill. We considered the material weaknesses related to management s internal controls in determining the nature,
 timing and extent of the audit tests applied in our audit. 

b. 
 We
 evaluated managements significant accounting policies related to the impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets
 for reasonableness. 

c. 
 We
 evaluated management s assessment of qualitative factors relating to the goodwill valuation by reviewing information regarding
 economic growth forecast, industry outlook, and business environment, as well as accumulating our understanding of the Company s
 reporting unit s performance. 

d. 
 With
 respect to the Company s valuation of its sole reporting unit: 

1. 
 We
 assessed the qualifications and competence of management 

2. 
 We
 evaluated the methodologies used to determine the fair value of the Company s reporting unit 

3. 
 We
 reperformed management s quantitative analysis to assess the impact of goodwill impairment 

e. 
 We
 assessed the adequacy of the Company s disclosures regarding impairment assessments included in Note 2 and Note 3. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 4 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid other current assets 

Total current assets 

Intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and as of Dec 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 

In process R D 

Goodwill, net of impairment 

Investment in GMP Bio at fair value 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable - related party 

Contingent consideration 

Derivative liability on notes 

Convertible and short-term debt, net of costs 

Convertible debt and short-term debt - related party, net of costs 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity: 

Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized;
 and 
 issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Goodwill impairment (See note 2 and 3) 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Gain on derecognition of non-financial asset 
 
 - 
 
 Reimbursement for expenses - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative on debt 

Loss on debt conversion 

Total other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) before non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. 

Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stock 

Basic weighted average common stock outstanding 

Diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stock 

Diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Non controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2022 
 - 

Common shares issued upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with note extension 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Beneficial Conversion Feature on convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Contribution from shareholder for payment of liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued in connection with debt conversion 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Non controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Balance 

Common shares issued upon conversion of Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued upon conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common shares issued in lieu of restricted stock units 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common shares issued for cash 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Beneficial Conversion Feature on convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with private placement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with debt issuance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Increase in non-controlling interest from issuance of additional Edgepoint
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net Income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Balance 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on derecognition of non-financial asset 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount and deferred finance costs 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Loss on debt conversion 

Warrants issued in connection with private placement 

Stock compensation expense 

Change in fair value of derivative 

R D Expenses paid by debt 
 - 

Common shares issued in lieu of restricted stock units 
 - 

Common shares issued in lieu of services 
 - 

PPP loan forgiven 
 - 

Depreciation on development equipment 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from private placement 
 - 

Proceeds from sales of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

Repaid to convertible note holder 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible notes and short term loans 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible debt for JV 
 - 

Proceeds from short term loans, others 

Repaid to note holder 
 - 

Repaid to others 
 - 

Proceeds from Payroll Protection Plan 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash - end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Warrants issued in connection with private placement debt 

Beneficial Conversion Feature on convertible debt and restricted common shares 

Common shares issued upon partial conversion of debt 

Contribution from shareholder for payment of liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued in lieu of services 
 - 

Common shares issued in lieu of restricted stock units 
 - 

PPP Loan forgiven 
 - 

Non-cash cost upon sale of common stock 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to
render services and was paid for the development of OT-101. In 2020 and 2021, the Company was developing Artemisinin as a potential therapy
for COVID-19. Artemisinin, purified from a plant Artemisia annua . For more information on GMP and Artemisinin, refer to our 2021
Annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation 

In
March 2021, the Company received approval from the Financial Industry regulatory Authority FINRA on its notice
of corporate action to change the name of the Company from Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. to Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc, and the Company s
ticker symbol has changed from MATN to OTLC . 

In
January 2021, the Company filed an additional amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter Amendment ),
with the Secretary of State for the State of Delaware, which Charter Amendment went effective immediately upon acceptance by the Secretary
of State for the State of Delaware. The Charter Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of Common Stock from 
shares to shares. 

In
addition, the Company registered an additional total of shares of its Common Stock, which may be issued pursuant to the Company s
Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). As such, the total number of shares of the Company s
Common Stock available for issuance under the 2015 plan is . 

Fundraising 

J.H.
Darbie Financing Notes Issuance of Oncotelic Warrants 

In
February 2022, the Company and 99 out of 100 of the Investors agreed to extend the maturity date of the notes connected to the Units
from March 31, 2022 to March 31, 2023. In addition, the Company issued approximately million warrants to purchase of shares
of common stock of the Company in connection with agreeing to extend the maturity date by one year. The issuance of the additional warrants
resulted in the Company recording an expense of approximately million in the Company s statement of operations during the
year ended December 31, 2022. For more information on the JD Darbie financing, refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Equity
Purchase Agreement 

In
May 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the EPL and Registration Rights Agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement with Peak One Opportunity Fund, L.P. Peak One ), pursuant to
which the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct Peak One to purchase up to million (the Maximum
Commitment Amount in shares of the common stock, par value per share Common Stock in multiple
tranches. The Company filed a post-effective amendment to reregister the EPL on April 26, 2022 and the post-effective amendment was found
effective by the SEC on May 6, 2022. Since the EPL was made effective in June 2021 till September 30, 2022, the Company has directed
Peak One, on multiple occasions, for an aggregate of million shares of Common Stock for aggregate net cash proceeds of approximately
 million. For more information on the EPL, refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Geneva
Roth Remark Notes 

In
May 2021, the Company consummated the closing of a private placement transaction whereby, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
(the Geneva Agreement entered into with Geneva Roth Remark Geneva ), the Company issued a
convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note 1 ). Further in June 2021, the
Company issued an additional convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of Note 2 ,
and collectively with Note 1, the Notes ). For more information on the debt financing of the Company, refer to Note
5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

August
2021 Notes 

In
August 2021, the Company issued Note Purchase Agreements with Autotelic Inc., the Company s Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
and certain other accredited investors. Under the terms of the Note Purchase Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 
(the Principal Amount in debt in the form of unsecured convertible promissory notes (collectively, the Notes ).
The Notes are unsecured, and provide for interest at the rate of per annum. Such Notes were issued against some of the short-term
debt due as of June 30, 2021. For more information on the debt financing of the Company, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

November/December
2021 and March Notes 

In
November / December 2021, the Company entered into various Securities Purchase Agreements with Talos Victory Fund, LLC (the Talos ), Mast Hill Fund, LP Mast ), FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC FirstFire ),
Blue Lake Partners, LLC Blue Lake and Fourth Man, LLC Fourth Man ), pursuant to which the Company
issued convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 
million each, aggregating gross 
million (the Notes ), which Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share Common Stock ). 

In
January 2022, three of the five note holders under the November / December 2021 Notes exercised their warrants to purchase shares of
Common Stock of the Company on a cashless basis. As such, the Company issued the note holders 
shares of Common Stock. 

In
March 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, pursuant to which the pursuant to which the
Company issued convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 
million, which Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of
December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default and available for conversion to OTLC shares due to cross default provision
contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This Note was undertaken by the Company
pursuant to the Darbie Agreement. 

In
August 2022, the Company converted of Fourth
Man Note into shares of common stock. Further in September 2022, the Company converted of Blue Lake note into 
shares of common stock. 

In
October 2022, Fourth Man exercised their warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company on a cashless basis. As such, the
Company issued the note holder shares of Common Stock. 

In
December 2022, the Company partially converted 
of Fourth Man Note into shares of common stock. 

For
more information on the debt financing of the Company, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

May
2022 Note 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast, pursuant to which the Company issued convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 
million, which note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of
December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default and available for conversion to OTLC shares due to cross default provision
contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This note was used to fully repay November 2021 Talos note and the December
2021 First Fire note. 
of the First Fire Note was converted into 
shares of Common Stock and the balance was repaid in cash 

In
June 2022, Mast fully converted their November 2021 Note, for which the company issued shares of Common Stock. 

For
more information on the debt financing of the Company, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

June
2022 Note 

In
June 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Blue Lake, pursuant to which the Company issued convertible
promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 
million, which note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of
December 31, 2022, this note is in technical default and available for conversion to OTLC shares due to cross default provision
contained in November / December 2021 Notes. This note was utilized for corporate expenses. 

For
more information on the debt financing of the Company, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

GMP
Note purchase agreements and unsecured notes 

In
August 2021 the Company, the Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), and GMP executed a letter of intent and
a non-binding term sheet the Term Sheet ), which Term Sheet included certain binding terms relating to a standstill
agreement and the issuance of a convertible promissory note (as more fully described below). 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of million (the September
2021 Note ), which September 2021 Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

In
October 2021, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the October Purchase Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of million (the October
2021 Note ), which October 2021 Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

In
January 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the January Purchase Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of million (the January
2022 Note ), which January 2022 Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

For
more information on the GMP debt financing, refer to Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Joint
Venture with GMP Bio 

In
March 2022, the Company formalized a joint venture JV with Dragon Overseas Capital Limited Dragon and GMP Biotechnology Limited GMP Bio ), both affiliates of GMP. Although no assurances can be given, the Company
and GMP currently intend to conduct an initial public offering of the JV, at a future date, on either the Hong Kong Exchange or other
stock exchange. 

For more information on the JV, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Pet2DAO 

In
November 2022, the Company formed a Decentralized autonomous organization DAO entity, Pet2DAO LLC Pet2DAO ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary. A DAO is an emerging form of legal structure, that has no central
governing body, and whose members share a common goal to act in the best interest of the entity. Pet2DAO is a DAO technology company,
integrating the strong governance of traditional corporations with the innovative DAO architecture. The Company will look to engage stakeholders,
to build value through the DAO, while maintaining the rigor of traditional corporations, including governance, compliance, and accountability
through a team of veterans in public companies with innovators in AI, blockchain and Web3. Pet2DAO will initially be looking to
develop products for the animal health space. The Company will initially issue regular tokens and non-fungible tokens NFT 
and cumulatively Tokens of Pet2DAO called PDAO to its employees, shareholders and key opinion leaders KOLs and use the Tokens to propose and vote on various animal health related programs. In the future, the Company will evaluate and plan to
register these tokens with the SEC to make such Tokens freely tradable at a future point in time. 

Licensing
Agreement with Autotelic Inc. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive License Agreement (the Agreement with Autotelic, Inc. Autotelic ),
pursuant to which Autotelic granted Oncotelic, among other things: (i) the exclusive right and license to certain Autotelic Patents (as
defined in the Agreement) and Autotelic Know-How (as defined in the Agreement); and (ii) a right of first refusal to acquire at least
a majority of the outstanding capital stock of Autotelic prior to Autotelic entering into any transaction that is a financing collaboration,
distribution revenues, earn-outs, sales, out-licensing, purchases, debt, royalties, merger acquisition, change of control, transfer of
cash or non-cash assets, disposition of capital stock by way of tender or exchange offer, partnership or any other joint or collaborative
venture, research collaboration, material transfer, sponsored research or similar transaction or agreements. In exchange for the rights
granted to Oncotelic, Autotelic will be entitled to earn the milestone payments of up to million upon achievement of certain financial,
development and regulatory milestones. In addition to the milestone payments, Autotelic would be entitled to earn royalties equal to
 of the net sales of any products that incorporate the Autotelic Patents or Autotelic Know-How. The Agreement contains representations,
warranties and indemnification provisions of each of the parties thereto that are customary for transactions of this type. For more information
on the Agreement, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Oncotelic, PointR and Edgepoint
for which there are non-controlling interests. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The
Company has incurred net losses of approximately 
million since inception of Oncotelic Inc. as the Company s historical financial statements before the Merger have been
replaced with the historical financial statements of Oncotelic Inc. prior to the Merger in the financial statements and filings. The
Company also has a negative working capital of 
million at December 31, 2022, of which approximately 
million is attributable to assumed negative working capital of the Company and 
million contingent liability of issuance of common shares of the Company to PointR shareholders upon achievement of certain
milestones in accordance with the PointR Merger Agreement. The Company has negative cash flows from operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of approximately million. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of this filing. Management expects to incur significantly lower
costs and losses in the foreseeable future, as a majority of the costs related with the development of OT-101 will be incurred by
the JV, but the Company also recognizes the need to raise capital to remain viable. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

The
Company s long-term plans include continued development of its current pipeline of products, in addition to continue the development
of OT-101 which is exclusively out-licensed to the JV and the JV will be responsible for the funding required to support the development
in entirety, to generate sufficient revenues, through either technology transfer or product sales, or raise additional financing to cover
its anticipated expenses. Until the Company is able to generate sufficient revenues from its current pipeline, the Company plans on funding
its operations through the sale of equity and/or the issuance of debt, combined with or without warrants or other equity instruments. 

Between
July 2020 and March 2021, the Company raised gross proceeds of million, through JH Darbie Financing. The Company incurred million
of costs associated with the raise, of which million was paid as direct placement fees to JH Darbie. JH Darbie and the Company
are parties to a placement agent agreement, dated February 25, 2020 pursuant to which JH Darbie has the right to sell a minimum of 
Units and a maximum of Units on a best-efforts basis. Concurrently with the sale of the Units, JH Darbie was granted, a warrant,
exercisable over a five-year period, to purchase 10 of the number of Units sold in the JH Darbie Financing. As such, the Company granted
 Units to JH Darbie pursuant to the JH Darbie Placement Agreement. 

In
addition to the JH Darbie Financing, the Company raised approximately million from the Equity Purchase Agreement with Peak One,
 million from Note Agreements with GMP, approximately million from from Autotelic Inc., a related party, and million from
various investors in Notes from March 2022, May 2022 and June 2022 financing. 

Although
no assurances can be given as to the Company s ability to deliver on its revenue plans, or that unforeseen expenses may arise,
management believes that the potential equity and debt financing or other potential financing will provide the necessary funding for
the Company to continue as a going concern. Also, management cannot guarantee any potential debt or equity financing will be available
on favorable terms or at all. As such, management does not believe the Company has sufficient cash for 12 months from the date of this
report. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, the Company will need to curtail operations, or cease operations
completely. 

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are as follows: 

Level
 1 Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets
 are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information
 on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities
 and listed equities. 

Level
 2 Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly
 observable as of the reported date. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation
 methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices
 for commodities, time value, volatility factors and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well
 as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full
 term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed
 in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest
 rate swaps, options and collars. 

Level
 3 Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be
 used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

The
Company did not have any Level 1 or Level 2 assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 
 - 

The
table below sets forth a summary of the recording of the initial value of the long-term value of investment in equity securities of GMP
Bio, based on a third-party valuation report, and changes in the fair value of such equity securities, if such change occurs, as a Level
3 fair value as of December 31, 2022. The Company did not own similar long-term investments as of December 31, 2021: 

Gain on derecognition of non-financial asset 

Change in fair value 
 - 

Balance at December, 2022 

New derivative liability 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reclassification to additional paid in capital from conversion of debt to common stock 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Balance at the end of the year ended 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the
convertible debentures based on assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model. The key valuation assumptions used consists, in
part, of the price of the Company s Common Stock, a risk-free interest rate based on the yield of a Treasury note and expected
volatility of the Company s Common Stock all as of the measurement dates. The Company used the following assumptions to estimate
fair value of the derivatives as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 

Market price of share 
 - 

Life of instrument in years 
 - 

Volatility 
 - 

Dividend yield 

When
the Company changes its valuation inputs for measuring financial liabilities at fair value, either due to changes in current market conditions
or other factors, it may need to transfer those liabilities to another level in the hierarchy based on the new inputs used. The Company
recognizes these transfers at the end of the reporting period that the transfers occur. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were no transfers of financial assets or financial liabilities between the hierarchy levels. 

The
 of contingent consideration, of shares issuable to PointR shareholders which was recorded and associated with the PointR Merger,
is also classified as Level 3 fair value measurements. The Company initially recorded the contingency based on a valuation conducted
by a third-party valuation expert. The valuation was based on a probability of the completion of certain milestones by PointR for the
shareholders to earn additional shares. The Company evaluated the probability of the earning of the milestones and concluded that the
probability of achievement of the milestones had not changed, primarily due to the shifting of focus by the Company to develop AI technologies
for the COVID-19 pandemic. As such, the Company did not record any change to the valuation during the years ended December 31, 2022 or
2021, respectively; and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Add: Dilutive common stock equivalents 

Stock options outstanding 

Warrants outstanding 

Convertible debt, convertible into common stock 

Diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

impairment losses recognized for intangible assets. When we sell or contribute properties to unconsolidated
arrangements and retain a non-controlling ownership interest in such assets, we recognize the difference between the consideration received
and the carrying amount of the asset sold or contributed. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we derecognized the intangibles of 
million associated with OT-101 upon the transfer of our non-financial asset as a capital contribution for our ownership in the JV. 

million on our goodwill,
based on the difference between the carrying value of our goodwill as against the market capitalization of the Company. No similar
loss was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Further, for the year ended December 31, 2022, we derecognized the
goodwill of million
associated with OT-101 upon the transfer of our non-financial asset as a capital contribution for our 
ownership in the JV. For more information on goodwill and impairment, refer to Note 3 to these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The
Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from
their host instruments) in accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options. Accordingly,
the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments
based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying Common Stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the
effective conversion price embedded in the note. Original issue discounts OID under these arrangements are amortized
over the term of the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records, when necessary, deemed dividends for
the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying
Common Stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. 

ASC
815-40 Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity provides that, among other things, generally,
if an event occurs that is not within the entity s control could or would require net cash settlement, then the contract shall
be classified as an asset or a liability. 

each, respectively. The VIE s
net assets were less than approximately million and approximately million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

To
the extent that we own interests in a VIE and we (i) have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic
performance of the VIE and (ii) have the obligation or rights to absorb losses or receive benefits that could potentially be significant
to the VIE, then we would be determined to be the primary beneficiary and would consolidate the VIE. To the extent that we own interests
in a VIE, then at each reporting period, we re-assess our conclusions as to which, if any, party within the VIE is considered the primary
beneficiary. 

To
the extent that our arrangements do not qualify as VIEs, they are consolidated if we control them through majority ownership interests
or if we are the managing entity (general partner or managing member) and our partner does not have substantive participating rights.
Control is further demonstrated by our ability to unilaterally make significant operating decisions, refinance debt, and sell the assets
of the joint venture without the consent of the non-managing entity and the inability of the non-managing entity to remove us from our
role as the managing entity. 

We
use the equity method of accounting for those arrangements where we exercise significant influence but do not have control. Under the
equity method of accounting, our investment in each arrangement is included on our consolidated balance sheet; however, the assets and
liabilities of the joint ventures for which we use the equity method are not included on our consolidated balance sheet. 

When
we sell or contribute properties to unconsolidated arrangements and retain a non-controlling ownership interest in such assets, we recognize
the difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the asset sold or contributed when its derecognition criteria
are met. The equity method investment we retain in such partial sale transactions is noncash consideration and is measured at fair value.
As a result, the accounting for a partial sale will result in the recognition of a full gain or loss. 

When
circumstances indicate there may have been a reduction in the value of an equity investment, we evaluate whether the loss in value is
other than temporary. If we conclude it is other than temporary, we recognize an impairment charge to reflect the equity investment at
fair value. 

The
Company elected the fair value option under the fair value option Subsection of Section 825-10-15 to account for its equity-method investment
as the Company believes that the fair value option is most appropriate for a company in the biotechnology industry, The fair value option
is more appropriate for companies that are involved in extensive and usually very expensive research and development efforts, which are
not appropriately reflected in the market value or reflective of the true value of the development activities of the company 

The
Company occasionally collects advance payments from customers toward commitments to provide services or performance obligations, in which
case the advance payment is recorded as a liability until the obligations are fulfilled and revenue is recognized. 

million. Upon the non-financial sale of our asset as contribution to our equity method investment, we derecognized the balance of the
carrying value of our goodwill of approximately 
million from the Oncotelic Merger in accordance with our policy and authoritative accounting guidance. 

Further,
we added goodwill of upon the completion of the Merger with PointR. 

We
have one operating segment and reporting unit. Accordingly, our review of goodwill impairment indicators was performed at the entity-wide
level. In performing our annual impairment assessment, we determined if we should qualitatively assess whether it was more likely than
not the fair value of goodwill was less than its carrying amount (the qualitative impairment test). The factors we considered in the
assessment included our market capitalization, general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market and whether
there had been sustained declines in our share price. If we concluded, it was more likely than not, the fair value of the reporting unit
was less than its carrying amount, or elected not to use the qualitative impairment test, a quantitative impairment test would be performed. 

We
used our market capitalization as an indicator of fair value. While we believe the fair value measurement need not be based solely on
the quoted market price of an individual share of our Common Stock, and that we also could consider the impact of a control premium in
measuring the fair value of its reporting unit. In the absence of any other valuation metrics, the Company believed using a control premium
utilized would not be appropriate under the current circumstances. We also considered some other market comparables, trends in our stock
price as well as the industry over a period of two successive quarters and prospective quarter to evaluate whether the fair value of
our reporting unit was greater than our carrying amount. As such, we performed a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill for our
single reporting unit at the end of 2022, due to a sustained decline in our market capitalization and an increase in negative economic
outlook for biotech markets We estimated and reconciled the fair value of our reporting unit utilizing our market capitalization based
on the stock price of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. Before completing our goodwill impairment test, we first tested our indefinite-lived
intangible asset then our remaining long-lived assets for impairment. We concluded our indefinite-lived intangible assets were not impaired.
Based on the market capitalization, we further concluded the fair value of our single reporting unit was less than its carrying value
and therefore recognized an impairment charge of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The calculation of the impairment
charge included substantial fact-based determinations and estimates. The goodwill impairment charge is reflected as goodwill impairment
in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Less: Derecognition upon recording of gain on non-financial asset 
 
 - 
 
 Less; Goodwill impairment due to market capitalization 
 
 - 

Balance at the end of the year ended 

In
general, the goodwill is tested on an annual impairment date of December 31, unless we observe any further deterioration in our market capitalization, in which case we may, depending on the
materiality of the impairment, record an impairment at the end of other reporting periods. 

Assignment
and Assumption Agreement with Autotelic, Inc. 

In
April 2018, Oncotelic Inc. entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with Autotelic
Inc., an affiliate company, and Autotelic LLC, an affiliate company, pursuant to which Oncotelic acquired the rights to all intellectual
property IP related to a patented product. As consideration for the Assignment Agreement, Oncotelic Inc. issued
 shares of its Common Stock for a value of . The Assignment Agreement also provides that Oncotelic Inc. shall be responsible
for all costs related to the IP, including development and maintenance, going forward. 

Intangible
Asset Summary 

In
April 2018, Oncotelic Inc. entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with Autotelic
Inc., an affiliate company, and Autotelic LLC, an affiliate company, pursuant to which Oncotelic acquired the rights to all intellectual
property IP related to a patented product. As consideration for the Assignment Agreement, Oncotelic Inc. issued
 shares of its Common Stock for a value of . The Assignment Agreement also provides that Oncotelic Inc. shall be responsible
for all costs related to the IP, including development and maintenance, going forward. 

Intangible asset Capitalization of license cost 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Less: Derecognition of carrying value upon transfer of non-financial asset 

Total 
 - 

December 31, 2021 
 Remaining Estimated Useful Life (Years) 
 
 Intangible asset Intellectual property 

Intangible asset Capitalization of license cost 

Less Accumulated Amortization 

Total 

Amortization
of identifiable intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Upon the non-financial
sale of our asset as contribution to our equity method investment of approximately million, we derecognized the balance of the carrying
value of our intangibles in accordance with our policy and authoritative accounting guidance. 

There
will be no future yearly amortization expense related to our intangibles. 

In-Process
Research Development IPR D Summary 

The
IPR D assets were acquired in the PointR Merger during the year ended December 31, 2019. Since January 2021, the Company has determined
that the IPR D should be reported as an indefinitely lived asset and therefore will evaluate, on an annual basis, for any impairment
on the IPR D and will record an impairment if identified. The Company evaluated the qualitative conditions to see if the asset was impaired and concluded that the assets were
not impaired. The balance of IPR D as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
was . For more information on the IPR D, please refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April
15, 2022. 

Accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities, current 

December
 31, 
 2022 

December
 31, 
 2021 

Accounts
 payable related party 

10 Convertible note payable, due April 23, 2022 Related Party 

10 Convertible note payable, due August 6, 2022 Bridge Investor 

Fall 2019 Notes 

5 Convertible note payable Stephen Boesch 

5 Convertible note payable Related Party 

5 Convertible note payable Dr. Sanjay Jha (Through his family trust) 

5 Convertible note payable CEO, CTO CFO Related Parties 

5 Convertible note payable Bridge Investors 

August 2021 Convertible Notes 

5 Convertible note Autotelic Inc Related Party 

5 Convertible note Bridge investors 

5 Convertible note CFO Related Party 

JH Darbie PPM Debt 

16 Convertible Notes - Non-related parties 
 
 - 
 
 16 Convertible Notes CEO Related Party 
 
 - 

- 

November/December 2021 March 2022 Notes 

12 Convertible Notes Accredited Investors 
 
 - 

Debt for Clinical Trials GMP 

2 Convertible Notes GMP 
 
 - 

May and June 2022 Note 

12 Convertible Notes Accredited Investors 
 
 - 

Other Debt 

Short term debt CEO 
 - 

Short term debt Bridge investors 

Short term debt from CFO Related Party 

Short term debt Autotelic Inc Related Party 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Total of convertible debentures notes and other debt 

Convertible
Debentures 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a derivative liability of approximately and recorded a change in fair value of approximately
 on the Convertible Debentures issued in 2019 to our CEO and a bridge investor. 

Bridge
Financing 

Notes
with Officer and Bridge Investor 

In
April 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Bridge SPA with our CEO (the Trieu
Note and a Bridge Investor with a commitment to purchase convertible notes in the aggregate of . For more information
on the Bridge SPA, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
issuance of the Trieu Note resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling related to the conversion
feature. Total amortization of the OID and the discount totaled approximately and for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Total unamortized discount on this note was approximately and as of December 31,
2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

In
April 2019, pursuant to the Bridge SPA the Company entered into Convertible Note Tranche #1 Tranche #1 with the
Bridge Investor. For more information on Tranche #1, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
issuance of the note resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling . Total amortization of the OID and
discount totaled approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Total unamortized
discount on this note was approximately and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

In
August 2019, pursuant to the Bridge SPA the Company entered into Convertible Note Tranche #2 Tranche #2 with the
Bridge Investor. For more information on Tranche #2, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
issuance of the note resulted in a discount from the beneficial conversion feature totaling . Total amortization of the OID and
discount totaled approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Total unamortized
discount on this note was and as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Fall
2019 Debt Financing 

In
December 2019, the Company closed its Fall 2019 Debt Financing, raising an additional bringing the gross proceeds of all debt
financings under the Fall 2019 Debt Financing to . The Company entered into those certain Note Purchase Agreements (the Fall
2019 Note Purchase Agreements with certain accredited investors and the officers of the Company for the sale of convertible
promissory notes (the Fall 2019 Notes ). The Company completed the initial closing under the Fall 2019 Note Purchase
Agreements in November 2019. The Company issued Fall 2019 Notes in the principal amount of to each of Dr. Vuong Trieu, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, and Stephen Boesch, in exchange for gross proceeds of . In connection with the second and final closing
of the Fall 2019 Debt Financing, the Company issued Fall 2019 Notes to additional investors including to Dr. Sanjay Jha, through
his family trust, the former CEO of Motorola and COO/President of Qualcomm. The Company also offset certain amounts due to Dr. Vuong
Trieu, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chulho Park, the Company s then Chief Technology Officer, and Amit Shah, the
Company s Chief Financial Officer, all related parties as Officers of the Company, and converted such amounts due into the Fall
2019 Notes. due to Dr. Vuong Trieu, due to Chulho Park and due to Amit Shah were converted into convertible debt
under the Fall 2019 Notes. The Company also issued the Fall 2019 Notes of to two accredited investors. The Company repaid 
and of principal for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. The total unamortized principal
amount of the Fall 2019 Notes was as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

All
the Fall 2019 Notes provided for interest at the rate of per annum and are unsecured. All amounts outstanding under the Fall 2019
Notes became due and payable upon the approval of the holders of a majority of the principal amount of outstanding Fall 2019 Notes (the
 Majority Holders on or after (a) November 23, 2020, or (b) the occurrence of an event of default (either, the Maturity
Date ). The Majority Holders have waived any default in the maturity of the Fall 2019 Notes and as such there is no event of
default as of December 31, 2022. The Company had the option to prepay the Fall 2019 Notes at any time. Events of default under the Fall
2019 Notes included failure to make payments under the Fall 2019 Notes within thirty (30) days of the date due, failure to observe of
the Fall 2019 Note Purchase Agreement or Fall 2019 Notes which is not cured within thirty (30) days of notice of the breach, bankruptcy,
or a change in control of the Company (as defined in the Fall 2019 Note Purchase Agreement). 

The issuance of the Fall 2019 notes resulted in a discount from the BCF totaling 
related to the conversion feature. Total amortization of the discount totaled for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Total
unamortized discount on this note was as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Further,
the Company recorded interest expense of and on these Fall 2019 Notes for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021.
The total amount outstanding under the Fall 2019 Notes, net of discounts and including accrued interest thereon, as of December 31, 2022,
and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Geneva
Roth Remark Notes 

In
May and June 2021, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc. Geneva ),
whereby the Company issued two convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of convertible into shares of common stock
of the Company. 

The
notes were prepaid in December 2021 and the Company recorded interest expense, including prepayment penalty of approximately million.
There was no similar expense recorded in 2022. For more information on the Geneva Roth Remark Notes, refer to our 2021 Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

Paycheck
Protection Program 

In
April 2020, the Company received loan proceeds in the amount of under the Paycheck Protection Program 1 st PPP which was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act and is administered by
the Small Business Administration SBA ). 

The
Company met the 1 st PPP loan forgiveness requirements and on August 7, 2021, applied for forgiveness. On Aug 17, 2021, the
Company received the 1 st PPP loan forgiveness approval from the lender and wrote off the loan outstanding amount inclusive
of interest accrued, in the amount of . 

In
July 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, PointR, received loan proceeds in the amount of under the PPP 2 nd
 PPP ). The 2 nd PPP was at terms similar to the 1 st PPP. The Company met the 2 nd PPP
loan forgiveness requirements and received the 2 nd PPP loan forgiveness approval from the lender on December 8, 2021 and wrote
off the loan outstanding amount inclusive of interest accrued, in the amount of . For more information on PPP, refer to our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
SBA reserves the right to audit any PPP loan, regardless of size. These audits may occur after the forgiveness has been granted. In accordance
with the CARES Act, all borrowers are required to maintain their PPP loan documentation for six years after the loan was forgiven or
repaid in full and to provide that documentation to the SBA upon request. 

GMP
Notes 

In
June 2020, the Company secured million in debt financing, evidenced by a one-year convertible note (the GMP Note from GMP, to conduct a clinical trial evaluating OT-101 against COVID-19 bearing annual interest, and is personally guaranteed by
Dr. Vuong Trieu, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The GMP Note is convertible into the Company s Common Stock upon the
GMP Note s maturity of the GMP Note, at the Company s Common Stock price on the date of conversion with no discount. GMP
has waived the default in the maturity of the GMP Note and as such there is no event of default and also agreed to extend the date of
maturity of the GMP Note to December 31, 2023. GMP does not have the option to convert prior to the GMP Note s maturity. Such financing
will be utilized solely to fund the clinical trial. The Company s liability under GMP Note commenced to accrue when GMP first began
to pay for services related to the clinical trial to our third-party clinical research organization, up to a maximum of million. GMP
has been invoiced by the clinical research organization for the full 2 million as of December 31, 2022, and as such the Company has recognized
the liability as a convertible debt. 

In
September 2021, the Company secured a further million in debt financing, evidenced by a one-year convertible note (the GMP
Note 2 from GMP, to fund the same clinical trial evaluating OT-101 against COVID-19 bearing annual interest. The GMP Note
is convertible into the Company s Common Stock upon the GMP Note 2 s maturity one year from the date of the GMP Note 2, at
the Company s Common Stock price on the date of conversion with no discount. GMP has waived the default in the maturity of the
GMP Note and as such there is no event of default and also agreed to extend the date of maturity of the GMP Note to December 31, 2023.
GMP does not have the option to convert prior to the GMP Note 2 s maturity at the end of one year. Such financing was to be utilized
solely to fund the clinical trial. GMP was invoiced by the clinical research organization for million and. GMP paid the clinical
trial organization the first tranche of million in October 2021. 

In
October 2021, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the October Purchase Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of million (the October
2021 Note ), which October 2021 Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common Stock. GMP has waived the default
in the maturity of the GMP Note and as such there is no event of default and also agreed to extend the date of maturity of the GMP Note
to December 31, 2023. 

In
January 2022, the Company entered into an Unsecured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the January Purchase
Agreement with GMP, pursuant to which the Company issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of million
(the January 2022 Note ), which January 2022 Note is convertible into shares of the Company s Common
Stock. GMP agreed to extend the date of maturity of the January 2022 Note to December 31, 2023. 

Cumulatively,
the GMP Note, GMP Note 2, October 2021 Note and the January 2022 Notes are referred to as the GMP Notes . 

The
GMP Notes carry an interest rate of per annum and mature on the earlier of (a) the one-year anniversary of the date of the Purchase
Agreement, or (b) the acceleration of the maturity by GMP upon occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below). All Notes contain
a voluntary conversion mechanism whereby GMP may convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest under the terms of all the GMP
Notes into shares of Common Stock (the Conversion Shares ), at the consolidated closing bid price of the Company s
Common Stock on the applicable OTC Market as of the date the Company receives a Notice of Conversion from GMP. Prepayment of the GMP
Notes may be made at any time by payment of the outstanding principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The October Note contains
customary events of default (each an Event of Default ). If an Event of Default occurs, at GMP s election,
the outstanding principal amount of the GMP Notes, plus accrued but unpaid interest, will become immediately due and payable in cash.
The October Purchase Agreement requires the Company to use of the proceeds received under the October 2021 Note to support the clinical
development of OT-101, including payroll and has been made in continuation of the relationship between the Company and GMP. 

The
total principal outstanding on GMP Notes, inclusive of accrued interest, was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

August
2021 Notes 

In
August 2021, the Company entered into Note Purchase Agreements with Autotelic - a related party, our CFO a related party, and
certain accredited investors (the August 2021 investors ), whereby the Company issued four convertible notes in the aggregate
principal amount of convertible into shares of common stock of the Company for net proceeds of . of . The August 2021 Note Holders has
waived the default in the maturity of the August 2021 Notes and as such there is no event of default and also agreed to extend the date
of maturity of the August 2021 Notes to December 31, 2023.The Company determined that the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded
conversion option are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the debt host instrument. Further,
the Company determined that the embedded conversion feature meets the definition of a derivative but met the scope exception to the derivative
accounting required under ASC 815 for certain contracts involving a reporting entity s own equity. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately of interest expense on the August 2021 Investors notes
of which approximately are attributable to related parties. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized approximately
 of interest expense on the August 2021 Investors notes of which approximately are attributable to related parties. 

At
December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, accrued interests on these convertible notes totaled approximately and , respectively. 

The
outstanding balance on the note for the year ended December 31, 2022 was including related party balance of . The outstanding
balance on the note for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , including related party balance of . 

November
/ December 2021 and March 2022 Financing 

In
November / December 2021, the Company entered into securities purchase agreement with five institutional investors, whereby the
Company issued five convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of 
convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The convertible notes carry a twelve percent coupon and a default coupon of 
and mature at the earliest of one year from issuance or upon event of default. Investors has the right at any time following
issuance date to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into the Company s common stock at a
conversion price established at a fixed rate of .
The Company granted a total number of 
warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company Common Stock at a strike price of 
up to five years after issuance. The Placement agent was also granted a total of 
warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company Common Stock at a strike price of 
up to five years after issuance, as part of a finder s fee agreement. 

Further,
in March 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Fourth Man, pursuant to which the Company issued convertible
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of million, convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The
convertible notes carry a twelve percent coupon and a default coupon of and mature at the earliest of one year from
issuance or upon event of default. As of December 31, 2022, this note is in Investors have the right at any time following issuance date
to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into the Company s Common Stock at a conversion price
established at a fixed rate of . The Company granted a total number of warrants convertible into an equivalent
number of the Company common shares at a strike price of up to five years after issuance. The Placement agent was also granted
a total of warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company Common Stock at a strike price of up
to five years after issuance, as part of a finder s fee agreement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted the Mast Hill convertible note into shares of the Company s
Common Stock, which fully retired the convertible note during the second fiscal quarter of 2022. Such conversion resulted in a loss from
debt conversion of approximately million, which was recorded in other expense in the Company s consolidated statements
of operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid the Talos Victory and First Fire convertible notes with the proceeds from the May
2022 Mast Hill convertible note. Such repayment resulted in a loss from debt extinguishment of approximately , which was recorded
in other expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted of Blue Lake note and of accrued interest into shares
of Common Stock and converted of Fourth Man note into shares of common stock. 

Talos Victory Convertible note, 12 coupon November 2021 
 - 

First Fire Global Opportunities LLC Convertible note, 12 coupon, December 2021 
 - 

Blue Lake Partners LLC Convertible note, 12 coupon, December 2021, inclusive of accrued interest 

Fourth Man LLC Convertible note, 12 coupon December 2021, inclusive of accrued interest 

Convertible notes, gross 

Less: Debt discounts recorded 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Convertible notes, net of discounts 

The
Company recorded amortization expense related to interest, debt discount, debt issuance costs, fair value allocated to the warrants
and the beneficial conversion feature of approximately 
million and 
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. This expense included accrued interest of approximately
 and
 during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Blue Lake and Fourth Man Notes are in
default and, per the terms of the Notes, payable in cash. However, the Company has not received notification of default from the
lender. The cross-default provision requires the accrual of a default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal plus accrued interest. The Company has recorded an estimated default penalty of on the unpaid notes and accrued interest thereon.
The Company recorded an initial debt discount of approximately million
representing the intrinsic value of the conversion option embedded in the convertible debt instrument based upon the difference
between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion
price embedded in the note. 

- 
 
 Debt discount amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes, net 
 
 - 

The
Company recorded amortization expense related to interest, debt discount, debt issuance costs, fair value allocated to the warrants
and the beneficial conversion feature of approximately 
and during
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. This expense included accrued interest of approximately 
and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, these notes were in technical default,
due to cross default provision contained in the November / December 2021 Notes and payable in cash. As of the date of this Report,
these notes are in default. However, the Company has not received notification of default from the lender. The cross-default
provision requires the accrual of a default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal plus accrued interest. The Company has recorded an estimated default penalty of approximately . 

May
2022 Mast Financing 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one institutional investor, whereby the Company issued one convertible
note in the aggregate principal amount of convertible into shares of common stock of the Company May 2022 Mast
Note ). The convertible notes carry a twelve percent coupon and a default coupon of and mature at the earliest of
one year from issuance or upon event of default. Investor has the right at any time following issuance date to convert all or any part
of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into the Company s common stock at a conversion price established at a fixed rate
of . The Company granted a total number of warrants convertible into an equivalent number of Company common
shares at a strike price of up to five years after issuance. The Placement agent was also granted a total of 
warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company Common Stock at a strike price of up to five years after issuance,
as part of a finder s fee agreement. A portion of the proceeds were used to retire some of the November/December 2021 notes.
The extinguishment of existing notes resulted in the recognition of approximately in loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated
statement of operations in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

- 
 
 Convertible notes, gross 
 
 - 
 
 Less Debt discount recorded 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes, net 
 
 - 

The
Company recorded amortization expense related to interest, debt discount, debt issuance costs, fair value allocated to the warrants
and the beneficial conversion feature of approximately during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, including the guaranteed twelve-month coupon and earned in full at
issuance date. This expense included accrued interest of approximately and
 during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and as of the date of this Report, these notes
are in technical default due to the cross-default provision contained in the November / December 2021 Notes and payable in cash.
However, the Company has not received notification of default from the lender. The cross-default provision requires the accrual of a
default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal plus accrued interest. The Company has recorded an estimated default penalty of approximately . 

June
2022 Mast Financing 

In
June 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with one institutional investor, whereby the Company issued one convertible
note in the aggregate principal amount of convertible into shares of common stock of the Company June 2022 Blue
Lake Note ). The convertible notes carry a twelve percent coupon and a default coupon of and mature at the earliest
of one year from issuance or upon event of default. The investor has the right at any time following issuance date to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of the note into the Company s common stock at a conversion price established at a fixed
rate of . The Company granted a total number of warrants convertible into an equivalent number of the Company
common shares at a strike price of up to five years after issuance. The Placement agent was also granted a total of warrants
convertible into an equivalent number of the Company Common Stock at a strike price of up to five years after issuance, as
part of a finder s fee agreement. A portion of the proceeds were used to retire some of the November/December 2021 notes. 

- 
 
 Convertible notes, gross 
 
 - 
 
 Less Debt discount recorded 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes, net 
 
 - 

The
Company recorded amortization expense related to interest, debt discount, debt issuance costs, fair value allocated to the warrants
and the beneficial conversion feature of approximately and
 during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, including the guaranteed twelve-month coupon and earned in full at
issuance date. This expense included accrued interest of approximately and
 during
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, these notes are in technical default due to
cross default provision contained in November/December 2021 Notes and payable immediately. However, the Company has not received
notification of default from the lender. The cross-default provision in the November / December 2021 and March 2022 notes requires
the accrual of a default penalty of 
of the outstanding principal plus accrued interest. The Company has recorded an estimated default penalty of approximately . 

Other
short-term advances 

Short term advances bridge investors others 

Short term advance Autotelic Inc. Related Party 

Total 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s CFO, a related Party, provided short term advances of approximately . During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s CFO had provided a short-term advance of , which was repaid during the year
ended December 31, 2021. was repaid to the CFO in January 2022. As such approximately was outstanding at December 31,
2022. 

During
the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company s CFO and the Bridge Investor provided short term loans of
 and , respectively to the Company. Such loans were repaid as of March 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the CFO provided a total of approximately , of which was converted into the August 2021 Notes. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company received approximately primarily from two bridge investors, of which was converted into
the August 2021 Notes, and was repaid. Approximately was outstanding as short-term advances to bridge investors as of
December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Autotelic Inc. provided a short-term funding of to the Company, which was repaid in 2021.
In May 2021, Autotelic provided an additional short-term funding of to the Company, which was converted into the August 2021
Notes. Autotelic provided an additional short-term loan to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Autotelic provided
an additional short term loan to the company and as such, was outstanding and payable to Autotelic at December 31,
2022. 

Dragon
and the Company entered into the JVA to regulate their relationship and the operation and management of the JV. The JVA contains provisions
for the licensed products and licensed technologies related to OT-101 (the Licensed products and technologies ).
Pursuant to the JVA the Company is required to transfer to GMP Bio all of the Company s rights and obligations under the research
and development agreement dated 3 February 2020 between the Company and Golden Mountain Partners, LLC GMP ), an
affiliate of Dragon, as amended, varied and/or supplemented by a supplement to research and Services Agreement dated 23 March 2020 between
the Company, Mateon Therapeutics, Inc. (subsequently renamed the Company) and GMP (the R D Agreement ). The
JVA required the entering into of the Agreements on or before the execution of the JVA. The JVA defines the valuation of the Agreements
(taking into account the transfer of the Company s rights and obligations under the R D Agreement) each at approximately 
 million, for an aggregate of approximately 
 million. Dragon
can suspend funding the JVA if the Series A round of financing is not successfully completed by August 31, 2022, in which case Dragon s
funding obligation would be restricted to 
 per month to GMP Bio. If Dragon decides to terminate
the JVA, the licenses granted under the Agreements shall be terminated and the OT-101 assets licensed by the Company will revert back
to the Company. The rest of the JVA deals with the conduct of the JV, the board of directors of GMP Bio and other administrative matters.
Dragon shall nominate up to three directors of their choosing to the board of directors of GMP Bio, two of whom are already nominated
as A Directors and the Company shall nominate up to two directors of their choosing to the board of directors of GMP Bio,
one of whom is already nominated as a B Director. The JVA defines how the board of directors will operate as well as the
general management and operations of the JV. Other standard terms on shareholder rights, indemnification etc. are also defined in the
JVA. Also included are the other terms with relation to insurance, indemnification, jurisdiction and other customary terms and conditions. 

The
Agreements include terms of an exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicensable license under the Licensed Technology to
manufacture, have manufactured, use, import, sell, offer for sale or otherwise exploit the Licensed Products, which is OT-101, in the
Field, which is all therapeutic uses in humans, and in the Territories, which is the US and the rest of the world. In addition, the Company
grants a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, non-sublicensable license for its sole use of the Company s Vision
Grid system for monitoring process, man flow, equipment flow, and material flow in contract development and manufacturing organization
operations. These have been granted to GMP Bio and Sapu Holdings, LLC as the capital contribution by the Company to GMP Bio. The Agreements
include the contributions by the key employees, as defined and included in the Agreements, standard representations and warranties, intellectual
property protection, insurance, indemnification, jurisdiction and other customary terms and conditions. 

The
Company determined that the arrangement does not meet the accounting definition of a joint venture. Subsequently, we analyzed our investment
and determined that such investment was not considered a VIE, which would require consolidation because the Company does not have the
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the JV. The Company does not control the JV
through majority ownership interest or Board participation. As such, the Company followed the guidance in ASC 610-20 regarding the sale
of nonfinancial assets to noncustomers when retaining a non-controlling ownership interest in such assets. The Company is deemed to have
substantially transferred the actual intellectual property related to OT-101 as the investee can benefit from the risk and rewards of
ownership of such intellectual property. This resulted in the derecognition of the carrying amount of our intangible assets for approximately
 million and goodwill for million for an aggregate amount of approximately million, recorded its initial investment at
its fair value for approximately million and which resulted in a non-cash gain on non-financial asset disposal of approximately
 million, which was reported in other income in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of the effective date of the formation of the JV, the combined enterprise value of GMP Bio was approximately 
million, comprising of the fair value of the Company s investment in GMP Bio of approximately 
million and the total original capital contributions by Dragon Overseas of approximately 
million. As of December 31, 2022, the JV had approximately 
million in assets, not including GMP Bio s capital subscriptions of approximately 
million; recorded approximately 
million in liabilities and incurred approximately 
million in operational expenses. The Company elected the fair value option under subsection of Section 825-10-15 to account for its
equity-method investment as the Company believes that it the most appropriate method to properly value the Company and record a
change in value when and upon conducting a fair value assessment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not believe the fair
value of the JV has changed and hence has not recorded a change in value. 

For
information on the various notes from GMP, refer to Note 5 GMP Notes of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
above. 

Units, for total gross proceeds of approximately million,
pursuant to the JH Darbie Placement Agreement, with each Unit consisting of: 

shares of Edgepoint Common Stock for a price of per share of Edgepoint Common Stock. 

One
 convertible promissory note, convertible into up to shares of Edgepoint Common Stock, at a conversion price of per share
 or up to shares of the Company s Common Stock, at a conversion price of per share. 

warrants to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Edgepoint Common Stock at per share or an equivalent number of shares
 of the Company s Common Stock at per share with a three -year expiration date. 

Subscription agreements related party 

Total convertible promissory notes 

Convertible promissory notes 

The
Company incurred approximately million of issuance costs, including legal costs of approximately , that are incremental
costs directly related to the issuance of the various instruments bundled in the offering. As of the date of this Report, the PPM notes are in default. 

Concurrently
with the sale of the Units, JH Darbie was granted, for nominal consideration, a warrant, exercisable over a five-year period, to purchase
 of the number of Units sold in the JH Darbie Financing. As such, the Company granted Units to JH Darbie pursuant to the JH Darbie
Placement Agreement. 

The
terms of convertible notes are summarized as follows: 

Term:
 Through March 31, 2023. 

Coupon:
 . 

Convertible
 at the option of the holder at any time in the Company s Common Stock or Edgepoint Common Stock. 

The
 conversion price is initially set at per share for the Company s Common Stock or for Edgepoint Common Stock, subject
 to adjustment. 

The
Company allocated the proceeds among the freestanding financial instruments that were issued in the single transaction using the relative
fair value method, which affects the determination of each financial instrument s initial carrying amount. The Company utilized the relative
fair value method as none of the freestanding financial instruments issued as part of the single transaction are measured at fair value.
Under the relative fair value method, the Company made separate estimates of the fair value of each freestanding financial instrument
and then allocated the proceeds in proportion to those fair value amounts. The Company recorded aggregate non-controlling interests of
approximately million in Edgepoint. Non-controlling interests represent the portion of net assets in consolidated entities that are
not owned by the Company and are reported as a component of equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 

As
of the multiple closings of the Company, during the six months ended June 30, 2021, under the private placement memorandum with JH Darbie,
the estimated volume weighted grant date fair value of approximately per share associated with the warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock issued in this offering, or a total of approximately million, was recorded to additional paid-in capital
on a relative fair value basis. All warrants sold in this offering had an exercise price of per share of the Company stock or 
per share of Edge Point, subject to adjustment, are exercisable immediately and expire from the date of issuance. The fair
value of the warrants was estimated using a Black Scholes valuation models using the following input values: 

 years 

Expected volatility 
 - 

Risk-free interest rates 
 - 

Dividend yields 

In
February 2022, the Company and all except one of the Investors agreed to extend the maturity date of the Notes from March 31, 2022, to
March 31, 2023. In consideration for the extension of the Notes, the Company issued to the Investors an aggregate of Oncotelic
Warrants at a price of per share of Company s Common Stock. Each Investor will be entitled to receive Oncotelic
Warrants for each Unit purchased. Upon the amendment of the terms of the convertible notes under the private placement memorandum. As
incentive to extend the maturity date, approximately 33 million warrants were issued to the Unit Holders who participated in the amendment,
The Company repaid the 1-unit holder who did not participate in the amendment shortly after March 31, 2022. 

The
Company reviewed the guidance per ASC 470-60 Troubled debt restructurings and ASC 470-50 Debt-Modifications and Extinguishments
and concluded that the terms of the agreements were substantially different as of September 30, 2022, and, accounted for the transaction
as a debt extinguishment. The loss is recognized equal to the difference between the net carrying amount of the original debt and the
fair value of the modified debt instrument. 

At
March 31, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of the warrants issued in conjunction with the amendment of the private placement
under the JH Darbie financing based on assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model. The key valuation assumptions used consists,
in part, of the price of the Company s Common Stock, a risk-free interest rate based on the yield of a Treasury note and expected
volatility of the Company s Common Stock all as of the measurement date. The Company used the following assumptions to estimate
fair value of the warrants: 

Expected Term 
 year 
 
 Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rates 

Dividend yields 

All
the warrants issued in conjunction with the amendment #5 had an exercise price of per share and are immediately exercisable
and expire two years from the date of issuance or February 9, 2024. The warrants resulted in an aggregate fair value of approximately
 million. 

The
Company recognized amortization expense related to the debt discount and debt issuance costs of and for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively, which is included in interest expense in the statements of operations. 

of the Company. The MSA stated that Autotelic will provide business functions and services to the Company and allowed
Autotelic to charge the Company for these expenses paid on its behalf. The MSA includes personnel costs allocated based on amount of
time incurred and other services such as consultant fees, clinical studies, conferences and other operating expenses incurred on behalf
of the Company. The MSA requires a 90-day written termination notice in the event either party requires to terminate such services. 

Expenses
related to the MSA were approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amounts outstanding
at the end of the year 2022 and 2021 were approximately and , respectively. 

License
Agreement with Autotelic Inc. 

In
September 2021, the Company entered into an exclusive License Agreement with Autotelic. For more information on the exclusive license
Agreement with Autotelic, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on April 15, 2022 

Notes
Payable and Short-Term Loan Related Party 

In
April 2019, the Company issued a convertible note to Dr. Trieu totaling , including OID of , receiving net proceeds of
 , which was used by the Company for working capital and general corporate purposes (See Note 6). The Company issued a Fall 2019
Note to Dr. Trieu in the principal amount of . Dr. Trieu also offset certain amounts due to him in the amount of and
was converted into the Fall 2019 debt. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Dr. Trieu provided additional short-term funding of 
to the Company, of which the Company repaid prior to December 31, 2020. As such the Company owed for the short-term loan
as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Dr. Trieu purchased a total of Units under the private placement
for a gross total of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Autotelic Inc. provided a short-term funding of to the Company, which was repaid in 2021.
In May 2021, Autotelic provided an additional short-term funding of to the Company, which was converted into the August 2021
Notes. Autotelic provided an additional short-term loan to the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Autotelic provided
an additional short term loan to the company and as such, was outstanding and payable to Autotelic at December 31,
2022. 

Artius
Consulting Agreement 

On
March 9, 2020, the Company and Artius Bioconsulting, LLC Artius ), for which Mr. King is the Managing Member, entered
into an amendment to the Consulting Agreement dated December 1, 2018, under which Artius agreed to serve as a consultant to the Company
for services related to the Company s business from time to time, effective December 1, 2019 (the Effective Date (the Artius Agreement ). For more information on this Agreement, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

expense was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, or 2021, respectively, related to this Agreement. 

Maida
Consulting Agreement 

Effective
May 5, 2020, the Company and Dr. Maida entered into an independent consulting agreement, commencing April 1, 2020 (the Maida Agreement ),
under which Dr. Maida will assist the Company in providing medical expertise and advice from time to time in the design, conduct and
oversight of the Company s existing and future clinical trials. For more information on this Agreement, refer to our 2021 Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

The
Company recorded an expense of during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to this Agreement as compared to during
the same period in 2021. Effective April 1, 2022, Dr Maida s compensation is being borne by the JVA with GMP Bio. 

shares of Common Stock at prices ranging from and 
for total gross proceeds of approximately million, net of issuance costs. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a total of shares of Common Stock at prices ranging from and 
for total net proceeds of approximately . 

shares of Common Stock in exchange of approximately million warrants. 

In
March 2022, the Company sold shares of its Common Stock to Peak One under the EPL for net proceeds of approximately thousand. 

In
May 2022, Blue Lake made a cashless exercise for their warrants. In connection with this exercise, the Company issued shares
of Common Stock in exchange of warrants. 

In
June 2022, the Company sold shares of its Common Stock to Peak One under the EPL for net proceeds of approximately thousand. 

In
June 2022, Mast Hill converted their debt of approximately million. In connection with the Note conversion, the Company issued
 shares of Common Stock to Mast Hill. 

In
June 2022, Company issued shares of Common Stock to First Fire under partial repayment of convertible debt of . 

In
June 2022, First Fire made a cashless exercise for their warrants. In connection with this exercise, the Company issued shares
of Common Stock in exchange for warrants. 

In
July 2022, the Company sold shares of its Common Stock to Peak One under the EPL for net proceeds of approximately thousand. 

In
August 2022, the Company sold shares of its Common Stock to Peak One under the EPL for net proceeds of approximately thousand. 

In
August 2022, Fourth Man converted million of their debt of approximately million. In connection with the Note conversion,
the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Fourth Man. 

In
September 2022, Blue Lake converted million of their debt of approximately million. In connection with the Note conversion,
the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Blue Lake. 

In
December 2022, Fourth Man converted million of their debt of approximately million. In connection with the Note conversion,
the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Fourth Man. 

Issuance
of Common Stock during the year ended December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock to TFK in connection with the partial but final
conversion of their convertible notes payable. As such, the debt outstanding to TFK at December 31, 2021 was . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of its Common Stock to various service providers for
services rendered. A total cost of approximately was recorded for such services. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of its Common Stock in connection with the EPL for cash at prices
ranging from to per share of Common Stock. The Company received a total of approximately against such sale of its
Common Stock. 

During
the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to its employees in lieu of fully vested restricted stock
units RSUs under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recorded a stock-based compensation cost of 
related to such issuance. 

In
connection with the fully vested RSUs, the Company estimated the fair value using the stock price as of the date of issuance as the RSUs
were fully vested and issued as Common Stock of the Company. As such, there were no unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2021. 

shares of the Company s Common Stock may be issued pursuant
to awards granted in the form of nonqualified stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, and other stock-based awards.
Under the 2015 and 2005 Plans, taken together, up to shares of the Company s Common Stock may be issued pursuant to awards
granted in the form of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted and unrestricted stock awards, and other stock-based
awards. 

Employees,
consultants, and directors are eligible for awards granted under the 2017 and 2015 Plans. The Company registered an additional total
of shares of its Common Stock, which may be issued pursuant to the Registrant s Amended and Restated 2015 Equity Incentive
Plan (the Plan ). Such additional shares were approved by the shareholders of the Company on August 10, 2020 and
as reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC vide a Current Report on Form 8-K on August 14,
2020. As such, the total number of shares of the Company s Common Stock available for issuance under the 2015 plan is .
Since the adoption of the 2015 Plan, no further awards may be granted under the 2005 Plan, although options previously granted remain
outstanding in accordance with their terms. 

Expired or cancelled 

Granted and vested during the year 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

options that have been considered as vested, pending approval by the Board of
 Directors of the Company. 

Weighted 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Average 

Shares 
 Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2021 

Granted during the year, fully vested 

Expired or cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

to 

The
compensation expense attributed to the issuance of the options is recognized as they are vested. 

The
employee stock option plan stock options are generally exercisable for ten years from the grant date and vest over various terms from
the grant date to three years. 

The
aggregate intrinsic value totaled approximately and was based on the Company s closing stock price of as of December 31,
2022, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was 
unamortized stock compensation cost related to the stock options granted during the year as the stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 are considered vested. The vesting criteria
for options is still being evaluated as on the date of this Report, as those options are subject to individual milestone achievements. 

In
August 2019, the Company entered into Employment Agreements and incentive compensation arrangements with each of its executive officers,
including Dr. Vuong Trieu, the Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Fatih Uckun, the Chief Medical Officer; Dr. Chulho Park, its Chief Technology
Officer; and Mr. Amit Shah, the Chief Financial Officer. The incentive stock options and the restricted stock awards approved for the
Company s executive officers were granted and issued in July 2021. The Company issued an aggregate of of its common shares
in lieu of fully vested restricted stock units and incentive and non-qualified stock options to purchase its Common Stock to
all its employees, including the awards due to the CEO, CFO, the prior CTO and Saran Saund, the Chief Business Officer of the Company.
Further, the Company issued all its employees, including the CEO and CBO and consultants performance-based stock options that
would vest over two tranches subject to certain corporate goals being achieved, of which have vested as of December 31, 2021. In
addition, the Company granted its Board of Directors and certain consultants, stock options, which for the Board of Directors
vest over 5 quarters commencing the quarter ended September 30, 2021. All the options granted to the Board members have vested as of
December 31, 2022. 

The
Company granted million stock options to its employees during the year ended December 31, 2022. of the options vested immediately
and the balance shall vest upon achievement of certain corporate and individual milestones, which are currently being evaluated. At December
31, 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of the options issued based on assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model.
The options resulted in an aggregate fair value of approximately million. The key valuation assumptions used of the price of the
Company s Common Stock, a risk-free interest rate based on the yield of a Treasury note and expected volatility of the Company s
Common Stock all as of the measurement date. The Company used the following assumptions to estimate fair value of the warrants: 

Expected Term 
 year 
 
 Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rates 

Dividend yields 

The
Company amortized approximately million of stock compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 on the 2021 and 2022
grants. The Company recorded million of similar expense during the same periods of 2021 respectively. 

Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company offered to cancel to all the prior warrants of the warrant holders from the 2018 debt financing
and offered to reissue new warrants to such warrant holders. Out of all the warrant holders, holders of warrants opted to
participate in the reissuance. In addition, the Company issued new warrants to certain accredited investors in connection with
the financing through JH Darbie (See note 7). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants were issued in connection with the financing through JH Darbie (See note 7). The
fair value of these warrants on issue date amounted to as calculated using a Black Scholes valuation model. The Company also
issued warrants in connection with the financing through JH Darbie (See note 7). The fair value of these warrants on the issue
date amounted to as calculated using a Black Scholes valuation model. Further, the Company issued warrants related
to the November/December 2021 Notes (See Note 6). The fair value of these warrants on issue date amounted to as calculated
using a Black Scholes valuation model. 

Issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Exercised / cancelled during the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Weighted- 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2021 

Average 

Shares 

Exercise
 Price 

Outstanding
 at January 1, 2021 

Issued
 during the year ended December 31, 2021 

- 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

- 

Assets 

Liability accruals 

R D Credit 

Capital Loss 

Deferred state tax 

Net operating loss carry forward 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less - valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company had gross deferred tax assets of approximately million and million as of December 31, 202 2 and 2021, respectively,
which primarily relate to net operating loss carryforwards. 

As
of December 31, 202 2 and 2021, the Company had gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and 
million, respectively, which are available to offset future taxable income, if any. The Company recorded a valuation allowance in the
full amount of its net deferred tax assets since realization of such tax benefits has been determined by our management to be unlikely. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had California state gross operating loss carry-forwards of approximately 77.2 and 
 million, which will expire in various amounts from 2028 through 2040.
At December 31, 2022, all the Company s federal research and development tax credits of approximately 
 million, from prior years, and California state research and development tax credits
of approximately 
 million which have . 

 The
Company identified its federal and California state tax returns as major tax jurisdictions. The periods our income tax
returns are subject to examination for these jurisdictions are 2018 through 2021. We believe our income tax filing positions and deductions
will be sustained on audit, and we do not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to our financial position.
Therefore, no liabilities for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. 

, if not otherwise utilized. The Company s utilization of net operating loss carryforwards
could be subject to an annual limitation because of certain past or future events, such as stock sales or other equity events constituting
a change in ownership under the provisions of Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
similar state provisions. The annual limitations could result in the expiration of net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits before
they can be utilized. We have not performed a formal analysis, but we believe our ability to use such net operating losses and tax credit
carryforwards will be subject to annual limitations, due to change of ownership control provisions under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal
Revenue Code, which would significantly impact our ability to realize these deferred tax assets. 

represented the consideration transferred from the Company and was calculated
based on the number of shares of Common Stock plus the preferred shares outstanding but convertible into Common Stock outstanding at
the date of the PointR Merger and included of contingent consideration of shares issuable to PointR shareholders, which could
increase to million of contingent consideration, upon achievement of certain milestones. For more information on the PointR Merger
Contingent Consideration, refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

Other
claims 

From
time to time, the Company may become involved in certain claims arising in the ordinary course of business. One of the Company s ex-employees has made a breach of employment contract claim against the Company. The Company
and its legal counsel are evaluating the validity of the claim, as the Company believes that such claim has limited merits and is hopeful
to attain a positive outcome for such claim. Since the Company and its legal counsel are still evaluating the claim, we are unable to
quantify the amount such claim would be settled at, if at all settled. 

of Blue Lake Note into shares of Common Stock. 

March
2022 Note 

As
of the date of this Report, the March 2022 Note with Fourth Man is in default, as it was due to be paid at the end of March 2023. As
such, the May and June 2022 Notes with Mast Hill and Blue Lake are also in technical default due to the cross-default provisions contained
in those Notes. These are now available for conversion to shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

J.
H. Darbie PPM Notes 

As
of the date of this Report, the JH Darbie PPM Notes are in default as these notes were to be paid at the end of March 2023.The Company
is in discussion with JH Darbie to close out these notes. The Company is fairly confident a resolution should be reached to resolve the
matter. 

Claim 

The
Company is disputing a judgement of for a non-payment to a service provider. The Company considers the claim to be immaterial
to the financial position of the Company. 

F- 41 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-226832, No. 333-217038 and No. 333-204500);
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-256448) and Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-258984) of Oncotelic Therapeutics,
Inc. (formerly Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.) of our report dated April 14, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.), which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022. Our report relating to the consolidated financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/
Rose Snyder Jacobs, LLP 

Encino,
California 

April
14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 (formerly
Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.) 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Vuong Trieu, Ph.D., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 VUONG TRIEU 

Vuong
 Trieu, Ph.D. 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 (formerly
Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.) 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Amit Shah, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and
 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 AMIT SHAH 

Amit
 Shah 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 (formerly
Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.) 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 VUONG TRIEU 

Vuong
 Trieu, Ph.D. 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

ONCOTELIC
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 (formerly
Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc.) 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity
and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 AMIT SHAH 

Amit
 Shah 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 otlc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 otlc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 otlc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 otlc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

