<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1886799_0001493152-23-012561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5554721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356928</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>978561</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1678967</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1054281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1358217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012561.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417164631
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bright Green Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001886799
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41395
		FILM NUMBER:		23824463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201)370-1140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 EAST LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012561.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price
of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on June 30, 2022, was . 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of April 14, 2023, was . 

Table
of Contents 

Page 

References to Bright Green 
 ii 

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 

Trademarks and Tradenames 
 iii 

Market Data and Forecasts 
 iii 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 41 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 62 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 63 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 

i 

References to Bright Green 

Unless otherwise indicated in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), Bright Green Corporation, Bright Green, BGC, the
Corporation, the Company, we, us and our refer to Bright Green Corporation. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report and the documents incorporated by reference herein may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including those set forth below under Part I, Item 1.A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. These statements, which represent our current expectations or beliefs concerning various future events, may
contain words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, plan, 
 believe, estimate or other words indicating future results, though not all forward-looking statements necessarily
contain these identifying words. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 

the
 initiation, design, cost, timing, progress and results of, and our expected ability to undertake certain activities and accomplish
 our goals; 

the
 completion of our proposed transactions with third-parties, including but not limited to our proposed transaction with Alterola Biotech
 Inc.; 

the
 likelihood or timing of any regulatory approval; 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize, and our expectations regarding commercial potential with respect to, our products; 

the
 rate and degree of market acceptance of our products; 

the
 size and growth potential of the markets for our products, and our ability to serve those markets; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection; 

interactions
 with regulatory authorities in the United States and foreign countries; 

our
 ability to attract and retain experienced and seasoned scientific and management professionals to lead the Company; 

the
 performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers, including our ability to scale-up manufacturing levels as necessary; 

our
 ability to attract collaborators with relevant development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

future
 activities to be undertaken by our strategic alliance partners, collaborators and other third parties; 

our
 ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities, whether alone or with potential future collaborators; 

our
 ability to avoid, settle or be victorious at costly litigation with shareholders, former executives or others, should these situations
 arise; 

our
 ability to obtain and deploy funding for our operations and to efficiently use our financial and other resources; 

our
 ability to continue as a going concern; and 

the
 accuracy of our estimates regarding future expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and need for additional financing. 

Such
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or performance
to differ materially from those projected. These statements are only current predictions and are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. In addition, historic results of scientific research,
preclinical and clinical trials do not guarantee that future research or trials will suggest the same conclusions, nor that historic
results referred to herein will be interpreted the same in light of additional research, preclinical and clinical trial results. The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in our other
filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the
forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information
becomes available in the future. 

ii 

Trademarks
and Tradenames 

The
Bright Green logo and other trademarks of Bright Green appearing in this Annual Report are the property of Bright Green. All other trademarks,
service marks and trade names in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and
trade names referred to in this report may appear without the or symbols. 

Market
Data and Forecasts 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information in this Annual Report concerning economic conditions, our industry, and our markets, including our general
expectations and competitive position, market opportunity and market size, is based on a variety of sources, including information from
independent industry analysts and publications, as well as our own estimates and research. Our estimates are derived from industry and
general publications, studies and surveys conducted by third-parties, as well as data from our own internal research. These publications,
studies and surveys generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do
not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information, and we have not independently verified industry data from such third-party
sources. While we believe our internal research is reliable and that our internal estimates are reasonable, such research has not been
verified by any independent source and our internal estimates are based on our good faith beliefs as of the respective dates of such
estimates. We are responsible for all of the disclosure in this Annual Report. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview

Our
Mission Vision 

Bright
Green s mission is to be the premier federally-authorized provider of cannabis in North America. Our vision is to improve the quality
of life across a broad spectrum of demographics through the opportunities presented by medicinal applications of plant-based therapies,
particularly cannabis-derived products. 

Our
Company 

We are a first-mover in the U.S. federally-authorized cannabis space. We are one of a few companies who have received conditional approval
based on already agreed terms from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA to produce federally legal cannabis
and have entered into a Memorandum of Agreement MOA with the DEA which permits us to proceed towards a Federal Registration
for the Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis under DEA Document Control Number W20078135E. 

Unlike
state-licensed cannabis companies who engage in commercial sales to consumers, and whose businesses are legal under state law but
not federal law, subject to the milestones and requirements set forth herein, we are conditionally authorized by the federal
government to sell cannabis commercially for research and manufacturing purposes, export cannabis for international cannabis
research purposes, and sell cannabis to DEA-registered pharmaceutical companies for the production of medical cannabis products and
preparations. We plan to focus on the development of cannabis strains and sales of products with high contents of CBN (cannabinol)
and CBG (cannabigerol). 

In
addition to research and pharmaceutical supply sales, Bright Green will be able, and has received the DEA s express permission, to sell certain cannabinoids, such as CBN (cannabinol) and CBG (cannabigerol) as hemp isolates or extracts, and plans to sell
CBN and CBG hemp products to consumers where such products are fully legal under all applicable laws. On August 9, 2022, the DEA
confirmed to BGC that cannabinoids, including, but not limited to CBN/CBG, which meet the definition of hemp by having
a Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis, are outside of the DEA s
jurisdiction because they are not controlled under the CSA. Hemp and hemp products were made legal by the Agriculture Improvement
Act of 2018 (the 2018 Farm Bill ), which has been codified in 21 U.S.C. 802(16)(B)(i), and 7 U.S.C. 
1639 o . This hemp product business line will be in addition to our research and pharmaceutical cannabis sales conducted under
a Federal Registration for the Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis, if and when we receive such registration 

Because
cannabis is still a Schedule I Controlled Substance in the U.S., it has been historically under-researched. Though the majority of Americans
now live in states where cannabis is legal, the full potential of the cannabis plant for medicinal use remains understudied due to limited
access to federally-approved cannabis. The DEA recently issued a call for more cannabis research supply based on the increased demand
for cannabis research in the U.S. As described herein, we received conditional approval from the DEA, based on already agreed upon terms
set forth in the MOA. Final approval from the DEA is contingent on, among other things, completed construction of manufacturing and production
facilities and systems. Completion of construction is subject to the risk factors described herein and also requires successful fundraising. 

Final registration under the MOA is anticipated in the second quarter of 2023, and is contingent upon
completion of construction and a successful inspection by the DEA of BGC s facilities. Additionally, BGC must comply with the
terms agreed upon pursuant to the MOA which include: submitting an Individual Procurement Quota on or before April 1 of each year
utilizing DEA Form 250; submitting an Individual Manufacturing Quota on or before May 1 of each year utilizing DEA Form 189;
collecting samples of cannabis and distributing them to DEA-registered analytical laboratories for chemical analysis during the
pendency of cultivation and prior to the DEA s taking possession of the cannabis grown; providing the DEA with 15-day advance
written notification, via email, of its intent to harvest cannabis; following the DEA s packaging, labeling, storage and
transportation requirements; distributing DEA s stocks of cannabis to buyers who entered into bona fide supply agreements with
the Company; providing the DEA with 15-day advance written notification of its intent to distribute cannabis; and invoicing the DEA
for harvested cannabis that it intends to sell to the DEA. 

4 

Following
final approval from the DEA, we will be permitted to cultivate and manufacture cannabis, supply cannabis researchers in the U.S. and
globally, and produce cannabis for use in pharmaceutical production of prescription medicines within the U.S. There is no guarantee
that we will receive final approval from the DEA. Upon receipt of the Federal Registration for the Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis, our activities will be legal under federal law, which sets BGC apart from most other U.S. cannabis
companies, if and when we receive such approval. 

We
have assembled an experienced team of medical professionals and researchers, international horticultural growers and experts, and construction
and cannabis production professionals, which we believe position us as a future industry leader in the production of cannabis. 

Current
Operations 

BGC
owns a 70-acre parcel of land on agricultural property, which includes an existing 22-acre greenhouse structure. The Company also owns
a 40-acre parcel of land nearby, and holds options for two additional 300-acre properties which are adjacent to the owned properties
(one is known as the Candelaria property, and the other is known as the Azuz property). 

We
are engaged in a phased development process consisting of the following: 

Renovation
 of BGC s existing 22-acre production facility, which is close to completion; 

the potential acquisition
 of Alterola Biotech, Inc. Alterola and research and development of Alterola assets; 

development
 of a 118-acre state-of-the-art agricultural manufacturing and research facility; and 

future
 greenhouse developments. 

When
completed, we believe the project will be one of the nation s largest federally authorized manufacturing and research facility
for plant-based therapies, supplying researchers across the United States and internationally with high-quality cannabis and
derivatives and will be capable of producing up to approximately 100,000 grams of resin per day with a concentration of a minimum of
85 useful cannabinoids. 

Phase
1 of the project consists of the renovation of the BGC s existing 22-acre production facility to process medicinal plants, including
cannabis and hemp, as well as the purchase of 25 of Alterola common stock, which occurred on October 3, 2022. 2023 operations of Phase
1 greenhouse acreage are expected to result in a net profit of 163.4 million, which will be available for Phase 2 capitalization, as
necessary. 

Phase 1 

First,
we will retrofit the 22-acre existing greenhouse to make it operational. Once the project is completed, we plan to use the existing 22-acre
greenhouse to cultivate non-cannabis herbs and medicinal plants. We expect to complete renovations of the existing 22-acre greenhouse
in in the second quarter of 2023. Within the first 10-acres of the existing greenhouse retrofit, we will include a two-acre university
greenhouse (the University Greenhouse to house our cannabis research, development, cultivation and manufacturing operations. 

Phase 2 

In
addition to the existing greenhouse, we plan to construct two new 57-acre greenhouses, one on the Candelaria property and one
on the Azuz property. 

We
have engaged Dalsem Complete Greenhouse Projects, B.V. Dalsem and Universal FAB to complete the construction of these
facilities and have negotiated an agreement with them, which our legal team is drafting. 

BGC
will leverage automation throughout the facility to ensure that all of BGC s processes are reliable and consistent, including the
Visser transplanter robot or Visser potting robot, and automated growing systems. New Mexico s uniquely predictable climate and
abundant sunshine make it an ideal setting for cultivation of cannabis in a greenhouse. BGC will use state-of-the-art technology to cultivate
cannabis in an efficient, standardized, and cost-effective way. The technologies specific to our planned greenhouses include: 

technologically
 advanced greenhouse design, which allows for maximum environmental control, cost-efficiency, and a low carbon footprint; 

environmentally
 sustainable cultivation methodology and practices in harmony with New Mexico s unique climate, using naturally available resources; 

5 

cultivation
 at a large scale to provide consistent, secure supply for researchers and the pharmaceutical industry; 

a
 patented air ventilation system, which uses ambient physical properties to generate optimal indoor conditions based upon the data
 driven growing strategy, with minimum use of energy, which in turn enables the highest yield and quality of crop in the shortest
 time; 

ebb-flood
 irrigation to enable the use of mildew resistant cultivars; 

fully-implemented
 pest/disease scouting system; 

controlled
 output through Pharma grade drying and extraction; 

extraction
 and separation techniques allowing for specific combinations of cannabinoids and other properties from cannabis for targeted therapeutics;
 and 

tamper-proof
 track trace and record keeping system. 

Our
agricultural property has adequate utilities and water and is ideally situated to cultivate and process cannabis in harmony with the
surrounding environment, using the most advanced technology. We believe the result will be consistent, pure, high-quality cannabis and cannabis
extracts that will provide reliable, safe inventory for cannabis researchers around the nation. 

Planned
Business Lines 

Domestic
Cannabis for U.S. Researchers and Registered Manufacturers 

We
plan to sell cannabis to research institutions, pursuant to our conditional approval from the DEA. Sales of THC cannabis products will
be made only via bona fide supply agreements from existing DEA registrants, and will not be directly to consumers under current scheduling
rules. Following final approval from the DEA, we plan to cultivate and manufacture cannabis for sale to federally authorized
research institutions and other purposes. There is no guarantee that we will receive final approval from the DEA. 

Once
we are authorized to begin operations by the DEA, we will be permitted to supply DEA-registered research institutions with cannabis
that contains high levels of THC. Additionally, we plan to conduct in-house research at our own facilities. Our license will also
 allow us to provide our products to in-house researchers, which we believe will allow us to conduct cutting edge research into
plant-based therapies using cannabis. We have been granted several patents for cannabis based products. See Item 1.
Business-Intellectual Property . 

Given
the competitiveness of the process to obtain a DEA registration to cultivate and process cannabis, and the continued federal illegality
of cannabis in the U.S., we believe we will be uniquely positioned to capture significant parts of the cannabis research supply market. The
market for clinical research has grown exponentially over the past decades, and we project cannabis research to take a similar trajectory. 

Cannabis
for International Export 

Our
DEA registration will allow us to export cannabis to researchers internationally. Given our state-of-the-art facility in development,
as well as the cannabis manufacturing expertise of our team, the unique climate of New Mexico and its suitability for a cannabis crop,
we anticipate significant demand for our high-quality cannabis products from international markets. 

Cannabis
for U.S. Pharmaceutical and Production CBN and CBG 

A DEA registration will allow us to sell cannabis to DEA-registered pharmaceutical companies to produce medicinal cannabis or
cannabis preparations, and we can also sell CBN and CBG to other companies developing products. There is significant potential for revenue from pharmaceutical companies that currently manufacture or desire
to manufacture drugs containing cannabis extracts, either on an over-the-counter or on a prescription basis, and we anticipate a
significant demand for CBN and CBG for the development of other products. 

6 

CBG
and CBN are cannabinoids, like CBD, which can be extracted from the cannabis plant. The CBG and CBN extracts that we plan to produce
would be sold to pharmaceutical companies and other market participants. We are in preliminary discussions with several pharmaceutical
companies in connection with proposed supply contracts for CBN and CBG high-grade oil extracts, to be used in healthcare, hormone balance
and anti-aging studies. We plan to distinguish ourselves by focusing on the CBN and CBG cannabinoids, which offer alternative health
and wellness benefits to CBD. By focusing on cannabis-derived CBN and CBG rather than hemp-derived CBD, we will leverage the potential
growth opportunity offered by these alternative compounds. The cannabis plant contains hundreds of cannabinoids and other compounds,
and due to the ongoing federal illegality, severely restricting research on these components, many believe that there is health and wellness
potential in some of these plant derivatives that has not yet been studied. 

On August 9, 2022, the DEA confirmed to BGC that
cannabinoids, including, but not limited to CBN and CBG, which meet the definition of hemp by having a Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol
concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis, are outside of the DEA s jurisdiction because they are not controlled
under the CSA. Hemp and hemp products were made legal by the 2018 Farm Bill, which has been codified in 21 U.S.C. 802(16)(B)(i),
and 7 U.S.C. 1639o. This hemp product business line will be in addition to our research and pharmaceutical cannabis sales conducted
under a Federal Registration for the Bulk Manufacturing, if and when we receive such registration. 

FDA
Supply 

The
FDA has stated that it recognizes that there is significant interest in the development of therapies and other consumer products derived
from cannabis. The FDA has stated that it is committed to protecting the public health while also taking steps to improve the efficiency
of regulatory pathways for the lawful marketing of appropriate cannabis and cannabis-derived products. The FDA has stated that it is
working to answer questions about the science, safety, and quality of products containing cannabis and cannabis-derived compounds. BGC
will be well-positioned to act as a partner to the FDA as it advances these efforts, and we will be one of the few federally registered
suppliers of cannabis available to the FDA for any of its research or exploration efforts in the space. As noted elsewhere, it is also
possible that the FDA may move forward with regulating cannabis products, which could materially affect our business plan depending on
what the future regulatory requirements would be. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the FDA will find our products safe or effective
or grant us the required approvals under the FDCA, which may inhibit our business prospects even in the case that the federal government
were to legalize cannabis. 

CBG
and CBN Hemp Products to Consumers 

We
plan to sell high-end CBN and CBG cannabis derived, hemp isolate products directly to consumers. On August 9, 2022, the DEA confirmed
to BGC that cannabinoids, including, but not limited to CBN/CBG, which meet the definition of hemp by having a Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol
concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis, are outside of the DEA s jurisdiction because they are not controlled
under the CSA. Hemp and hemp products were made legal by the 2018 Farm Bill,
which has been codified in 21 U.S.C. 802(16)(B)(i), and 7 U.S.C. 1639 o . This hemp product business line will be
in addition to our research and pharmaceutical cannabis sales conducted under our Federal Registration, if and when we receive such registration. 

7 

Production
Capabilities 

BGC
has adopted a phased approach to increase production on its site in Grants, New Mexico. In the first phase, the existing 22-acre Venlo
greenhouse will be renovated and an initial 10-acres will be prepared for operations. The University Greenhouse will be contained within
those first 10-acres. Subsequently, both of the two larger greenhouses will be built in Phase 2. 

Timeline 

The
existing 22-acre Venlo greenhouse is currently under renovation. The first 10-acres of the greenhouse are expected to be completed
in the second quarter of 2023, though there may be delays due to global supply chain issues. The University Greenhouse will be
located within the first 10-acres of the existing Venlo greenhouse and the 10-acre facility will be operational upon receiving final
approval from the DEA and will provide the initial supply of marijuana and marijuana extracts. Our first harvest will begin once we
receive final approval from the DEA and will be complete approximately two months from the first planting. We plan to
implement a phased approach to the build out of Phase 1 and Phase 2 and to plant intermittently as phases of each greenhouse reach
completion with estimated planting dates to be completed in tranches as follows: September 2023, March 2024, September
2024. 

Based
on the targeted production plan, BGC will have capacity for the following outputs once all of the greenhouse facilities are complete: 

50,000
 cannabis plants in the facility at all times and at different maturity levels; 

Annual
 harvested plants approximately 300,000 (multiple harvests per year); and 

Capacity
 to process 5,000 lbs. of plant material per day, using supercritical CO2 extraction. 

BGC
plans to cultivate marijuana and focus on the production of dried flower, and oils and marijuana extracts. BGC may also produce edibles
which contain extracts, if permitted by DEA regulations and requested by customers. 

The
BGC process draws on expertise from Controlled Environmental Agriculture
Design, by Larssen Larssen ), who have completed over 50 fully legal cannabis projects in jurisdictions throughout the world,
including Canada, Australia and Denmark. BGC is in discussions to enter into a supply agreement with cannabis tissue supplier Nordic Supreme.
Following execution of a definitive supply agreement, Nordic Supreme will supply BGC with proven cannabis genetics from their facilities
in Denmark. We plan to finalize and enter into a definitive agreement with Nordic Supreme in the second quarter of 2023. 

We
have not yet entered into a formal agreement with Larssen for consulting
and the development of best practices for our cultivation and manufacturing operations. Larssen will provide BGC with technical design
services related to the greenhouse retrofit and construction in Grants, New Mexico. The scope of our agreement with Larssen will be tailored
to support and complement Dalsem and Universal FAB. Larssen will first consult on the retrofit for the existing 22-acre greenhouse and
then consult on the Dalsem build of the two new greenhouses. Larssen will then implement a Quality Management System, along with the applicable
documents, forms, logbooks, and SOPs required to achieve GACP/GMP and DEA compliance. 

8 

Dalsem
and Universal FAB will be BGC s principal suppliers of the greenhouse building materials which will include hot dipped galvanized
steel, aluminum system profiles for the outside cladding and horticultural glass as covering. Dalsem and Universal FAB will also provide
irrigation building materials and components for building the Visser Transplanter. There could be price fluctuations for these materials
depending on the cost of raw materials like steel, glass, and aluminum. PlantLogic will supply plastic pots and water collection for
the coco peat insert material to grow plants, and Fertoz will provide organic soil for our facility. Octillo Lumber supplied the steel
mesh, and barbed wire for the property s perimeter fence. The parts for the security fencing are currently onsite. 

Intellectual
Property 

BGC
holds four issued patents, and other approved patent applications, applications pending review and applications submitted for review.
The patents held by the Company are: Patent No. 10,668,045 for topical massage oil and cream containing CBD, CBN, Curcumin and Boswellia
Resin; Patent No. 10,946,307 Extraction of Cannabinoids, Curcuminoids and Ginsenosides; Patent No. 10,946,308 Enzymatic Method for Extraction
and Purification of Phytocannabinoids; and Patent No. 11,197,833 Fortified CBD oil for treatment of PTSD. 

If
the Company successfully exercises its call option to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of Alterola, the BGC patent portfolio
will increase significantly to include the Alterola patents for the Cannabinoid and Cannabinoid like medicines. 

Patents
Issued 

Patent Name 
 Type
 of Patent Protection (composition of matter, method, or use) 
 Patent
 Number 
 Expiration
 Date 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Topical massage oil and cream containing CBD, CBN, Curcumin and Boswella Resin 
 Method Composition 
 10,668,045 
 7/12/2039 
 U.S. 
 
 Extraction of Cannabinoids, Curcuminoids and Ginsenosides 
 Method 
 10,946,307 
 7/12/2039 
 U.S. 
 
 Enzymatic Method for Extraction and Purification of Phytocannabinoids 
 Method 
 10,946,308 
 7/12/2039 
 U.S. 
 
 Fortified CBD oil for treatment of PTSD 
 Method 
 11,197,833 
 7/12/2039 
 U.S. 

Patent
Applications Submitted 

Patent Application Name 
 Type of Patent Protection (composition of matter, method, or use) 
 Patent Application Number 
 Patent Application Filing Date 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Fortified CBD oil for Treatment of PTSD 
 Composition 
 17/523,464 
 November 10, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Dissolution of Curcuminoids from Turmeric in Cannabis oil 
 Method Composition 
 63/279,396 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Fortified cannabis oil and beverages containing cannabis oil and curcuminoids 
 Method 
 63/279,406 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Fortified Cannabis Oil Topical Preparations for Dermal (Skin) Health 
 Method 
 63/279,413 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Chromatographic separation of THC, CBD and other cannabinoids 
 Method 
 63/279,419 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Cannabinoid Mixture 
 Method Composition 
 63/279,369 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Chromatographic separation of THC, CBD and other cannabinoids 
 Method 
 63/279,428 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Method for enriching Cannabinol (CBN) in Cannabis oil 
 Method 
 63/279,442 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Generation of new varieties of cannabis by ethyl methane sulfonate (EMS) Mutagenesis of cannabis seeds 
 Method 
 63/279,446 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Selection of new varieties of cannabis through somatic embryogenesis 
 Method 
 63/279,451 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Fortified cannabis oil for treating sleep disorders 
 Method 
 63/279,456 
 November 15, 2021 
 U.S. 
 
 Selection of New Varieties of Cannabis Plants expressing Cannabinoids by Cell Culture 
 Method 
 16/594,714 
 December 2022 
 U.S. 

9 

Current
Licenses Held 

In
May 2021, BGC entered into an MOA with the DEA to grow cannabis for federally sanctioned research. 

Final registration is anticipated in the coming months, and is contingent upon completion of
construction (which will require successful fundraising required to complete construction), and a successful inspection by the DEA of
BGC s facilities, based on the terms agreed upon pursuant to the MOA. The MOA with the DEA is effective for a one-year term, renewable
for up to four additional one-year terms. There is no guarantee that we will obtain the necessary authorization now, or in the future
for renewal purposes. On July 23, 2020, BGC received approval from the State of New Mexico Board of Pharmacy to conduct Controlled Substances
Manufacturing of Cannabis Products in the state, pursuant to receiving approval from the DEA to do so. On March 23, 2023 we were notified
that the Board of Pharmacy no longer has jurisdiction over cannabis as New Mexico has de-scheduled the substance. 

BGC
is applying to renew a State of New Mexico Continuous Hemp Commercial Research Production License. 

BGC holds a State of New Mexico Cannabis Control Division, Cannabis Research Laboratory License. No. CCD-2023-RSCH-001. Issued 3/23/2023.
Expires 3/23/2024. 

Industry
Overview 

US
Market Overview 

The
U.S. cannabis industry is undergoing rapid growth and change, particularly with the recent opening of opportunities for federally sanctioned
research on cannabis in partnership with the DEA, as well as the federal legalization of hemp, and corresponding state and federal hemp
research programs. 

BGC
plans to operate in the U.S. market for federally sanctioned cannabis as a supplier of cannabis for research or DEA Registered
Manufacturing purposes, and as a researcher itself. Importantly, all of BGC s proposed activities will comply with all existing
or future federal and state regulations. 

Legal
Background Cannabis 

Thirty-nine
U.S. states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam have legalized some form of whole-plant cannabis cultivation, sales and
use for certain medical purposes (medical states). Twenty-one of those states and the District of Columbia and Northern Mariana have
also legalized cannabis for adults for non-medical purposes (sometimes referred to as adult use). Under U.S. federal law, however,
those activities are illegal. Cannabis, other than hemp (defined by the U.S. government as Cannabis sativa L. with a THC
concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis), is a Schedule I controlled substance under the U.S. Controlled
Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801, et seq .) (the CSA ). Even in states or territories that have legalized cannabis to some
extent, the cultivation, possession, and sale of cannabis in-state or where those activities are deemed involved in interstate
commerce, all violate the CSA and are punishable by imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. Moreover, individuals and
entities may violate federal law if they aid and abet another in violating the CSA, or conspire with another to violate the law, and
violating the CSA is a predicate for certain other crimes, including money laundering laws and the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the federal government has the authority to regulate and criminalize the
sale, possession and use of cannabis, even for individual medical purposes, regardless of whether it is legal under state
law. 

10 

While the U.S. government has not enforced those laws
against companies complying with state cannabis laws, it retains the authority to do so, and as such the likelihood of any future adverse
enforcement against companies complying with state cannabis laws remains uncertain. In 2018, then U.S. Attorney General Jefferson Sessions
rescinded the United States Department of Justice s DOJ previous guidance (the Cole Memo) that had given federal
prosecutors discretion not to enforce federal law in states that legalized cannabis, as long as the state s legal regime adequately
addressed specified federal priorities. The Sessions memo, which remains in effect, states that each U.S. Attorney s Office should
follow established principles that govern all federal prosecutions when deciding which cannabis activities to prosecute. As a result,
federal prosecutors could and still can use their prosecutorial discretion to decide to prosecute state-legal cannabis activities. Since
the Sessions memo was issued nearly five years ago, U.S. Attorneys have not targeted state law compliant entities. The policy
of not prosecuting companies complying with state cannabis laws is likely to continue under current U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland.
In April 2022, Attorney General Garland reiterated that prosecuting the possession of cannabis is not an efficient use of
federal resources, especially given the ongoing opioid and methamphetamine epidemic[s] facing the nation. Recent statements
made by Garland suggest that the DOJ may issue further guidance on cannabis enforcement, though the timing of such guidance remains unknown.
In March 2023, Garland testified in a Congressional hearing that the DOJ was continuing its work on a new memorandum regarding cannabis
enforcement. He stated that the policy will be very close to what was done in the Cole memorandum but was yet to be finalized.
While these statements are not promises to avoid federal interference with state cannabis laws, and do not amount to desuetude, it does
signal that the enforcement priorities of DOJ lie elsewhere. Notwithstanding the comments made by the Attorney General, there is no guarantee
that the current presidential administration will not change its stated policy regarding the low-priority enforcement of U.S. federal
cannabis laws that conflict with state laws. The Biden administration could reverse course and decide to enforce U.S. federal cannabis
laws vigorously. 

Since 2014, versions of the U.S. omnibus spending bill have included a provision prohibiting the DOJ, which includes the DEA, from using
appropriated funds to prevent states from implementing their medical-use cannabis laws . In USA vs. McIntosh , the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held that the provision prohibits the DOJ from spending funds to prosecute individuals who engage in conduct
permitted by state medical-use cannabis laws and who strictly comply with such laws. However, the court noted that, if the spending bill
provision were not continued, prosecutors could enforce against conduct occurring during the statute of limitations even while the provision
was previously in force. Other courts that have considered the issue have ruled similarly. This affords some extra protection for medical
cannabis businesses, but does not apply to adult use businesses. Furthermore, any change in the federal government s enforcement
posture with respect to state-licensed cannabis sales, including the enforcement postures of individual federal prosecutors, is still a possibility. 

Despite
the ongoing federal illegality of cannabis, the DEA authorizes certain institutions to conduct research using cannabis, and recently
expanded those efforts. Between January 2017 and January 2019, the DEA s projections for federally approved cannabis research projects
increased dramatically, and as a result, the DEA more than quadrupled its production quota. In that time, the number of federally registered
cannabis researchers increased by more than 40 percent, from 384 to 542. Subsequently, the DEA announced that it would, for the first
time in decades, open up opportunities for additional cultivators to supply cannabis for this research. 

On
August 26, 2019, the DEA announced that it will further facilitate and expand scientific and medical research for cannabis in the United
States, including registering additional entities to produce cannabis for researchers, to increase the amount and variety of cannabis
available for research. The DEA intends this to facilitate research, advance scientific understanding about the effects of marijuana,
and potentially aid in the development of safe and effective drug products that may be approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration. 
In other words, the U.S. government believes that cannabis research is in the public s interest. Furthermore, this public statement
acknowledges the possibility that medical cannabis or related products may, in the future, require FDA approval and come under the FDA s
FDCA jurisdiction. However, there is no guarantee that the FDA will find our products safe or effective or grant us the required approvals
under the FDCA. Additionally, the costs of compliance with any future FDA requirements are unknown and our ability to meet those requirements
is also unknown, which may increase our operating costs and inhibit our business prospects even in the case that the federal government
were to legalize cannabis. 

11 

On
December 18, 2020, the DEA finalized new regulations pertaining to applications by entities seeking to become registered with the DEA
to grow cannabis as bulk manufacturers for authorized purposes. Under these and other applicable regulations, applicants are responsible
for demonstrating they have met various requirements, including requirements to possess appropriate state authority, document that their
customers are licensed to perform research, and employ adequate safeguards to prevent diversion. 

On
May 14, 2021, the DEA announced memorandums of agreement were provided to an unspecified and unnamed number of companies to
collaborate with the DEA to facilitate the production, storage, packaging, and distribution of marijuana under the new
regulations as well as other applicable legal standards and relevant laws. To the extent these memorandums of agreement are
finalized, DEA anticipates issuing DEA registrations to these manufacturers. Each applicant will then be authorized to cultivate
cannabis up to an allotted quota in support of the more than 575 DEA-licensed researchers across the nation. As
individual manufacturers are granted DEA registrations, that information will be made available on DEA s Diversion Control
website. As of April 14, 2023, a total of seven companies have been granted DEA registrations to bulk manufacture
cannabis. 

In
addition to anticipated expenses related to the DEA, we face expected costs related to compliance with existing environmental and other
regulations at the local, state, and federal level, as well as future environmental or other regulations. 

Recent
Federal Cannabis Bills 

Industry
observers were hopeful that a Democrat-controlled House and Senate, along with a Biden presidency, would increase the chances of federal
legalization of cannabis or some piecemeal policy reform. During his campaign, President Biden promised federal reform on cannabis, including
decriminalization generally. In 2022, President Biden signed into law the Medical Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act, a
bill aimed at easing restrictions on cannabis research -- bipartisan legislation which is the first standalone cannabis reform bill to
pass both the House and Senate. Additionally, on October 6, 2022, President Biden issued a presidential proclamation pardoning federal
convictions for simple marijuana possession offenses, encouraging state governors to do the same on the state level where permissible,
and requesting that the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Attorney General initiate an administrative process to review
cannabis s Schedule I classification under the CSA. This process could, but is not guaranteed to, change the legal status of cannabis
on a federal level. Regardless of the ultimate outcome on CSA scheduling, both actions represent significant milestones in the evolution
of federal cannabis policy. 

While
the timing of federal reform is unknown, there is bipartisan support for cannabis reform on the federal level. Members of the U.S. Congress
from the Democratic and Republican parties have introduced bills to end the federal cannabis prohibition, by de-scheduling cannabis completely
and regulating it. In the 117th Congress, Senators Cory Booker (D-NJ), Ron Wyden (D-OR), and Chuck Schumer (D-NY) filed the Cannabis
Administration And Opportunity Act, a bill that would regulate cannabis and expunge prior cannabis convictions; and Rep. Nancy Mace (R-SC)
filed the States Reform Act, which would repeal the federal prohibition of and further regulate cannabis on the federal level. This session
has seen additional incremental reform bills, including a bill that would direct the Attorney General of the United States to amend the
CSA to move cannabis from Schedule I to Schedule III of the Act (the Marijuana 1 to 3 Act ), and a bill to allow medical
cannabis patients to purchase and possess firearms (the Second Amendment Protection Act ). While the timing of federal reform
remains unknown, it is expected that federal policy on cannabis will continue becoming more, rather than less, permissive, and legislative
efforts to legalize cannabis or cannabis banking at the national level are likely to continue in 2023. 

Future
pathways to, and chances of, federal legalization or even further reform benefiting the state regulated, but federally illegal operators
remain uncertain and speculative. Regardless of the future status of federal legalization of cannabis, there are already tremendous opportunities
for fully legal medical cannabis researchers, suppliers, and product developers. 

Market
Growth 

In
the medical market, the demand for cannabis for research is likely to increase significantly over the next few years and decades, due
to the increasing number of states legalizing cannabis and the strong public support for cannabis legalization. By 2025, 5.4 million
Americans, or 2.4 of U.S. adults, are predicted to be registered patients in medical cannabis states, according to a report by New Frontier
Data New Frontier ). New Frontier also projects that the medical cannabis market will nearly double to over 16 billion
in that time, taking into account more geographies within the U.S. legalizing cannabis, which will lead to market expansion, the normalization
of cannabis which will increase the number of consumers, and medical cannabis patients turning to cannabis as an alternative to prescription
drugs. The global medical cannabis market is projected to reach 87.4 billion by 2027, according to Global Market Insights GMI ).
The DEA s aggregate production quotas for cannabis are 6,675 kg in 2023 for dried flower (an estimated 73 million market) and
1,000 kg for cannabis extract (an estimated 100 million market). These aggregate production quotas are expected to continue increasing
to meet increasing demand for cannabis research in the U.S. In addition to government funding, some institutions are already receiving
private investment in cannabis research. For example, Harvard and MIT received a 9 million donation to fund research into cannabis 
influence on brain health and behavior. Additionally, CB2 insights has noted that average prescriptions for qualifying conditions such
as chronic pain, PTSD, sleep disorders, epilepsy and anxiety saw a decline in 11 in favor of medical cannabis replacement leading the
analysts to estimate that more than 4 billion in sales that currently go to pharmaceutical products could be redirected towards medical
cannabis. Further research on cannabis legalization and its impact on public health are needed and are likely to take place over the
coming years, as the DEA has recognized the increased need for cannabis related research. 

12 

In 2021, large pharmaceutical
companies in the U.S. spent 102.3 billion on drug research and development, and the number has continued to increase each year. The private
research market, like the federal DEA research program, has an interest in investigating the uses and risk of cannabis and hemp derivatives,
not only in states that have legalized medical cannabis, but also in anticipation of potential full legalization. Research topics of interest
include : 

therapeutic
 benefits and risks of cannabis for common conditions for military veterans, including PTSD and chronic pain; 

therapeutic
 benefits and risks of cannabis for opioid addiction treatment, as well as other medical conditions and disabilities; 

cognitive
 effects of THC use in the developing brain of adolescents; 

prevention
 of and treatment for cannabis use disorder; 

effects
 of different levels of THC potency levels; 

accurate
 roadside testing to detect driving while impaired with cannabis and related topics; 

availability
 of inaccurately labeled and adulterated cannabis; 

effective
 cannabis packaging requirements for consumer and child safety; 

effect
 of cannabis legalization on workplace testing and workplace safety for safety-sensitive jobs, including the use of synthetic THC; 

effect
 of cannabis use on mental health and addiction; 

effect
 of cannabinoids on immunological responses against bacterial or viral infections. 

Regarding
the cannabis market generally, the industry is large and is growing. In 2020, there were 17.5 billion in annual industry sales, a 46 
increase from 2019. As of May 2021, capital raises in cannabis reached 6 billion, signaling increased confidence in projections of aggressive
cannabis market growth. According to a report by New Frontier Data, the U.S. legal cannabis market is predicted to more than double by
2025, reaching 41.5 billion in sales, and producing a 21 compound annual growth rate CAGR ). Therefore, BGC will be entering
a sizeable market with the first-mover advantage of a federally compliant business as cannabis enters a new stage of growth and development,
once it obtains authorization from the DEA to begin operations. 

Competition 

We
will face intense competition from the illicit market as well as other more regulated companies, some of which may have longer
operating histories and more financial resources and manufacturing and marketing experience. With potential consolidation in the
cannabis industry, we could face increased competition by larger and better financed competitors. 

Growers
of cannabis and retailers operating in the illicit market continue to hold significant market share in the United States and are effectively
competitors to our business. Illicit market participants divert customers away through product offering, price point, anonymity and convenience. 

Outdoor
cultivation also significantly reduces the barrier to entry by reducing the start-up capital required for new entrants in the cannabis
industry. It may also ultimately lower prices as capital expenditure requirements related to growing outside are typically much lower
than those associated with indoor growing. Further, the licensed outdoor cultivation capacity is extremely large. While outdoor cultivation
is almost exclusively extraction grade, its presence in the market will have a negative effect on pricing of extraction grade wholesale
cannabis. 

13 

Competition
is also based on product innovation, product quality, price, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional
activity, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, as well as convenience and service. 

Internationally,
cannabis companies are limited to those countries which have legalized aspects of the cultivation, distribution, sale or use of cannabis.
The barrier to entry for competitors in these is significantly influenced by the national regulatory landscape with respect to cannabis
and the economic climate subsisting in each region. 

We
expect more countries to pass regulation allowing for the use of medical and/or recreational cannabis. While expansion of the global
cannabis market will provide more opportunities to grow our international business, we also expect to experience increased global competition. 

Our
Corporate History 

BGC
was incorporated on April 16, 2019 under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). On May 28, 2019, BGC entered
into a merger agreement (the BGGI Agreement with Bright Green Grown Innovation LLC, a limited liability company BGGI ),
whereby BGC issued to BGGI an aggregate of 123,589,000 shares of common stock (the BGGI Merger ). In connection with the
BGGI Merger, BGC acquired two parcels of land, consisting of one 70-acre parcel and one 40-acre parcel, and a completed greenhouse structure
in Grants, New Mexico. Lynn Stockwell received 18,000,000 shares for the 70-acre parcel including the Greenhouse. She additionally received
9,500 shares for the 40 acre parcel. Share certificates were issued accordingly. 

BGC
entered into an agreement and plan of merger with Grants Greenhouse Growers, Inc., a New Mexico corporation GGG on October
30, 2020 (the GGG Agreement ), whereby BGC issued to GGG an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock (the GGG
Merger ). In connection with the GGG Merger, BGC received an option to purchase approximately 510 acres of land near BGC s
Grants, New Mexico property at the purchase price of 5,000 per acre. 

BGC
entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the Naseeb Agreement with Naseeb Inc. Naseeb on November
10, 2020, whereby BGC issued to Naseeb an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of common stock (the Naseeb Merger ). In connection
with the Naseeb Merger, BGC received certain intangible property, including rights to certain patents and patent applications, licenses
to operate cultivation facilities, and rights to additional licenses if-and-when issued. 

On
May 17, 2022, we completed a direct listing of our common stock (the Direct Listing ), on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbol BGXX. We incurred fees related to financial advisory service, audit, and legal expenses in connection
with the Direct Listing and incurred approximately 4,000,000 in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, in connection with the Direct Listing, and pursuant to a financial advisory agreement by and between the Company
and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC (the Advisor Agreement dated April 8, 2022, on June 3, 2022, we
issued representatives and affiliates of the Advisor and related parties, an aggregate of 787,245 shares of common stock , and representatives
of Entoro Securities LLC Entoro an aggregate of 787,245 shares of common stock. The shares were issued by the Company s
transfer agent. 

Bright
Green EB-5 Program 

On
February 1, 2023, we initiated a private placement offering of our common
stock, only to accredited or qualified institutional investors, in reliance upon Rule 506, Regulation D promulgated under the Securities
Act, pursuant to the U.S. government s EB-5 immigrant investor program. As of April 14, 2023, we have sold 44,010 shares of common
stock at 39.99 per share, receiving proceeds of 1.76 million and have received executed subscription agreements from 37 investors to
purchase 814,185 shares of common stock for 32.6 million. For more information, see Item 1.A. Risk Factors Although we have received executed subscription agreements
from investors to purchase shares of common stock under our EB-5 Program, such investors may never receive the requisite approvals to
participate in our EB-5 Program . 

14 

Arrangement
with Alterola 

On
August 25, 2022, we entered into a non-binding letter of intent (the Alterola Agreement with Alterola pursuant to
which we agreed to explore a merger transaction with Alterola. Pursuant to the Alterola Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire 25 
(the Initial Shares of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share of Alterola Alterola Stock ), subject to customary due diligence and applicable regulatory approvals. Additionally, pursuant to
the Alterola Agreement, we received a six-month option (the Alterola Option to acquire all remaining issued and
outstanding shares of Alterola Stock, subject to customary due diligence, and regulatory, stockholder and other necessary approvals. On April 4, 2023, we announced our intention to exercise the Alterola Option. 

Pursuant
to the Alterola Agreement, on October 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Secondary Stock Purchase Agreement and Release (the Secondary
SPA with Phytotherapeutix Holdings Ltd., a United Kingdom entity Phyto ), Equipped4 Holdings Limited, a United
Kingdom entity Equipped ), TPR Global Limited, a United Kingdom entity TPR (Phyto, Equipped and TPR, each,
a Seller and collectively, the Sellers and Alterola providing for the purchase by Bright Green of the Initial
Shares from the Sellers. 

The
Sellers in aggregate sold 201,761,982 shares of Alterola Stock to Bright Green for a purchase price of 3,999,999 pursuant to the payment
schedule set forth in the Secondary SPA. Following the receipt of each installment payment, the Sellers agreed to loan to Alterola the
proceeds such Seller received from the foregoing sale of its shares of Alterola Stock pursuant to a loan agreement. 

The
Sellers held 67 of the total outstanding shares of Alterola Stock prior to the closing of the Secondary SPA. As a result of this transaction,
Bright Green obtained ownership or voting power of approximately 25 of the total outstanding shares of Alterola Stock. 

Concurrently
with the signing of the Secondary SPA, the Company and the Sellers entered into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement whereby the Sellers agree to vote in favor of the adoption of an agreement to effect the Company s acquisition of Alterola or Alterola s
merger into the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be, pursuant to additional terms set forth in the Voting Agreement.
Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, the Sellers executed an irrevocable proxy (the Irrevocable Proxy whereby the Sellers
granted the Company an irrevocable proxy to vote the Sellers Subject Shares (as defined therein) in a manner consistent with the
Voting Agreement and pursuant to additional terms set forth in the Irrevocable Proxy. 

The
Alterola Agreement provides that the parties shall use their good faith efforts to enter into a definitive agreement setting forth the
binding terms of the transaction, whereby we shall acquire all remaining Alterola Stock in exchange for an additional 6 million together
with an aggregate of 40 million of shares of our common stock (the Alterola Transaction ). 

On February 9, 2023, we appointed Seamus McAuley, Chief Executive Officer
of Alterola, as our Chief Executive Officer, and entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. McAuley. At that time, Terry
Rafih stepped down as Chief Executive Officer, continuing as Executive Chairman of the Board. For more information, see Named
Executive Officer Employment Arrangements . 

On April 4, 2023, we announced our intention to acquire the remaining issued
and outstanding common stock of Alterola. 

Available
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1033 George Hanosh Boulevard Grants, NM 87020, and our telephone number is (833) 658-1799.
Our corporate website address is https://brightgreen.us. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of
this Annual Report and should not be considered to be part thereof. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC electronically through the SEC website (www.sec.gov). The information contained
on the SEC s website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report and should not be considered to be part thereof.
We also provide access without charge to all of our SEC filings, including copies of this Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing, on our website. 

15 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 23 full-time employees. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We emphasize
several measures and objectives in managing its human capital assets, including, among others, (i) employee safety and wellness, (ii)
talent acquisition and retention, (iii) employee engagement, development and training, (iv) diversity and inclusion and (v) compensation.
These targeted ideals may include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee matching opportunities,
healthcare, and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources,
and/or employee assistance programs. We also provide our employees with access to various innovative, flexible, and convenient health
and wellness programs. We designed these programs to support employees physical and mental health by providing tools and resources
to improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before you make a decision to buy our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties
discussed above under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related
notes included at the end of this Annual Report and in the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. If any of the events or developments described below were to occur, our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose
all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

Risk
Factors Summary 

Below
is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address
all of the risks and uncertainties that we face. You should carefully consider the full risk factor disclosure outlined in this Annual
Report, in addition to the other information herein, including the section of this Annual Report titled Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and related notes. 

We have a relatively
 limited history of operations, a history of losses, and our future earnings, if any, and cash flows may be volatile, resulting in
 uncertainty about our prospects; 

We had negative operating
 cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; 

We are highly dependent
 on our management team, certain members of our board of directors and advisors, and the loss of our executive officers, non-executive
 directors or other key advisors or service providers could harm our ability to implement our strategies, impair our relationships
 with clients and adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects; 

The COVID-19 pandemic could
 continue to materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and day-to-day operations; 

Our plan to expand our
 product offerings and sales channels might not be successful, and implementation of these plans might divert our operational, managerial
 and administrative resources, which could impact our competitive position; 

We are in discussions to
 consummate arrangements with certain service providers, and if these arrangements do not materialize, or materialize on terms that
 are not favorable to the Company, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
 cash flows and day-to-day operations; 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and determined that our
disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of June 30, 2022, as a result of the restatement of our unaudited financial
information as of and for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. We have strengthened our review controls around the issuance of shares of common stock and the recording of the associated
expense by adding an additional reviewer to the review process. Although our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, we may, in the future,
identify additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial
reporting or adequate disclosure controls and procedures, which may result in material errors in our financial statements or cause
us to fail to meet our period reporting obligations; 

Cannabis is highly regulated
 at the federal and state level, and authorizations for the production of cannabis for research is still in the early stages; 

A denial of, or significant
 delay in obtaining, or any interruption of required government authorizations to grow cannabis for federally sanctioned purposes
 would likely significantly, negatively impact us; 

The U.S. wholesale market
 for cannabis for research is of unknown size and is difficult to forecast; 

FDA regulation of cannabis
 could negatively affect the cannabis industry, which would directly affect our financial condition; 

Research in the United
 States, Canada and other countries on the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy and dosing of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids
 may cause adverse effects on our operations; 

The
 very dynamic nature of the laws and regulations affecting the cannabis market, the federal authorization of cannabis for research,
 or the state-regulated cannabis industry could materially adversely affect our proposed operations, and we cannot predict the impact
 that future laws or regulations may have on us; 

The uncertainties around
 funding, construction, and growing an agricultural crop pose risks to our business; 

The cannabis industry is
 subject to the risks inherent in an agricultural business, including environmental factors and the risk of crop failure; 

We are subject to environmental
 regulations and laws, and failure to timely or completely comply with such regulations and laws, or failure to obtain or maintain
 applicable licenses, may adversely affect our business; 

The growth of our business
 continues to be subject to new and changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations; 

16 

We are subject to risks,
 including delays, from our ongoing and future construction projects, which may result from reliance on third parties, delays relating
 to material delivery and supply chains, and fluctuating material prices, among other factors; 

Our planned future sale
 of cannabis and cannabis products could expose us to significant product liability risks; 

We will need to raise substantial
 additional funds in the future, which funds may not be available or, if available, may not be available on acceptable terms; 

There is no guarantee that
 we will be able to continue to raise funds through our EB-5 Program, if and when such program receives requisite regulatory approvals; 

We are dependent on our
 banking relations, and while we currently have a stable banking relationship and operate in compliance with all applicable laws,
 we could have difficulty accessing or consistently maintaining banking or other financial services due to banks risk aversion
 toward serving even legal parts of the cannabis industry; 

While we have entered into
 a non-binding letter of intent with Alterola Biotech Inc. and have entered into exclusive negotiations for a merger therewith, we
 cannot assure you that the transactions contemplated by our non-binding letter of intent will be consummated or, that if such transactions
 are consummated, they will be accretive to stockholder value; 

We may engage in future
 acquisitions or strategic transactions, including the transaction with Alterola, which may require us to seek additional financing
 or financial commitments, increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management; 

We are subject to risks
 related to information technology systems, including cyber-security risks; successful cyber-attacks or technological malfunctions
 can result in, among other things, financial losses, the inability to process transactions, the unauthorized release of confidential
 information and reputational risk, all of which would negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations; 

Our common stock has a
 limited trading history and an active trading market may not develop or continue to be liquid, and the market price of our shares
 of common stock may be volatile; 

The market price of our
 common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our control; 

You may be diluted by issuances
 of preferred stock or additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise; future sales of
 such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price; 

The future exercise of
 registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock; 

If securities or industry
 analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock
 , its trading price and volume could decline; 

We are an emerging
 growth company, and our election to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements as a public company may make our common
 stock less attractive to investors; 

Provisions of our amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a take-over that may not be in the best interests of our
 stockholders; 

The requirements of being
 a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive
 management and qualified board members; 

Our failure to meet the
 continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our securities; 

If we cannot continue to
 satisfy the rules of Nasdaq, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively impact the price of our securities and your ability
 to sell them; 

Your ownership interest
 will be diluted and our stock price could decline when we issue additional shares of common stock; and 

We have issued warrants
 and may continue to issue additional securities in the future. The exercise of these warrants and the sale of the common stock issuable
 thereunder may dilute your percentage ownership interest and may also result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Operations - General Risks 

We
have a relatively limited history of operations, a history of losses, and our future earnings, if any, and cash flows may be volatile,
resulting in uncertainty about our prospects. 

Our
lack of a significant history and the evolving nature of the market in which we operate make it likely that there are risks inherent
to our business that are yet to be recognized by us or others, or not fully appreciated, and that could result in us suffering further
losses. As a result of the foregoing, and concerns regarding the economic impact from COVID-19, an investment in our securities necessarily
involves uncertainty about the stability of our operating results or results of operations. 

We
had negative operating cash flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

We
had negative operating cash flow of 2,265,770 in the year ended December 31, 2022, and a negative operating cash flow of 1,656,575
for the year ended December 31, 2021. To the extent that we have negative operating cash flow in future periods, we may need to allocate
a portion of our cash reserves to fund such negative cash flow. We may also be required to raise additional funds through the issuance
of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to generate positive cash flow from our operations, that
additional capital or other types of financing will be available when needed or that these financings will be on terms favorable to us. 

We
have not based our financial projections or valuation on actual operations. 

Our
pre-operational stage precludes us from providing financial information based on actual operations. Current financial projections are
based on assumptions concerning future operations that we believe are reasonable but may prove incorrect. Because actual conditions will
differ from those assumptions, and the differences may be material, we cannot assure you that these projections will prove accurate and
caution you against excessive reliance on them in deciding whether to invest in our equity securities. Any increase in our costs or decrease
in our revenues could affect your ability to receive a return on your investment. 

We
are highly dependent on our management team, certain members of our board of directors and advisors, and the loss of our executive officers,
non-executive directors or other key advisors or service providers could harm our ability to implement our strategies, impair our relationships
with clients and adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Our
success depends, to a large degree, on the skills of our management team and our ability to retain, recruit and motivate key officers
and employees. Our active senior executive leadership team has significant experience, and their knowledge and relationships would be
difficult to replace. Leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur
or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. Competition for senior executives and skilled personnel in the
horticulture industry is intense, which means the cost of hiring, paying incentives and retaining skilled personnel may continue to increase. 

We
need to continue attracting and retaining key personnel and recruiting qualified individuals to succeed existing key personnel to ensure
the continued growth and successful operation of our business. In addition, as a provider of custom-tailored horticulture solutions,
we must attract and retain qualified personnel to continue to grow our business, and competition for such personnel can be intense. Our
ability to effectively compete for senior executives and other qualified personnel by offering competitive compensation and benefit arrangements
may be restricted by cash flow and other operational restraints. The loss of the services of any senior executive or other key personnel,
or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. In addition, to attract and retain personnel with appropriate skills and knowledge to support our
business, we may offer a variety of benefits, which could reduce our earnings or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

17 

Our
insurance may not adequately cover our operating risk. 

We
have insurance to protect our assets, operations and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks
to which we are exposed and is adequate and customary in our current state of operations, such insurance is subject to coverage limits
and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. In addition, no assurance can be given that
such insurance will be adequate to cover our liabilities or will be generally available in the future or, if available, that premiums
will be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in
excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur such liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We
may have difficulty obtaining insurance at economically viable rates. 

Our
lack of operating history in an emerging area, and our plan to grow cannabis, even legally under all applicable laws, may make it difficult
to obtain insurance policies at rates competitive with rates for other crops. Insurance that is otherwise readily available, such as
workers compensation, general liability, title insurance and directors and officers insurance, is more difficult
for us to find and more expensive because of our involvement in emerging areas as well as our cultivation, processing, and sale of cannabis,
albeit legally under both state and federal laws. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find insurance coverage at otherwise
competitive, or even economically viable terms. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results. 

U.S.
GAAP and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant
to our business, such as, but not limited to, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, trade promotions, and income taxes, are
highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes to these rules or their interpretation
or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported results. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could continue to materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
and day-to-day operations. 

The
outbreak of COVID-19, a novel strain of coronavirus first identified in China, which has spread across the globe including the U.S.,
has had an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. Most recently, the response to this coronavirus by federal, state
and local governments in the U.S. has resulted in the significant market and business disruptions across many industries and affecting
businesses of all sizes. This pandemic has also caused significant stock market volatility and further tightened capital access for most
businesses. Given that the COVID-19 pandemic and its disruptions are of unknown duration, they could have an adverse effect on our liquidity
and profitability. 

The
ultimate magnitude of COVID-19, including the extent of its impact on our financial and operational results, which could be material,
will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues, its effect on the demand for our products and our supply chain, the effect
of governmental regulations imposed in response to the pandemic, as well as uncertainty regarding all of the foregoing. We cannot at
this time predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, but it could have a larger material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows beyond what is discussed within this Annual Report. 

18 

We
could be adversely affected by declines in discretionary consumer spending, consumer confidence and general and regional economic conditions. 

Our
success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is heavily influenced by general economic conditions
and the availability of discretionary income. We believe the cannabis markets are heavily reliant on discretionary consumer spending.
The current economic environment as a result of COVID-19, coupled with high volatility and uncertainty as to the future global economic
landscape, may have an adverse effect on consumers discretionary income and consumer confidence. Future volatile, negative, or
uncertain economic conditions and recessionary periods or periods of significant inflation may adversely impact consumer spending on
our products and services, which would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such
effects can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or slow economic growth. 

Our
plan to expand our product offerings and sales channels might not be successful, and implementation of these plans might divert our operational,
managerial and administrative resources, which could impact our competitive position. 

BGC s
success and the planned growth and expansion of the business depends on their products and services achieving greater and broader acceptance,
resulting in a larger customer base, and on the expansion of its operations into new markets. However, there can be no assurance that
customers will purchase its products and/or services, or that they will be able to continually expand their customer base. Additionally,
if they are unable to effectively market or expand their product and/or service offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business
or implement our business strategy. 

BGC s
ability to grow its existing brand and develop or identify new growth opportunities depends in part on its ability to appropriately identify,
develop and effectively execute strategies and initiatives. Failure to effectively identify, develop and execute strategies and initiatives
may lead to increased operating costs without offsetting benefits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
These plans involve various risks discussed elsewhere in these risk factors, including: 

implementation
 of these plans may be delayed or may not be successful; 

if
 BGC s expanded product offerings and sales channels fail to maintain and enhance our distinctive brand identity, our brand
 image may be diminished, and our sales may decrease; and 

implementation
 of these plans may divert management s attention from other aspects of our business and place a strain on our management, operational
 and financial resources, as well as our information systems. 

In
addition, BGC s ability to successfully carry out our plans to expand its product offerings may be affected by, among other things,
laws and regulations pertaining to cannabis use, economic and competitive conditions, changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer
preferences. BGC s expansion plans could be delayed or abandoned, could cost more than anticipated and could divert resources from
other areas of our business, any of which could impact its competitive position and reduce our revenue and profitability. 

We
are in discussions to consummate arrangements with certain service providers, and if these arrangements do not materialize, or materialize
on terms that are not favorable to the Company, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows and day-to-day operations 

We
are in discussions to consummate arrangements with certain service providers. Any agreement we plan to enter into with a third party
may not materialize, or, may not be on favorable terms, and the expected benefits and growth from these agreements may not materialize
as planned. If we fail to enter into agreements with such service providers, or enter into agreements that are not on favorable terms
to the Company, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and day-to-day
operations. 

19 

We have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting and determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of June 30, 2022,
as a result of the restatement of our unaudited financial information as of and for the quarter ended June 30, 2022. We have strengthened our review controls around the issuance of shares of common stock and the recording of
the associated expense by adding an additional reviewer to the review process . Although our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, we may, in the future, identify additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail
to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting or adequate disclosure controls and procedures, which may
result in material errors in our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our period reporting obligations. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our former Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30,
2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material error in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. In Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in our quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 filed August 12, 2022, our management previously concluded that we
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022. Our management subsequently concluded that a
material weakness existed and our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2022. This
determination was made as a result of a recording error of the fair value of shares of common stock we issued for services in June
2022. Such shares have a fair value of 8.00 per share, the price of our common stock at the time of our Direct Listing, but were
initially recorded at a fair value of 4.00 per share. With this error being corrected in amendment no. 1 to our quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022, net loss increased by 6,297,960. We have strengthened our review controls around the
issuance of shares of common stock and the recording of the associated expense by adding an additional reviewer to the review
process. The Company continues to evaluate and implement procedures as deemed appropriate to
enhance our disclosure controls . 

If
we identify new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, if we are unable to assert that our internal control
over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors
may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively
affected. As a result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities
are then listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could
harm our reputation, financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our core business, and would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are at risk of cyber-attacks or other security breaches that could compromise sensitive business information, undermine our ability to
operate effectively and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

Increasingly,
companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. In addition to traditional computer hackers 
malicious code (such as viruses and worms), phishing attempts, employee theft or misuse, and denial of service attacks, sophisticated
nation-state and nation-state supported actors engage in intrusions and attacks (including advanced persistent threat intrusions) and
add to the risks to internal networks, cloud deployed enterprise and customer-facing environments and the information they store and
process. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate
these risks. We, and our third-party software and service providers, may face security threats and attacks from a variety of sources. 

As
part of our business, we store our data, including intellectual property, and certain data about our employees, customers and vendors
in our information technology systems. Our security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional
misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees
or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, or other information to gain access to our customers 
data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems.
In addition, given their size and complexity, our information systems could be vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches
from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious
third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our products, systems or confidential information. 

20 

If
a third party gained unauthorized access to our data, including any data regarding our employees, customers or vendors, the security
breach could expose us to risks. Such unauthorized access and a failure to effectively recover from breaches could compromise confidential
information, disrupt our business, harm our reputation, result in the loss of customer confidence, business and assets (including trade
secrets and other intellectual property), result in regulatory proceedings and legal claims, and have a negative impact on our financial
results. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Operations - Required DEA Authority To Grow and Process Cannabis and Cannabis Generally 

Cannabis
is highly regulated at the federal and state level, and authorizations for the production of cannabis for research are still in the early
stages. 

Cannabis, other than hemp, is a Schedule I controlled
substance under the CSA. Even in states or territories that have legalized cannabis to some extent, the cultivation, possession, and sale
of cannabis all remain violations of federal law that are punishable by imprisonment, substantial fines and forfeiture. While cannabis
remains a federally illegal Schedule I drug under the CSA, there is a limited exemption under which cannabis can be grown or manufactured
for uses in federally sanctioned research. To become an authorized cannabis supplier or researcher in the United States, one must obtain
a registration from the DEA and meet certain requirements imposed by the DEA, which are required by the DEA to comply with federal statutes
and international treaty law. The registration process to manufacture controlled substances is codified under 21 U.S.C. 823. It
requires that the Attorney General determine whether registrations are in the public interest. To do so, the Attorney General is directed
to consider multiple public interest factors, including compliance with applicable State and local law. 

The
University of Mississippi, pursuant to a contractual agreement with National Institute on Drug Abuse NIDA ), was the
only federally authorized cannabis producer in the United States for years. In the face of unprecedented demand for cannabis manufacture
for research necessitating more suppliers, the program at the University of Mississippi has faced significant criticism for its poor
quality flower, mold issues, and limited availability of strains with levels of THC and CBD comparable to commercial cannabis products. 

In
recent years, the federal government has acknowledged the need for new suppliers. During his confirmation hearings in 2019, Attorney
General Barr testified that he supported authorizing more facilities to cultivate cannabis in the U.S. for research purposes. In January
2020, a senior policy advisor for the DEA, Matthew J. Strait, testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee regarding the
DEA s progress to date. Mr. Strait acknowledged concerns about the limited supply of research-grade cannabis and the lack of chemical
diversity in the plants cultivated in Mississippi. He outlined the DEA s various steps in the past few years to expand cannabis
research and manufacturing capacity, including: 

In
 December 2015, the DEA announced to all existing Schedule I researchers that it was easing
 the requirements for obtaining a modification of their existing registration for those who
 wished to conduct research on cannabidiol (CBD). 

In
 early 2018, the DEA announced that it had developed and implemented an online portal for
 researchers to safely and securely submit their qualifications, research protocol and institutional
 approvals for a proposed Schedule I research registration thereby streamlining the acquisition
 of information necessary to process each application. Presently, the average time it takes
 for DEA and the FDA to review/approve an application is 52 days. 

On
 the manufacturing side, between 2017 and 2022, the DEA increased the aggregate production quota for cannabis by 575 , from 472 kg
 in 2017 to 3,200 kg in 2022. The increase has directly supported NIDA s provision of various strains of cannabis to researchers
 in the United States. 

21 

In addition to these efforts, in 2016, the DEA began
accepting new research cultivation applications under regulations developed by the Obama administration. However, no decisions were made
on those applications, and, in August 2019, the DEA issued a notice to the pending applicants, stating that it would promulgate new regulations
to govern the program of growing marihuana for scientific and medical research prior to issuing any registrations. During
his testimony, Mr. Strait explained that the DEA is actively taking steps to expand the number of registered growers, and
had recently sent draft regulations to facilitate licensing additional growers to the Office of Management and Budget. 

Those draft regulations were published in late March
2020. Under the proposed regulations, the DEA will maintain sole ownership of all cannabis produced under the program, requiring growers
to notify the DEA of an upcoming harvest up to four months in advance, or at a minimum, 15 days before a harvest. The DEA currently
has roughly thirty-five outstanding applications for research cannabis cultivation licenses, and the agency said it expects to approve
approximately five to thirteen suppliers once the rules are finalized after a public comment period, which has ended. The proposed rule
provides that, with a limited exception, applications accepted for filing after the date the final rule becomes effective will not be
considered pending until all applications accepted for filing on or before the date the final rule becomes effective have been granted
or denied by the Administrator. 

On
December 18, 2020, the DEA finalized new regulations pertaining to applications by entities seeking to become registered with the
DEA to grow cannabis as bulk manufacturers for research purposes and provide cannabis to other DEA registered manufacturers. Under
these and other applicable regulations, applicants are responsible for demonstrating that they have met various requirements,
including requirements to possess appropriate state authority, document that their customers are licensed to perform research, and
employ adequate safeguards to prevent diversion. The DEA has registered a limited number of additional bulk manufacturers for the
U.S. wholesale market for cannabis for research. 

On
May 14, 2021, the DEA announced that it planned to provide memorandums of agreement to an unspecified and unnamed number of companies
to collaborate with the DEA to facilitate the production, storage, packaging, and distribution of marijuana under the new regulations
as well as other applicable legal standards and relevant laws. The DEA s final rule on the topic estimated that it would
award licenses to between three and fifteen companies. To the extent these memorandums of agreement are finalized, the DEA anticipates
issuing DEA registrations to these manufacturers. Each applicant will then be authorized to cultivate cannabis up to an allotted
quota in support of the more than 575 DEA-licensed researchers across the nation. As individual manufacturers are granted DEA
registrations, that information will be made available on DEA s Diversion Control website. 

22 

A
denial of, or significant delay in obtaining, or any interruption of required government authorizations to grow cannabis for federally
sanctioned purposes would likely significantly, negatively impact us. 

Our
business plan depends heavily on receiving the necessary state and federal authorizations to research cannabis and to grow cannabis for
federally sanctioned cannabis research. Bright Green may not commence cannabis growing operations until both the State of New Mexico
and the federal government, in particular the DEA, have signed off that Bright Green has met its obligations under state law and the
MOA and is compliance with all applicable regulations. While New Mexico has granted to Bright Green the necessary licenses to grow cannabis
for research, and BGC and the DEA have entered into a MOA for BGC to be one of the entities registered by the DEA to grow cannabis for
federally sanctioned purposes, we cannot guarantee that the DEA will ultimately permit BGC to register manufacture cannabis. The
MOA was effective and became binding on May 20, 2021. The DEA s denial of any authorizations or any delay in granting the authorization
or renewal could have a significantly negative impact on our business plans, operations and financial results. 

BGC
must comply with all terms agreed to in the MOA which include: 

submitting
 an Individual Procurement Quota on or before April 1 of each year utilizing DEA Form 250; 

submitting
 an Individual Manufacturing Quota on or before May 1 of each year utilizing DEA Form 189; 

collecting
 samples of cannabis and distributing them to DEA-registered analytical laboratories for chemical analysis during the pendency of
 cultivation and prior to the DEA s taking possession of the cannabis grown; 

providing
 the DEA with 15-day advance written notification, via email, of its intent to harvest cannabis; 

following
 the DEA s packaging, labeling, storage and transportation requirements; 

distributing
 DEA s stocks of cannabis to buyers who entered into bona fide supply agreements with the Company; providing the DEA with 15-day
 advance written notification of its intent to distribute cannabis; and 

invoicing
 the DEA for harvested cannabis that it intends to sell to the DEA. 

Furthermore,
unless terminated for cause by the DEA, the MOA is effective for an initial one-year term from its effective date, subject to automatic
renewal for up to four additional one-year terms. There is no guarantee, however, that the needed authorizations will be obtained in
the first place, or subsequently renewed at the one year or subsequent renewal terms. 

Changes
in the competitive landscape for cannabis for federally sanctioned research could significantly, negatively impact us. 

The
DEA has not made public how many entities received memorandums of agreement. If the DEA awards additional Federal Registrations to grow cannabis for
federally sanctioned research it would limit our competitive advantage. This would have a negative impact on our business plans, operations
and financial results. 

The
U.S. wholesale market for cannabis for research is of unknown size and is difficult to forecast. 

BGC
plans to operate in a novel market which currently only has seven other participants. The extent to which the DEA will expand the
current cannabis research program, and the supply that the DEA will require from bulk manufacturers to furnish researchers with
cannabis is unknown and unprecedented. Because this market is new and novel, there are risks to predicting the market size and the
resulting revenue BGC will obtain from government contracts to supply cannabis researchers,
should the DEA registration be obtained, and any such projections may prove inaccurate. 

We
may not develop as many cannabis products or a crop of the consistency or quality that we expect, which could have a negative adverse
effect on our business plan and profitability. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain research customers, but we face competition in obtaining customers for our cannabis
materials and products. There are many factors that could impact our ability to attract and retain customers, including our ability to
successfully compete based on price, produce high quality or consistent crops, continually produce desirable and effective products that
are superior to others in the market, and the successful implementation of our customer acquisition plan and the continued growth in
the aggregate number of potential customers. Competition for customers may result in increasing our costs while also lowering the market
prices for our products, and reduce our profitability. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining customers, we may fail to
be competitive or achieve profitability or sustain profitability over time. 

As
a result of changing customer preferences, even among research or pharmaceutical customers, many products attain financial success for
a limited period of time. 

23 

Even
if we are successful in introducing new products, a failure to gain consumer acceptance or to update products with compelling attributes
could cause a decline in our products popularity that could reduce revenues and harm our business, operating results and financial
condition. Failure to introduce new products or product types and to achieve and sustain market acceptance could result in our being
unable to meet consumer preferences and generate revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financial
results from operations. 

FDA
regulation of cannabis could negatively affect the cannabis industry, which would directly affect our financial condition. 

Should
the federal government legalize cannabis, it is possible that the FDA would seek to regulate it under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act.
After the U.S. government removed hemp and its extracts from the CSA as part of the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, the FDA Commissioner
Scott Gottlieb issued a statement reminding the public of the FDA s continued authority to regulate products containing
cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. 
He also reminded the public that it s unlawful under the FDCA to introduce food containing added cannabidiol CBD or tetrahydrocannabinol THC into interstate commerce, or to market CBD or THC products, as, or in, dietary supplements,
regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived, and regardless of whether health claims are made, because CBD and THC entered
the FDA testing pipeline as the subject of public substantial clinical investigations for GW Pharmaceuticals Sativex (THC and
CBD) and Epidiolex (CBD). Gottlieb s statement added that, prior to introduction into interstate commerce, any cannabis product,
whether derived from hemp or otherwise, marketed with a disease claim (e.g., therapeutic benefit, disease prevention, etc.) must first
be approved by the FDA for its intended use through one of the drug approval pathways. 

The
FDA has sent numerous warning letters to sellers of CBD products making health claims. The FDA could turn its attention to the cannabis
industry at large. In addition to requiring FDA approval of cannabis products marketed as drugs, the FDA could issue rules and regulations
including certified good manufacturing practices related to the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing of cannabis. It is also
possible that the FDA would require that facilities where cannabis is grown register with the FDA and comply with certain federally prescribed
regulations. Cannabis facilities are currently regulated by state and local governments. In the event that some or all of these federal
enforcement and regulations are imposed, we do not know what the impact would be on our operations, including what costs, requirements
and possible prohibitions may be enforced. If we are unable to comply with the regulations or registration as prescribed by the FDA,
we may be unable to continue to operate our business in its proposed form or at all. There is no guarantee that cannabinoid products
that may not be fully legal now will be able to be legally commercialized in the future or that Bright Green s products or operations
will meet any new FDA regulations or interpretations of the law, which could inhibit Bright Green s business prospects even in
the case that the federal government were to legalize cannabis. 

Due
to the FDA s position on CBD, and because we are committed to complying with both state and federal laws, any legal restriction
on the sale of products that containing extracts of cannabis could limit the legally accessible CBD/legal cannabinoid market for our
proposed products. 

Additionally,
the FDA may, in the future, decide to regulate cannabis products, which could significantly accelerate or stall the development and sale
of cannabis-based products. Currently, there is uncertainty regarding the FDA s path forward regarding cannabis. If the FDA were
to regulate cannabis, it is possible that it would distinguish between DEA-approved facilities like Bright Green s, and commercial
cannabis retailers selling directly to consumers in state-legal markets. Because Bright Green s products are not going directly
to consumers, and would only reach consumers via a prescription drug that has undergone FDA clinical trials and safety testing, it is
likely that the majority of the FDA s regulation would affect state-legal cannabis operators more so than Bright Green. However,
the effect of future FDA regulation on cannabis remains uncertain and could also have an adverse effect on our business operations, operating
costs, and performance. Moreover, there is no guarantee that the FDA will find our products safe or effective or grant us the required
approvals under the FDCA, which may inhibit our business prospects even in the case that the federal government were to legalize cannabis,
and could also create unforeseen costs created by requirements to comply with the FDCA. 

24 

Research
in the United States, Canada and other countries on the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy and dosing of cannabis or isolated
cannabinoids may cause adverse effects on our operations. 

Historically
stringent regulations related to cannabis have made conducting medical and academic studies challenging. Many statements concerning the
potential medical benefits of cannabinoids are based on published articles and reports, and as a result, such statements are subject
to the experimental parameters, qualifications and limitations in the studies that have been completed. Future research and clinical
trials may draw different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing or other facts
and perceptions related to medical cannabis, which could adversely affect social acceptance of cannabis and the demand for their products. 

There
can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention, or other research
findings or publicity will be favorable to the cannabis market or any particular cannabis product or will be consistent with earlier
publicity. Adverse future scientific research reports, findings and regulatory proceedings that are, or litigation, media attention or
other publicity that is, perceived as less favorable than, or that questions, earlier research reports, findings or publicity (whether
or not accurate or with merit) could result in a significant reduction in the demand for the cannabis products of a portfolio company.
Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of cannabis, or our products specifically,
or associating the consumption of cannabis with illness or other negative effects or events, could adversely affect our business. This
adverse publicity could arise even if the adverse effects associated with cannabis products resulted from consumers failure to
use such products legally, appropriately or as directed. 

The
very dynamic nature of the laws and regulations affecting the cannabis market, the federal authorization of cannabis for research, or
the state-regulated cannabis industry could materially adversely affect our proposed operations, and we cannot predict the impact that
future laws or regulations may have on us. 

Local,
state and federal cannabis laws and regulations have been evolving rapidly and are subject to varied interpretations, which could require
us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan and could negatively impact our business plan or
business. We can know neither the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications nor the effect additional governmental
regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. For example, if cannabis
is no longer illegal under federal law, and depending on future laws or guidance on cannabis for research, we may experience a significant
increase in competition. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws
or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations could require changes to certain of our business practices,
negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Operating
in a highly regulated business requires significant resources. 

We
intend to operate in a highly regulated business. As a result, we expect a significant amount of our management s time and external
resources to be used to comply with the laws, regulations and guidelines that impact our business, and changes thereto, and such compliance
may place a significant burden on our management and other resources. 

Additionally,
we may be subject to a variety of laws, regulations and guidelines in each of the jurisdictions in which we distribute cannabis, which
may differ among these various jurisdictions. Complying with multiple regulatory regimes will require additional resources and may our
ability to expand into certain jurisdictions. For example, even if cannabis were to become legal under U.S. federal law, companies operating
in the cannabis industry would have to comply with all applicable state and local laws, which may vary greatly between jurisdictions,
increasing costs for companies that operate in multiple jurisdictions. 

25 

The
uncertainties around funding, construction, and growing an agricultural crop pose risks to our business. 

Our
planned operations are contingent on completion of raising significant additional funding for the construction of certain facilities
in Grants, New Mexico. We need significant additional capital to build out the properties, and the timing and terms of obtaining that
capital are uncertain. It is also possible that we may not be able to raise the capital required for our construction plans. 

Delays
in obtaining the capital, onerous terms for the capital, or a failure to raise the significant capital required could have a material,
negative impact on business or plans of operations. Furthermore, we will be an agricultural supplier and will be subject to agricultural
risks related to issues such as climate change, natural disasters or pests. In particular, there could be difficulties with the first
crop or harvest in any new facility. 

The
cannabis industry is subject to the risks inherent in an agricultural business, including environmental factors and the risk of crop
failure. 

The
growing of cannabis is an agricultural process. As such, a portfolio company with operations in the cannabis industry is subject to the
risks inherent in the agricultural business, including risks of crop failure presented by weather, climate change, water scarcity, fires,
insects, plant diseases and similar agricultural risks. Although some cannabis production is conducted indoors under climate-controlled
conditions, cannabis continues to be grown outdoors, and in our case, in greenhouses using natural light, which is susceptible to climate
changes, and there can be no assurance that artificial or natural elements, such as insects and plant diseases, will not entirely interrupt
production activities or have an adverse effect on the production of cannabis and, accordingly, the operations of a portfolio company,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be vulnerable to rising energy costs, and an increase or volatility in energy prices may adversely affect our business and results
of operations. 

Cannabis
growing operations consume considerable energy, which makes us vulnerable to rising energy costs and/or the availability of stable energy
sources. Accordingly, rising or volatile energy costs or the inability to access stable energy sources may have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
are subject to environmental regulations and laws, and failure to timely or completely comply with such regulations and laws, or failure
to obtain or maintain applicable licenses, may adversely affect our business. 

Cultivation
and production activities may be subject to licensing requirements relating to environment regulation. Environmental legislation and
regulations are evolving in such a manner that may result in stricter standards and enforcement, larger fines and liability and potentially
increased capital expenditures and operating costs. The application of environmental laws to our business may cause us to increase the
costs of our cultivation, production or scientific activities. Unanticipated licensing delays can result in significant delays and expenses
related to compliance with new environmental regulations, and cost overruns in our business and could affect our financial condition
and results of operations. There can be no assurance that these delays will not occur. 

The
growth of our business continues to be subject to new and changing federal, state, and local laws and regulations. 

Continued
development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon further legalization of cannabis at the state level, and a number of factors could
slow or halt progress in this area, even where there is public support for legislative action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation
of legislation legalizing cannabis use, or its cultivation, manufacturing, processing, transportation, distribution, storage and/or sale,
or the re-criminalization or restriction of cannabis at the state level, could negatively impact our business, even though we are primarily
regulated by the DEA. Additionally, changes in applicable federal, state, and local regulations, including zoning restrictions, environmental
requirements, FDA compliance, security requirements, or permitting requirements and fees, could restrict the products and services we
may offer or impose additional compliance costs on us. Violations of applicable laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt
our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations,
interpretations or applications, including local, state, federal, or environmental, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted
in the future that will be materially adverse to our business or which would have materially significant costs of compliance which could
negatively impact our business. 

26 

We
are subject to risks, including delays, from our ongoing and future construction projects, which may result from reliance on third parties,
delays relating to material delivery and supply chains, and fluctuating material prices, among other factors. 

We
are subject to several risks in connection with the construction of our projects, including the availability and performance of engineers
and contractors, suppliers and consultants, the availability of funding, and the receipt of required governmental approvals, licenses
and permits, and the projected timeline for construction, which could change due to delays. Any delay in the performance of any one or
more of the contractors, suppliers, consultants or other persons on which we are dependent in connection with our construction activities,
a delay in or failure to receive the required governmental approvals, licenses and permits in a timely manner or on reasonable terms,
or a delay in or failure in connection with the completion and successful operation of the operational elements in connection with construction
could delay or prevent the construction of the additional phases of the facilities as planned. There can be no assurance that current
or future construction plans implemented by us will be successfully completed on time, within budget and without design defect, that
the necessary personnel and equipment will be available in a timely manner or on reasonable terms to complete construction projects successfully,
that we will be able to obtain all necessary governmental approvals, licenses and permits, or that the completion of the construction,
the start-up costs and the ongoing operating costs will not be significantly higher than anticipated by us. Any of the foregoing factors
could adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 

The
costs to procure such materials and services to build new facilities may fluctuate widely based on the impact of numerous factors beyond
our control including, international, economic and political trends, foreign currency fluctuations, expectations of inflation, global
or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased or improved production and distribution methods. 

Since
early 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted global economic activity, and the governments of many countries, states, cities and other
geographic regions have previously taken or continue to take preventative or protective actions, which have caused disruptions in global
supply chains such as closures or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations of manufacturers, suppliers and vendors. Such
preventative or proactive actions may be reinstated or expanded upon in the future. The recovery from COVID-19 also may have risks in
that increased economic activity globally or regionally may result in high demand for, and constrained access to, materials and services
we require to construct and commission our facilities, which may lead to increased costs or delays that could materially and adversely
affect our business. 

Global
demand on shipping and transport services may cause us to experience delays in the future, which could impact our ability to obtain materials
or build our facilities in a timely manner. These factors could otherwise disrupt our operations and could negatively impact our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Logistical
problems, unexpected costs, and delays in facility construction, whether or not caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which we cannot control,
can cause prolonged disruption to or increased costs of third-party transportation services used to ship materials, which could negatively
affect our facility building schedule, and more generally our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If
we experience significant unexpected delays in construction, we may have to delay or limit our production depending on the timing and
extent of the delays, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

27 

Product
recalls could adversely affect our business. 

Our
products could become subject to recall or return for various reasons, including product defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful
side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of our
products are recalled due to an alleged product defect, regulatory requirements or for any other reason, we could be required to incur
the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We may lose a significant
amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. In addition, a product recall may require
significant management attention. Recall of products could lead to adverse publicity, decreased demand for our products and could have
significant reputational and brand damage. Although we have detailed procedures in place for testing finished products, there can be
no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory
action or lawsuits. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for our products and could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of
our operations by health authorities or regulatory agencies where the Company operates or products are sold, requiring further management
attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 

Our
planned future sale of cannabis and cannabis products could expose us to significant product liability risks. 

We
may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that our products caused injury or illness, include inadequate
instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. A product
liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with our clients
and consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There
can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage
against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The
inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims
could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our potential products. 

A
significant failure or deterioration in our quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating
results. 

The
quality and safety of our products are critical to the success of our business and operations. As such, it is imperative that our (and
our service providers quality control systems operate effectively and successfully. Quality control systems can be negatively
impacted by the design of the quality control systems, the quality training programs and adherence by employees to quality control guidelines.
Although we strive to ensure that all of our service providers have implemented and adhere to high-quality control systems, any significant
failure or deterioration of such quality control systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

28 

We
are subject to liability arising from any fraudulent or illegal activity by our employees, contractors and consultants. 

We
are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors and consultants may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity.
Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us
that violate (i) government regulations, (ii) manufacturing standards, (iii) federal, state and provincial healthcare fraud and abuse
laws and regulations, or (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not
always possible for us to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions taken by us to
detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental
investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any actions
are brought against us, including by former employees, independent contractors or consultants, and we are not successful in defending
ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil,
criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future
earnings, and the curtailment of our operations, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
from operations. 

We
will need to raise substantial additional funds in the future, which funds may not be available or, if available, may not be available
on acceptable terms. 

Designing
and constructing cultivation, processing and distribution facilities and cultivating and producing cannabis is expensive. Changing circumstances
may cause us to consume capital more rapidly than we currently anticipate. For example, we may incur costs for the design and construction
of cultivation, processing and dispensary facilities that greatly exceed our current budget for such projects. Alternatively, we may
identify opportunities to acquire additional cannabis licenses that we believe would be beneficial to us. The acquisition of such licenses,
and the cost of acquiring the related cultivation, processing or distribution facilities or, if not in existence or completed, the design
and construction of such facilities may require substantial capital. In such events, we may need to raise additional capital to fund
the completion of any such projects. 

Furthermore,
the cannabis industry is in its early stages and it is likely that we and our competitors will seek to introduce new products in the
future which may include new genetic formulations. In attempting to keep pace with any new market developments, we will need to expend
significant amounts of capital to successfully develop and generate revenues from new products, including new genetic formulations. We
may also be required to obtain additional regulatory approvals from applicable authorities based on the jurisdictions in which we plan
to distribute our products, which may take significant time. We may not be successful in developing effective and safe new products,
bringing such products to market in time to be effectively commercialized or obtaining any required regulatory approvals, which together
with capital expenditures made in the course of such product development and regulatory approval processes, may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may need to raise additional funds in the future to support our operations. If we are required to secure additional financing, such additional
fundraising efforts may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, and we may be required to: 

significantly
 delay, scale back or discontinue the design and construction of any cultivation, processing and dispensary facilities for which we
 are awarded licenses or 

relinquish
 any cultivation, processing and dispensary licenses that we are awarded, or sell any cultivation, processing or distribution facilities
 that we are designing and constructing. 

If
we are required to conduct additional fundraising activities and we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on
terms acceptable to us, we may be prevented from executing upon our business plan. This would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

There
is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to raise funds through our EB-5 Program, if and when such program receives requisite
regulatory approvals. 

On
February 1, 2023, we initiated our EB-5 Program, whereby we may issue up to an aggregate of 12,609,152 shares of common stock to
accredited or institutional investors, at a price of 39.99 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have issued an
aggregate of 44,010 shares and may issue up to a further 12,565,142 shares of common stock under our EB-5 Program. There is no
guarantee that we will raise sufficient funds under the EB-5 Program to avoid the need for parallel fundraising activities. If we
are required to conduct additional fundraising activities and we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on
terms acceptable to us, we may be prevented from executing upon our business plan. This would have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. See Item 1.A. Risk Factors We will need to raise substantial
additional funds in the future, which funds may not be available or, if available, may not be available on acceptable terms ,
 Item 1.A. Risk Factors Although we have received executed subscription agreements from investors to purchase shares
of common stock under our EB-5 Program, such investors may never receive the requisite approvals to participate in our EB-5
Program , and Item 1. Business Bright Green EB-5 Program for more information. 

29 

Although we have received executed subscription
agreements from investors to purchase shares of common stock under our EB-5 Program, such investors may never receive the requisite approvals
to participate in our EB-5 Program. 

Although we
have received executed subscription agreements from 37 investors to purchase 814,185 shares of common stock for 32.6 million,
such investors may never receive the requisite approvals to participate in our EB-5 Program. Failure
by these investors to receive the requisite approvals to participate in our EB-5 Program may negatively affect us. The potential financial
returns to us under the aforesaid executed subscription agreements depends in large part on the investors receiving the requisite approvals
to participate in such program, and if these investors fail to receive the requisite approvals, the funding of our EB-5 Program could
be delayed, hindered or may not occur and our business and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

We
are dependent on our banking relations, and while we currently have a stable banking relationship and operate in compliance with all
applicable laws, we could have difficulty accessing or consistently maintaining banking or other financial services due to banks 
risk aversion toward serving even legal parts of the cannabis industry. 

We
are dependent on the banking industry to support the financial functions of our company. Our business operating functions including payroll
for our employees and other expenses and transactions which are reliant on traditional banking. Additionally, we anticipate that our
clients will pay us via wire transfer to our bank accounts, or via checks that we deposit into our banks. We require access to banking
services for both us and our clients to receive payments in a timely manner. Lastly, to the extent we rely on any lines of credit, these
could be affected by our relationships with financial institutions and could be jeopardized if we lose access to a bank account. 

Important
components of our offerings depend on client accounts and relationships, which in turn depend on banking functions. Most federal and
federally-insured state banks currently do not serve businesses that grow and sell cannabis products under state laws on the stated ground
that growing and selling cannabis is illegal under federal law, even though the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement
Network FinCEN ), issued guidelines to banks in February 2014 that clarified how financial institutions can provide services
to cannabis-related businesses, consistent with financial institutions obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. The continued uncertainty
surrounding financial transactions related to federally-illegal cannabis activities and the subsequent risks this uncertainty presents
to financial institutions may result in their discontinuing services to the cannabis industry or limit their ability to provide services
to the cannabis industry or even federally-legal cannabis businesses like ours, because of the misperception that we are a cannabis business
like federally illegal ones are. While we are not transacting in any way with non-federally legal cannabis, it is possible that banks
could view us as a risk because of our association with cannabis or a misunderstanding of our legal status. 

While
our business is federally legal and complies with the CSA, it is possible we could still face banking difficulties. Banks have and may
continue to consider us to be part of the cannabis industry that is subject to banking restrictions. If we were to lose any of our banking
relationships or fail to secure additional banking relationships in the future, we could experience difficulty and incur increased costs
in the administration of our business, paying our employees, accepting payments from clients, each of which may adversely affect our
reputation or results of operations. Additionally, the closure of many or one of our bank accounts due to a bank s reluctance to
provide services to a cannabis business, even though we are operating legally under U.S. law, would require significant management attention
from us and could materially adversely affect our business and operations. 

While
we have entered into a non-binding letter of intent with Alterola and have entered into exclusive negotiations for a merger
therewith, we cannot assure you that the transactions contemplated by our non-binding letter of intent will be consummated or, that if
such transactions are consummated, they will be accretive to stockholder value. 

On
August 25, 2022, we entered into the Alterola Agreement with Alterola pursuant to which we agreed to explore a merger transaction with
Alterola. Pursuant to the Alterola Agreement, the Company agreed to acquire the Initial Shares, subject to customary due diligence and
applicable regulatory approvals. Additionally, pursuant to the Alterola Agreement, we received the Alterola Option to acquire all remaining
issued and outstanding shares of Alterola Stock, subject to customary due diligence, and regulatory, stockholder and other necessary
approvals. The Alterola Agreement provides that the parties shall use their good faith efforts to enter into a definitive agreement setting
forth the binding terms of the Alterola Transaction, whereby we shall acquire all remaining Alterola Stock in exchange for an additional
 6 million together with an aggregate of 40 million of shares of our common stock. 

30 

In
accordance with the Alterola Agreement, on October 3, 2022, we entered into the Secondary SPA with the Sellers and Alterola providing
for the purchase by Bright Green of the Initial Shares from the Sellers. 

The
Sellers in aggregate sold 201,761,982 shares of Alterola Stock to Bright Green for a purchase price of 3,999,999 pursuant to the payment
schedule set forth in the Secondary SPA. Following the receipt of each installment payment, the Sellers agreed to loan to Alterola the
proceeds such Seller received from the foregoing sale of its Alterola Stock pursuant to a loan agreement. 

The
Sellers held 67 of the total outstanding shares of Alterola Stock prior to the closing of the Secondary SPA. As a result of this transaction,
Bright Green obtained ownership or voting power of approximately 25 of the total outstanding shares of Alterola Stock. 

Concurrently
with the signing of the Secondary SPA, the Company and the Sellers entered into the Voting Agreement whereby the Sellers agree to vote
in favor of the adoption of an agreement to effect the Company s acquisition of Alterola or Alterola s merger into the Company
or a subsidiary of the Company, as the case may be, pursuant to additional terms set forth in the Voting Agreement. Pursuant to the Voting
Agreement, the Sellers executed the Irrevocable Proxy whereby the Sellers granted the Company an irrevocable proxy to vote the Sellers 
Subject Shares (as defined therein) in a manner consistent with the Voting Agreement and pursuant to additional terms set forth in the
Irrevocable Proxy. 

The
Alterola Agreement provides that the parties shall use their good faith efforts to enter into a definitive agreement setting forth the
binding terms of the Alterola Transaction, whereby we shall acquire all remaining Alterola Stock in exchange for an additional 6 million
together with an aggregate of 40 million of shares of our common stock. However, the Alterola Agreement did not include material terms
related to any proposed acquisitive transaction with Alterola and there is no guarantee that we will agree to terms or definitive documentation
with Alterola in order to effect the proposed merger transaction. Further, even if we are able to agree to terms with Alterola for a
merger transaction, there is no guarantee that the terms will be favorable to and approved by our stockholders, that the transaction
will be completed in the time frame or in the manner currently anticipated, or that we will recognize the anticipated benefits of the
transaction. 

On April 4, 2023, we announced our intention to exercise
the Alterola Option. 

We
may engage in future acquisitions or strategic transactions, including the transaction with Alterola, which may require us to seek additional
financing or financial commitments, increase our expenses and/or present significant distractions to our management. 

As
described herein, we have recently entered into a non-binding letter of intent to merge the Company with Alterola which enables us to
conduct due diligence and negotiate the terms of a definitive merger agreement. In the event we engage in an acquisition or strategic
transaction, we may need to acquire additional financing (particularly, if the acquired entity is not cash flow positive or does not
have significant cash on hand). Obtaining financing through the issuance or sale of additional equity and/or debt securities, if possible,
may not be at favorable terms and may result in additional dilution to our current stockholders. Additionally, any such transaction may
require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration
challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, an
acquisition or strategic transaction may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including the risks outlined above and additionally: 

exposure
 to unknown liabilities; 

disruption
 of our business and diversion of our management s time and attention in order to develop acquired products or technologies; 

higher
 than expected acquisition and integration costs; 

write-downs
 of assets or goodwill or impairment charges; 

31 

increased
 amortization expenses; 

difficulty
 and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 

impairment
 of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 

inability
 to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. 

Accordingly,
although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, and
any transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

Risks
Related to our Business and Operations - Intellectual Property 

We
may be forced to litigate to defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties against us relating
to intellectual property rights. 

We
may be forced to litigate to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity
and scope of other parties proprietary rights. Any such litigation could be very costly and could distract our management from
focusing on operating our business. The existence and/or outcome of any such litigation could harm our business. 

We
are subject to risks related to information technology systems, including cyber-security risks; successful cyber-attacks or technological
malfunctions can result in, among other things, financial losses, the inability to process transactions, the unauthorized release of
confidential information and reputational risk, all of which would negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Our
use of technology is critical to our continued operations. We are susceptible to operational, financial and information security risks
resulting from cyber-attacks or technological malfunctions. Successful cyber-attacks or technological malfunctions affecting us or our
service providers can result in, among other things, financial losses, the inability to process transactions, the unauthorized release
of confidential or proprietary information and reputational risk. As cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to
use additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate security vulnerabilities, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
are reliant on our intellectual property; failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to use and develop new extraction technologies, know-how and new strains of cannabis. We may
be vulnerable to competitors who develop competing technology, whether independently or as a result of acquiring access to the proprietary
products and trade secrets of acquired businesses. In addition, effective future patent, copyright and trade secret protection may be
unavailable or limited in the U.S. due to federal illegality or in foreign countries and may be unenforceable under the laws of some
jurisdictions. Failure to adequately maintain and enhance protection over our proprietary techniques and processes, as well as over our
unregistered intellectual property, including policies, procedures and training manuals, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 

32 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock has a limited trading history and an active trading market may not develop or continue to be liquid, and the market price
of our shares of common stock may be volatile. 

Our
common stock is listed and traded on Nasdaq. Prior to the listing on Nasdaq,
there had not been a public market for our common stock, and an active market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained, which
could depress the market price of our securities and could affect the ability of our stockholders to sell our common stock at favorable
prices. In the absence of an active public trading market, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments in our shares of common
stock. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common stock or equity-linked securities, our ability
to motivate our employees through equity incentive awards and our ability to acquire other companies, products or technologies by using
our common stock or equity-linked securities consideration. Further, the market price of our common stock has been and may continue to
be, volatile. Between May 17, 2022, the date our common stock began trading on Nasdaq, and April 14, 2023, the market price of our common
stock ranged from a high of 58.00 on May 18, 2022 to a low of 0.35 on December 28, 2022. 

The
market price of our common stock has been extremely volatile and may continue to be volatile due to numerous circumstances beyond our
control. 

The
market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, widely, due to many factors, some of which may be beyond
our control. These factors include, without limitation: 

short
 squeezes 

comments
 by securities analysts or other third parties, including blogs, articles, message boards and social and other media; 

an
 increase or decrease in the short interest in our common stock ; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; 

risks
 and uncertainties associated with events and macroeconomics events such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in U.S. interest
 rates and rapid inflation; and 

overall
 general market fluctuations. 

Publicly
traded companies stock prices in general, and our stock price in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of those companies and our company. For example, on May 18, 2022 and December 28, 2022, the closing price of our common stock
was 48.08 and 0.35, respectively, and the daily trading volume on these days was approximately 3,221,100 and 273,900 shares, respectively.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In particular, a proportion of our common
stock has been, and may continue to be, traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock,
further influencing volatility in the market price. Additionally, these and other external factors have caused, and may continue to cause,
the market price and demand of our common stock to fluctuate, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of
common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. 

A
 short squeeze due to a sudden increase in demand for shares of our common stock could lead to extreme price volatility
in shares of our common stock. 

Investors
may purchase shares of our common stock to hedge existing exposure or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation of
the price of our common stock may lead to long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares
of our common stock available for purchase on the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase
shares of our common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price
of our common stock until additional shares of our common stock are available for trading or borrowing. This is often referred to as
a short squeeze. A proportion of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, traded by short sellers which may increase
the likelihood that our common stock will be the target of a short squeeze. A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in
shares of our common stock that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance and, once investors purchase the shares
of our common stock necessary to cover their short positions, the price of our common stock may rapidly decline. Investors that purchase
shares of our common stock during a short squeeze may lose a significant portion of their investment. 

33 

You
may be diluted by issuances of preferred stock or additional common stock in connection with our incentive plans, acquisitions or otherwise;
future sales of such shares in the public market, or the expectations that such sales may occur, could lower our stock price. 

Our
certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated, authorizes us to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Additionally, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which authorizes us to issue shares of
common stock and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights relating to our common stock for the consideration and on the terms
and conditions established by our Board of Directors (the Board ), in its sole discretion. We could issue a significant
number of shares of common stock in the future in connection with investments or acquisitions. Any of these issuances could dilute our
existing stockholders, and such dilution could be significant. Moreover, such dilution could have a material adverse effect on the market
price for the shares of our common stock. 

The
future issuance of shares of preferred stock with voting rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of shares of our
common stock, either by diluting the voting power of our common stock if the preferred stock votes together with the common stock as
a single class, or by giving the holders of any such preferred stock the right to block an action on which they have a separate class
vote, even if the action were approved by the holders of our shares of our common stock. 

The
future issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable
to the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common
stock less attractive. For example, investors in the common stock may not wish to purchase common stock at a price above the conversion
price of a series of convertible preferred stock because the holders of the preferred stock would effectively be entitled to purchase
common stock at the lower conversion price, causing economic dilution to the holders of common stock. 

On
December 12, 2022, our stockholders approved the Bright Green Corporation 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ).
An aggregate of 13,547,384 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the Plan, and awards under the Plan may come in the
form of options (including non-qualified options and incentive stock options), SARs, restricted shares, performance shares, deferred
stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, bonus shares or other stock-based awards. 

The
future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Certain
of our stockholders have registration rights for restricted securities. In addition, certain registration rights holders can request
underwritten offerings to sell their securities. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares
intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future, to fund the development and growth of our business.
We do not intend to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends
in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board taking into account various factors, including our business, operating results
and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion, any legal or contractual limitations on our ability
to pay dividends under our loan agreements or otherwise. As a result, if our Board does not declare and pay dividends, the capital appreciation
in the price of our common stock, if any, will be your only source of gain on an investment in our common stock, and you may have to
sell some or all of your common stock to generate cash flow from your investment. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding
our common stock, its trading price and volume could decline. 

We
expect the trading market for our common stock to be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish
about us, our business or our industry. As a new public company, we do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities
and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock may be
negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our
company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our
stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us
downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, or if our results of operations do not meet
their expectations, our stock price could decline. 

34 

We
are an emerging growth company , and our election to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements as a
public company may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

For
so long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not
being required to comply with the independent auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, being required to provide fewer years of audited financial statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a
non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We may lose our emerging growth company status and become subject to the SEC s internal control over financial reporting management
and auditor attestation requirements. If we are unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, or if our internal controls
have a material weakness, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of confidence by stockholders, which could harm our business
and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we have more than 1.235 billion in annual revenue; (ii) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million
of equity securities held by non-affiliates; (iii) the date on which we have, in any three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt securities; and (iv) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of becoming a public company.
As an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these reduced reporting burdens. Accordingly, the
information we provide to our stockholders may be different than the information you receive from other public companies in which you
hold stock. In addition, the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period under the JOBS Act. As a result, our operating results and financial
statements may not be comparable to the operating results and financial statements of other companies who have adopted the new or revised
accounting standards. It is possible that some investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result, which may result in
a less active trading market for our common stock and higher volatility in our stock price. 

We
are a smaller reporting company , and our election to comply with the reduced disclosure requirements as a
public company may make our common stock less attractive to investors . 

For
so long as we remain a smaller reporting company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure and other
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies, such as providing only two years
of audited financing statements. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value of our stock held by
non-affiliates is less than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenue is
less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less
than 700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

If
we are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from
certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. It is possible that some investors will find our common
stock less attractive as a result, which may result in a less active trading market for our common stock and higher volatility in our
stock price. 

35 

Provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a take-over that may not be in the best interests
of our stockholders. 

Provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and
by whom special meetings of our stockholders may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of preferred stock which will have
such rights and preferences determined from time to time by our Board. Our Board may, without stockholder approval, issue additional
preferred shares with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other
rights of the holders of our common stock. 

The
choice of forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws, could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial
forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or colleagues. 

Our
amended and restated bylaws, provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive
forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any
provision of the DGCL, or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a state or federal court located
within the state of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants. The choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds
favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other colleagues, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers and other colleagues. Alternatively, if a court were to find such choice of forum provisions to be inapplicable or
unenforceable in an action, including but not limited to claims brought in connection with the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), or Exchange Act, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Investors are unable to waive compliance with U.S. federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The
forum selection provision is intended to apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.
As such, stockholders of the Company seeking to bring a claim regarding the internal affairs of the Company may be subject to increased
costs associated with litigating in Delaware as opposed to their home state or other forum, precluded from bringing such a claim in a
forum they otherwise consider to be more favorable, and discouraged from bringing such claims as a result of the foregoing or other factors
related to forum selection. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated
bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

36 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract
and retain executive management and qualified board members. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other
applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations involves significant legal and financial compliance
costs, may make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and may increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly
after we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. The Exchange Act requires, among other things,
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order
to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this
standard, significant resources and management oversight may be required. As a result, management s attention may be diverted from
other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future
or engage outside consultants, which will increase our costs and expenses. 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as regulatory and governing bodies provide new guidance. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to
invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our
efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due
to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business
may be adversely affected. 

However,
for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to
be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the listing of our common stock on Nasdaq; (ii) the first fiscal
year after our annual gross revenues are 1.235 billion or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period,
issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value
of the common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. 

As
a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report and in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition
are highly visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims
are successful, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or
are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management
and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We
are subject to additional regulatory burdens as a public company. 

We
are required to operate, maintain and oversee financial management control systems to manage our obligations as a public company listed
on Nasdaq and registered with the SEC. These areas include corporate governance, corporate controls, disclosure controls and procedures
and financial reporting and accounting systems. We expended significant resources to improve these systems in preparation for becoming
a public company, and continue to review and improve these systems, but we cannot assure holders of our common stock that these and other
measures we might take will be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company. In addition, compliance with reporting
and other requirements applicable to public companies listed on Nasdaq create additional costs for us and require management s
time and attention. We cannot predict the amount of the additional costs that we might incur, the timing of such costs or the impact
that management s attention to these matters will have on our business. 

37 

Our
failure to meet the continuing listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our securities. 

On
November 14, 2022, we received a written notification (the Notice Letter from Nasdaq indicating that we were not in compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), as the closing bid price for our common stock was below the 1.00 per share requirement for the
last 30 consecutive business days. The Notice Letter stated that we have 180 calendar days, or until May 15, 2023 (the Initial
Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. If we do not regain compliance by the end of
the Initial Compliance Period, we may apply for an additional compliance period as provided for in the Notice Letter. 

If
we fail to satisfy the continuing listing requirements of such as minimum closing bid price requirements, as discussed above, the corporate
governance, or stockholders equity or minimum closing bid price requirements, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock.
Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair our stockholders ability
to sell or purchase our common stock. In the event of a delisting, we would likely take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s
listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed
again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our securities, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq
minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

We
may be exposed to currency fluctuations. 

Although
our revenues and expenses are expected to be predominantly denominated in U.S. dollars, we may be exposed to currency exchange fluctuations.
Recent events in the global financial markets have been coupled with increased volatility in the currency markets. Fluctuations in the
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the currency of other regions in which we may operate or have customers may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We may, in the future, establish a program to hedge a portion
of our foreign currency exposure with the objective of minimizing the impact of adverse foreign currency exchange movements. However,
even if we develop a hedging program, there can be no assurance that it will effectively mitigate currency risks. 

Shares
eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of shares or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our
shares. We may issue additional shares in subsequent public offerings or private placements to make new investments or for other purposes.
Therefore, it may not be possible for existing shareholders to participate in such future share issuances, which may dilute the existing
shareholders interests in us. 

If
we cannot continue to satisfy the rules of Nasdaq, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively impact the price of our securities
and your ability to sell them. 

Even
though our common stock is listed on Nasdaq, we cannot assure you that our common stock will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. 

We
are required to comply with certain rules of Nasdaq, including those regarding minimum shareholders equity, minimum share price,
minimum market value of publicly held shares, and various additional requirements. We may not be able to continue to satisfy these requirements
and applicable rules. If we are unable to satisfy Nasdaq criteria for maintaining our listing, our securities could be subject to delisting. 

38 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading, we could face significant consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability for market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere
 to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common
 stock ; 

limited
 amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Investment
in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You may lose your entire investment. 

There
is no guarantee that the common stock will earn any positive return in the short term or long term. A holding of our common stock is
speculative and involves a high degree of risk and should be undertaken only by holders whose financial resources are sufficient to enable
them to assume such risks and who have no need for immediate liquidity in their investment. A holding of our common stock is appropriate
only for holders who have the capacity to absorb a loss of some or all of their holdings. 

Your
ownership interest will be diluted and our stock price could decline when we issue additional shares of common stock. 

We
expect to issue from time to time in the future additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable
for, shares of common stock in connection with possible financings, acquisitions, equity incentives for employees or otherwise. Any such
issuance could result in substantial dilution to existing shareholders and cause the trading price of the common stock to decline. 

Under
our EB-5 Program, we may issue up to an aggregate of 12,609,152 shares
of common stock. As of April 14, 2023, we have issued an aggregate of 44,010 shares of common stock pursuant to our EB-5 Program and
may issue up to an additional 12,565,142 shares. For more information, see Item 1.A. Risk Factors Although we have received executed subscription
agreements from investors to purchase shares of common stock under our EB-5 Program, such investors may never receive the requisite approvals
to participate in our EB-5 Program , 

We
have issued warrants and may continue to issue additional securities in the future. The exercise of these warrants and the sale of the
common stock issuable thereunder may dilute your percentage ownership interest and may also result in downward pressure on the price
of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have issued and have outstanding warrants to purchase 9,523,810 shares of common stock at an exercise price
of 1.05 per share, subject to adjustment as described therein. Because the market for our common stock may be thinly traded, the sales
and/or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the mere
existence of a significant number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of our outstanding securities may be perceived by
the market as having a potential dilutive effect, which could lead to a decrease in the price of our common stock. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
Applicable. 

39 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
following table set forth the Company s owned and leased physical properties as of December 31, 2022, which include corporate offices,
cultivation and production facilities (operating and under construction). In addition to the currently owned and leased property, the
Company holds two options, each for the purchase of 300 acres of land in Grants, New Mexico. 

Property
 Type 
 
 Owned/Leased 
 
 County 
 
 State 
 
 Agricultural
 Property 40 acres 
 
 Owned 
 
 Cibola 
 
 New
 Mexico 
 
 Agricultural
 Property 70 acres 
 
 Owned 
 
 Cibola 
 
 New
 Mexico 
 
 Office 
 
 Leased 
 
 Broward 
 
 Florida 

As of December 31, 2022, we notified the land owners of our intention to exercise the two options and are in process of negotiating final
terms of acquisition. 

Corporate
Headquarters 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1033 George Hanosh Boulevard Grants, NM 87020, and our telephone number is (833) 658-1799.
The Company believes that its existing facilities and other available properties will be sufficient for its needs for the foreseeable
future. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. Defending such proceedings
is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be
predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement
costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. Other than as set forth below, we are not presently a party to any litigation
the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would in our estimation, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, cash flows or financial condition. 

Bright
 Green Corporation v. John Fikany, D-1333-CV-202000231, State of New Mexico, County of Cibola, Thirteenth Judicial District. On
 October 23, 2020, the Company filed a complaint for declaratory judgment against a consultant of the
 Bright Green Group of Companies, an entity unrelated to the Company, to determine if defendant is entitled to 5,000,000 shares of
 the Company s common stock, based on a failure to fulfil agreed upon conditions precedent to earning such shares from the
 Company. Defendant counterclaimed and filed a third-party claim against Lynn Stockwell, founder and a director of the Company, and
 Ms. Stockwell s husband, for claims including wrongful termination and breach of contract. The Company denies defendants allegations
 and have set forth arguments refuting defendant s counterclaims and third-party claims. The case is in the discovery phase.
 The Company is exploring potential dispositive motions against the counter and third-party claims. 

Bright
 Green Corporation v. Jerry Capussi, D-1333-CV-202000252, State of New Mexico, County of Cibola, Thirteenth Judicial District. On
 November 16, 2020, the Company and defendant, a former consultant of Sunnyland Farms Inc, an entity unrelated to the Company, each filed claims for declaratory
 judgment seeking to determine by court order whether defendant is entitled to (i) shares of common stock in the Company (amounting
 to no more than 108,000 shares) or (ii) fair market value of defendant s equity ownership of BGGI. The lawsuit is in early
 discovery stages, and we are preparing arguments for a summary judgment motion. There are no claims for specific monetary liability
 against either party. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

40 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol BGXX . On April 14, 2023, the closing price of our common stock was
 1.55 per share. 

Holders
of Our common stock 

As
of April 14, 2023, we had 95 holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares are held in street name and
accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. This number of holders
of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 

Dividend
Policy 

Since
our inception, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock, and we currently expect that, for the foreseeable future, all earnings,
if any, will be retained for use in the development and operation of our business. In the future, our Board may decide, at its discretion,
whether dividends may be declared and paid to holders of our common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part
III of this Annual Report. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

All
sales of unregistered securities by us during the year ended December 31, 2022 have been included previously in a Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Some of the information contained
in this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. As a result of
many factors, including those factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors, our actual results could differ materially
from those discussed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors. Please also refer to the section titled Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements. 

41 

Overview 

We are a first-mover in the U.S. federally-authorized
cannabis space. We are one of a few companies who have received conditional approval based on already agreed terms from the DEA to produce
federally legal cannabis and have entered into the MOA with the DEA which permits us to proceed towards a Federal Registration for the
Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis under DEA Document Control Number W20078135E. 

Unlike state-licensed cannabis companies who engage
in commercial sales to consumers, and whose businesses are legal under state law but not federal law, subject to the milestones and requirements
set forth herein, we are conditionally authorized by the federal government to sell cannabis commercially for research and manufacturing
purposes, export cannabis for international cannabis research purposes, and sell cannabis to DEA-registered pharmaceutical companies for
the production of medical cannabis products and preparations. We plan to focus on the development of cannabis strains and sales of products
with high contents of CBN (cannabinol) and CBG (cannabigerol). 

In addition to research and pharmaceutical supply
sales, Bright Green will be able, and has received the DEA s express permission, to sell certain cannabinoids, such as CBN (cannabinol)
and CBG (cannabigerol) as hemp isolates or extracts, and plans to sell CBN and CBG hemp products to consumers where such products are
fully legal under all applicable laws. On August 9, 2022, the DEA confirmed to BGC that cannabinoids, including, but not limited to CBN/CBG,
which meet the definition of hemp by having a Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on
a dry weight basis, are outside of the DEA s jurisdiction because they are not controlled under the CSA. Hemp and hemp products
were made legal by the 2018 Farm Bill, which has been codified in 21 U.S.C. 802(16)(B)(i), and 7 U.S.C. 1639 o . This
hemp product business line will be in addition to our research and pharmaceutical cannabis sales conducted under a Federal Registration
for the Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis, if and when we receive such registration 

Because cannabis is still a Schedule I Controlled
Substance in the U.S., it has been historically under-researched. Though the majority of Americans now live in states where cannabis is
legal, the full potential of the cannabis plant for medicinal use remains understudied due to limited access to federally-approved cannabis.
The DEA recently issued a call for more cannabis research supply based on the increased demand for cannabis research in the U.S. As described
herein, we received conditional approval from the DEA, based on already agreed upon terms set forth in the MOA. Final approval from the
DEA is contingent on, among other things, completed construction of manufacturing and production facilities and systems. Completion of
construction is subject to the risk factors described herein and also requires successful fundraising. 

Final registration under the MOA is anticipated in
the second quarter of 2023, and is contingent upon completion of construction and a successful inspection by the DEA of BGC s facilities.
Additionally, BGC must comply with the terms agreed upon pursuant to the MOA which include: submitting an Individual Procurement
Quota on or before April 1 of each year utilizing DEA Form 250; submitting an Individual Manufacturing Quota on or before May 1 of each
year utilizing DEA Form 189; collecting samples of cannabis and distributing them to DEA-registered analytical laboratories for chemical
analysis during the pendency of cultivation and prior to the DEA s taking possession of the cannabis grown; providing the DEA with
15-day advance written notification, via email, of its intent to harvest cannabis; following the DEA s packaging, labeling, storage
and transportation requirements; distributing DEA s stocks of cannabis to buyers who entered into bona fide supply agreements with
the Company; providing the DEA with 15-day advance written notification of its intent to distribute cannabis; and invoicing the DEA for
harvested cannabis that it intends to sell to the DEA. 

Following final approval from the DEA, we will be
permitted to cultivate and manufacture cannabis, supply cannabis researchers in the U.S. and globally, and produce cannabis for use in
pharmaceutical production of prescription medicines within the U.S. There is no guarantee that we will receive final approval from the
DEA. Upon receipt of the Federal Registration for the Bulk Manufacturing of cannabis, our activities will be legal under federal law,
which sets BGC apart from most other U.S. cannabis companies, if and when we receive such approval. 

We have assembled an experienced team of medical
professionals and researchers, international horticultural growers and experts, and construction and cannabis production professionals,
which we believe position us as a future industry leader in the production of cannabis. 

42 

Recent
Developments 

Key
Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Future Performance 

We
believe that our financial performance has been, and in the foreseeable future will continue to be, primarily driven by multiple factors
as described below, each of which presents growth opportunities for our business. These factors also pose important challenges that we
must successfully address in order to sustain our growth and improve our results of operations. Our ability to successfully address these
challenges is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenue: 

We
are a start-up company and have not generated any revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We can provide no
assurance that we will generate sufficient revenues from our intended business operations to sustain a viable business operation. In order to generate revenues, we must first receive receipt of final registration from the DEA as described herein
and begin operations. 

Operating
Expenses: 

We
incurred operating expenses in the amount of 27,313,922 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared with 2,490,499 for
the same period ended 2021. Our operating expenses for all periods consisted entirely of general and administrative expenses and depreciation.
The detail by major category within general and administrative expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is reflected
in the table below. 

For the year ended 

2022 
 2021 

Stock-based compensation 
 18,833,781 
 360,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 6,260,289 
 888,926 
 
 Officer salaries 
 696,614 
 - 
 
 Travel 
 232,794 
 68,374 
 
 Other expenses 
 203,554 
 254,301 
 
 Insurance 
 145,993 
 44,914 
 
 Licenses 
 87,304 
 15,935 
 
 Property taxes 
 58,054 
 68,766 
 
 Office salaries 
 52,358 
 - 
 
 Land option 
 38,500 
 37,500 
 
 Total general and administrative expenses 
 26,609,241 
 1,738,716 
 
 Depreciation 
 704,681 
 751,783 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 27,313,922 
 2,490,499 

43 

The
increase of 24,870,525 in our general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021
was primarily a result of increased spending on share based compensation to service providers and executives and professional fees associated
with the Direct Listing. 

We
expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in future quarters as we continue with our reporting obligations with the
SEC and the increased expenses associated with increased operational activity, which is expected for the balance of the year. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 414,574 compared to 1,282,565 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease of 867,991 in cash
was mainly by the use of funds for the construction in progress, deposits for equipment, and the costs associated with the Company s SEC filings. This decrease was partly offset by cash received from the sales of common stock of 12,186,733. Since
its inception, the Company has incurred net losses and funded its operations primarily through the issuance of equities, an advance from
a director, and since December 2022, a 3,579,990 draw on a line of credit provided by a director of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had a total stockholders equity of 11,578,836 and 8,220,399, respectively. 

The
Company is in its initial stages to start building facilities to grow, research and distribute medical plants. The Company has incurred
recurring losses from operations, and as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, had an accumulated deficit of 34,075,821 and 6,413,744, respectively,
and a negative working capital of 7,030,929 and positive working capital of 1,282,829, respectively. The Company does not have sufficient
working capital to pay its operating expenses for a period of at least 12 months from the date the financial statements were authorized
to be issued. The Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to
obtain additional debt or equity financing. The Company has developed plans to raise funds and continues to pursue sources of funding
that management believes, if successful, would be sufficient to support the Company s operating plan. During the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised 12,186,733 through common stock issuances. The Company has also secured a 15,000,000 line
of credit from a related party entity and has drawn 5,191,057 and paid down 1,611,067, leaving available 11.3 million to draw from
that credit facility. The Company s operating plan is predicated on a variety of assumptions including, but not limited to, the
level of product demand, cost estimates, its ability to continue to raise additional financing and the state of the general economic
environment in which the Company operates. There can be no assurance that these assumptions will prove accurate in all material respects,
or that the Company will be able to successfully execute its operating plan. In the event that the Company is not able to raise capital
from investors or credit facilities in a timely manner, the Company will explore available options, including but not limited to, an
equity backed loan against the property. In the absence of additional appropriate financing, the Company may have to modify its plan
or slow down the pace of development and commercialization. 

Sources
of Liquidity 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised 12,186,733 through common stock issuances. The Company has also secured
a 15,000,000 line of credit from a related party entity and has drawn 5,191,057 and paid down 1,611,067, leaving available 11.3 million
to draw from that credit facility. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
Activities 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,265,770 
 (1,656,575 

Investing
Activities 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (14,368,944 
 (302,717 

Financing
Activities 

For the years ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 15,766,723 
 3,139,594 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

The
Company does not have any short or long-term contractual purchases with suppliers for future purchases, capital expenditure commitments
that cannot be cancelled with minimal fees, non-cancelable operating leases, or any commitment or contingency that would hinder management s
ability to scale down operations and management expenses until funding is raised. 

44 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based
on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a detailed discussion about the
Company s significant accounting policies, refer to Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Company s
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During the year ended December 31, 2022, no material changes were made
to the Company s significant accounting policies. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

A
description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially
impact our financial position and results of operations is disclosed in Note 3 to the Company s financial statements, Standards,
Amendments, and Interpretations Adopted. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, as a pandemic, which continues to
spread throughout the U.S. and worldwide. As with many companies around the world, our day-to-day operations were disrupted with the
imposition of work from home policies and requirements for physical distancing for any personnel present in our offices and laboratories.
The pandemic has also disrupted our activities as shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, supply chain disruptions, travel restrictions
and other public health safety measures have impacted our ability to interact with our existing and potential partners for our activities.
However, the COVID-19 pandemic did not materially impact our business, operating results, or financial condition. There is significant
uncertainty as to the trajectory of the pandemic and its impacts on our business in the future. We could be materially and adversely
affected by the risks, or the public perception of the risks, related to the COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health crises. Such
crises could adversely impact our ability to conduct on-site laboratory activities, expand our laboratory facilities, secure critical
supplies such as reagents, laboratory tools or immunized animals required for discovery research activities, and hire and retain key
personnel. The ultimate extent of the impact of any epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis on our business, financial
condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information that may emerge concerning the severity of such epidemic, pandemic, outbreak, or other public health crisis and actions
taken to contain or prevent the further spread, among others. Accordingly, we cannot predict the extent to which our business, financial
condition and results of operations will be affected. We remain focused on maintaining our operations, liquidity and financial flexibility
and continue to monitor developments as we deal with the disruptions and uncertainties from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

45 

JOBS
Act Accounting Election 

We
qualify as an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced
reporting requirements that are not otherwise applicable to public companies. These provisions include, but are not limited to: 

being
 permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report; 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; 

not
 being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
 to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and
 analysis); 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements; and 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
 payments not previously approved. 

We
may use these provisions until the last day of our fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public
offering occurred. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of such five-year period, including if we become a large
accelerated filer, our annual gross revenue exceeds 1.235 billion, or we issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt
in any three-year period, we will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five-year period. 

We
have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this Annual Report and may elect to take advantage
of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our shareholders may be different
than the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold stock. 

The
JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised
accounting standards, until those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended
transition period and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an emerging growth company or affirmatively and irrevocably
opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that
applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date
on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Our financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firm, appear beginning
on page F-1 of this Annual Report for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not
Applicable. 

46 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our former Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2022. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material error in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
In Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting included in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2022 filed August 12, 2022, our management previously concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of June 30, 2022. Our management subsequently concluded that a material weakness existed and our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2022. This determination was made as a result of a recording error of the fair value of shares
of common stock we issued for services in June 2022. Such shares have a fair value of 8.00 per share, the price of our common stock
at the time of our Direct Listing, but were initially recorded at a fair value of 4.00 per share. With this error being corrected in
amendment no. 1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2022, net loss increased by 6,297,960. We have strengthened
our review controls around the issuance of shares of common stock and the recording of the associated expense by adding an additional
reviewer to the review process. The Company continues to evaluate and implement procedures as deemed
appropriate to enhance our disclosure controls . 

Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. Based on an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with
the participation of our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
our assets: (ii) provide reasonable assurance (a) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting policies (b) our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors: and (c) regarding the prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition use or disposition
of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This
Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly
public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
described above, we implemented certain remediation efforts as a result of the error identified in our financial statements for the quarter
ended June 30, 2022, and the corresponding material weakness identified by management in such period. Except as described above, there
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
Applicable. 

47 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following persons are serving as our executive officers and directors: 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 
 
 Age 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Seamus McAuley 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Terry Rafih 
 
 66 
 
 Executive Chairman 
 
 Saleem
 Elmasri 
 
 37 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dr
 Alfie Morgan 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Lynn
 Stockwell 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Dean
 Valore 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 Arnone 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Executive
Officers 

Seamus
McAuley has been BGC s Chief Executive Officer since February 2023. From June 2021 to February 2023, Mr. McAuley was the
Chief Executive Officer of Alterola Biotech Inc., a UK based pharmaceutical company developing cannabinoid, cannabinoid-like, and non-cannabinoid
pharmaceutical active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and targeting European novel food approval of cannabinoid-based, cannabinoid-like
and non-cannabinoid ingredients and products. Mr. McAuley has been the Chief Executive Officer of Opes Medical Holdings Ltd. OPES since founding the company in July 2019. OPES is a consultancy offering strategic executive services for the development of new and innovative
medical technologies and in- vitro diagnostics, accessing funding sources and commercial launch of products. Before founding OPES, Mr.
McAuley held several senior level sales and commercialization positions. From September 2018 to July 2019, Mr. McAuley was the European
Corporate Development Manager for Diploma PLC, an international group of businesses supplying specialized technical products and services
to the life sciences sector, where he was responsible for identifying, targeting, assessing and closing company acquisitions in strategically
identified geographic zones and market sectors. Prior to that, from July 2011 to July 2019, Mr. McAuley was Sales and Commercial Director
(UK Ireland) for Technopath Distribution Ltd., an international manufacturer and distributor of clinical diagnostic products, where
he more than doubled sales. Mr. McAuley earned diplomas in counselling and nursing from the University of Ulster. 

Terry
Rafih has been the Executive Chairman of BGC s Board since October 2019, and previously served as BGC s Chief
Executive Officer from September 2022 to February 2023 and as BGC s Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2022 to September
2022. Since January 1989, Mr. Rafih has been the Owner and Chief Executive Officer of Rafih Automotive Group, one of Canada s largest
networks of auto dealerships. Mr. Rafih has decades of business experience and has managed mergers and acquisitions representing several
billion dollars in aggregate value. Mr. Rafih received a B.S. in business administration from the University of Windsor. Mr. Rafih brings
over 30 years of executive leadership experience to the Board. Mr. Rafih s insights are critical to Board discussions. 

Saleem
Elmasri has been Chief Financial Officer since March 2022. Mr. Elmasri has been working at Titan Advisory Services LLC as
Managing Partner since September 2020. Titan Advisory Services LLC is a boutique advisory firm focused on providing collaborative and
customized financial operations and CFO services to early stage companies. Mr. Elmasri was Managing Director at DLA LLC, a professional
services firm providing clients internal audit, accounting advisory, and corporate finance services, from June 2019 to April 2021 (ended
full time employment September 2020 and became a consultant to DLA through April 2021). Prior to that, Mr. Elmasri worked as Senior Director
for Pine Hill Group LLC, a boutique accounting and transaction advisory firm, from March 2018 to June 2019, and worked as Senior Manager
for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a Big-4 Accounting and Global Professional Services firm, from September 2007 to March 2018. Mr. Elmasri
is a CPA and seasoned business professional who has a passion for delivering meaningful and measurable value to clients through practical
solutions. Mr. Elmasri has over 15 years of experience in financial and management consulting. Mr. Elmasri began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers
and worked on several of the firm s Fortune 500 clients, primarily focused on the Life Sciences and Pharmaceutical industry. From
PwC, Mr. Elmasri transitioned to lead advisory practices at boutique consulting firms, specializing in transaction and complex accounting
advisory. Mr. Elmasri has B.S. degrees in Accounting and Finance from Rutgers University. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

Biographical
information for Terry Rafih, our Executive Chairman of the Board, is set forth above in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance - Executive Officers . 

Dr.
Alfie Morgan has been a Director of BGC s Board since 2020. Dr. Morgan has been an Emeritus Professor of Business Administration
at the University of Windsor in Canada since September 2016. From 1969 to 2003, he served as a professor with the University of Windsor,
retiring as full-time member of faculty. He is the author/co-author of numerous publications and a book covering topics in the areas
of strategic management, strategic planning, entrepreneurship, new venture formation, and corporate strategy and corporate best practices.
He has served as a Director of the Windsor Regional Chamber of Commerce since 2003, and served as a Director of the Better Business Bureau
of Southwest Ontario from 2018 to 2020. He previously maintained a management consulting practice specializing in strategic planning,
and new venture formation. Dr. Morgan holds a B.Com from Cairo University, an M.B.A. from Boston University, and a Ph.D. from American
University. Dr. Morgan brings decades of management, research and leadership experience to the Board. 

Lynn
Stockwell is the founder of Bright Green Corporation and has been a Director of BGC s Board since its inception. From 2015
to 2020, Ms. Stockwell was a Managing Member of Bright Green Innovations, LLC, a concept for a federally legal emerging cannabis company,
where Ms. Stockwell was responsible for managing the company s industry, business and medical research relationships. Ms. Stockwell
has served as a director of a hospital and held senior leadership positions in connection with fund raising events to promote the use
of natural additives as an alternative to opioids. Ms. Stockwell is a sponsor of biomedical research and clinical trials and a member
of AHP, the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy, with an interest in plant-based bio-identical hormone replacement. Ms. Stockwell
is intimately familiar with BGC s business and operations and brings significant knowledge of BGC s business and the healthcare
industry to the Board. 

Dean
M. Valore has been a Director of BGC s Board since 2020 and Lead Independent Director since July 2022. Mr. Valore is managing
partner of Valore Gordillo L.L.P., a law firm based in Cleveland, Ohio, which he co-founded in January 2012. Since January 2021,
Mr. Valore has also acted as Magistrate with the South Euclid Municipal Court in Ohio. Mr. Valore has been an adjunct professor of law,
focusing on federal procedure, with the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law at Cleveland State University since January 2011. Before entering
private practice, Mr. Valore was a United States Attorney. Mr. Valore is an expert in matters related to federal corporate compliance
and acts as legal counsel to several medical-grade cannabis and cannabis-related companies. Mr. Valore received his J.D. from Cleveland
State University - Cleveland-Marshall College of Law and his B.S. in finance from Miami University. Mr. Valore brings decades of corporate
governance and federal regulatory and legal experience to the Board. 

48 

Robert
Arnone has been a member of BGC s Board since July 2021. Since 2006, Mr. Arnone has been co-owner and Chief Executive Officer
of Levaero Aviation, the exclusive Canadian dealer for Pilatus Aircraft, and a globally recognized leading aircraft brokerage Levaero ).
Mr. Arnone joined Levaero in 1999 and held various leadership positions before acquiring the company in 2006. Under his leadership, Levaero
has expanded significantly and regularly records annual sales in excess of 75 million. Mr. Arnone holds a B.A. from Lakehead University
and is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Corporate
Governance 

Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board. The number of directors will be fixed by our Board, subject to the
terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which include a requirement that the number of directors be
fixed exclusively by a resolution adopted by directors constituting a majority of the total number of authorized directors, whether or
not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. Our Board currently consists of five (5) directors. 

When
considering whether directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, taken as a whole, to enable our
Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the Board focuses primarily on each
person s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual biographies
set forth above. We believe that our directors provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of
our business. 

Corporate
Governance Profile 

Our
corporate governance is structured in a manner we believe closely aligns our interests with those of our stockholders. Notable features
of our corporate governance structure include the following: 

Our
 Board is not classified, with each of our directors subject to re-election annually; 

A
 majority of our directors satisfy the Nasdaq listing standards for independence; 

Our
 Board leadership consists of a Lead Independent Director, a Chairman of the Board, and independent committee chairs. 

Generally,
 all matters to be voted on by stockholders will be approved by a majority (or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality)
 of the votes entitled to be cast by all stockholders present in person or represented by proxy, voting together as a single class; 

We
 comply with the requirements of the Nasdaq marketplace rules, including marketplace rules regarding composition of our Board committees;

By
 virtue of the position, the Lead Independent Director is a member of the audit committee, the compensation committee and the nominating
and corporate governance committee; and 

We
 do not have a stockholder rights plan. 

Our
directors stay informed about our business by attending meetings of our Board and its committees and through supplemental reports and
communications. Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions without the presence of our corporate officers or non-independent
directors. 

Role
of the Board in Risk Oversight 

The
Board actively manages the Company s risk oversight process and receives periodic reports from management on areas of material
risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal, and regulatory risks. The Board committees and the lead independent
director assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in certain areas of risk. The audit committee assists the
Board with its oversight of the Company s major financial risk exposures. The compensation committee assists the Board with
its oversight of risks arising from the Company s compensation policies and programs. The nominating and corporate governance committee assists the Board with its oversight of risks associated with board organization, board independence, and
corporate governance. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of those risks,
the entire Board is regularly informed about the risks by committee chairs and the lead independent director. 

49 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq marketplace rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and
nominations committees be independent, or, if a listed company has no nominations committee, that director nominees be selected or recommended
for the board s selection by independent directors constituting a majority of the board s independent directors. The Nasdaq
marketplace rules further require that audit committee members satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
Act and that compensation committee members satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. 

Our
Board has affirmatively determined that each of Dr. Alfie Morgan, Dean Valore and Robert Arnone qualify as an independent director, as
defined under the applicable corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. These rules require that our audit committee be composed of at
least three (3) members, one of whom must be independent on the date of listing on Nasdaq, a majority of whom must be independent within
90 days of the effective date of the registration statement containing the prospectus for our Direct Listing, and all of whom must be
independent within one year of the effective date of the registration statement containing the prospectus for our Direct Listing. 

Board
Leadership 

Terry
Rafih is the Executive Chairman of the Board. In addition, Mr. Valore, Lead Independent Director, is a
member of the audit committee, corporate governance and nominating committee, and compensation committee. 

Board
Meetings 

The
Board holds periodic meetings, and ad hoc meetings if and when necessary. Directors are expected to attend Board meetings, meetings of
stockholders and meetings of the committees on which they serve, with the understanding that on occasion a director may be unable to
attend a meeting. 

During
2022, our Board held 2 meetings, and each director attended 100 of the aggregate of (i) the total number of
meetings of our board of directors held during the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the total number of meetings
held by all committees of our board of directors on which he or she served during the periods that he or she served. 

Board
Committees 

In
April 2022, the Board established three standing committees, the audit committee, the compensation committee and the corporate governance
and nominating committee, to assist the Board with the performance of its responsibilities. The initial composition of these committees
was set by the Board at that time, in its discretion. Going forward, the Board will designate the members of these committees and the
committee chairs based on the recommendation of the corporate governance and nominating committee. The Board has adopted written charters
for each of these committees, which are available on the investor relations section of our website at https://brightgreen.us. Copies
will also be available in print to any stockholder upon written request. 

50 

Audit Committee 

The Board formally established
an audit committee in April 2022. The audit committee is composed of three (3) independent directors, Robert Arnone, Dr. Alfie Morgan,
and Dean Valore, Lead Independent Director. Mr. Arnone serves as chair of the audit committee. The committee s primary duties are
to: 

review and discuss with management and our independent auditor our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures, including disclosure under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and the results of the independent auditor s audit or review, as the case may be; 

review our financial reporting processes and internal control over financial reporting systems and the performance, generally, of our internal audit function; 

oversee
 the audit and other services of our independent registered public accounting firm and be directly responsible for the appointment,
 independence, qualifications, compensation and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm, which reports directly
 to the audit committee; 

provide
 an open means of communication among our independent registered public accounting firm, management, our internal auditing function
 and our Board; 

review
 any disagreements between our management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding our financial reporting; 

prepare
 the audit committee report for inclusion in our proxy statement for our annual stockholder meetings; 

establish
 procedures for complaints received regarding our accounting, internal accounting control and auditing matters; and 

approve
 all audit and permissible non-audit services conducted by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
Board has determined that each member of the audit committee is independent of management and free of any relationships that, in the
opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment and are independent, as that term is defined under the
enhanced independence standards for audit committee members in the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. 

The
Board has determined that Robert Arnone is an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in the rules promulgated
by the SEC pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2012. The Board has further determined that each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and that at least one member of the committee has accounting or related financial management expertise, as such terms are interpreted
by the Board in its business judgment. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Board formally established a compensation committee in April 2022. The compensation committee is composed of three (3) independent directors
(as defined under the general independence standards of the Nasdaq listing standards and our corporate governance guidelines): Dean Valore,
Dr. Alfie Morgan, and Robert Arnone, each a non-employee director (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act).
Mr. Valore serves as chair of the compensation committee. The committee s primary duties are to: 

approve
 corporate goals and objectives relevant to executive officer compensation and evaluate executive officer performance in light of
 those goals and objectives; 

determine
 and approve executive officer compensation, including base salary and incentive awards; 

make
 recommendations to the Board regarding compensation plans; and 

administer
 any stock plan, equity incentive plan, inducement plan or other compensation plan adopted for the benefit of our employees and/or
 directors. 

The
compensation committee determines and approve all elements of executive officer compensation. It also provides recommendations to the
Board with respect to non-employee director compensation. The compensation committee may not delegate its authority to any other person,
other than to a subcommittee. 

51 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
person who served as a member of the compensation committee during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was a current or former officer
or employee of the Company or engaged in certain transactions with the Company required to be disclosed by regulations of the SEC. Additionally,
there were no compensation committee interlocks during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which generally means that
no executive officer of the Company served as a director or member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive
officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee of the Company. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
Board formally established a nominating and corporate governance committee in April 2022. The nominating and corporate governance committee is composed of three (3) independent directors (as defined under the general independence standards of the
Nasdaq listing standards and our corporate governance guidelines): Dean Valore, Dr. Alfie Morgan and Robert Arnone, each a
 non-employee director (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act). Mr. Valore, Lead Independent Director,
serves as chair of the committee. The committee s primary duties are to: 

recruit
 new directors, consider director nominees recommended by stockholders and others and recommend nominees for election as directors; 

review
 the size and composition of our Board and committees; 

oversee
 the evaluation of the Board; 

recommend
 actions to increase the Board s effectiveness; and 

develop,
 recommend and oversee our corporate governance principles, including our code of business conduct and ethics and our corporate governance
 guidelines. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee will consider several qualifications relating to management and leadership experience,
background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The
nominating and corporate governance committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience,
to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to
obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating and corporate governance committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

52 

Director
Nominations 

The
process of recommending director nominees for selection by the Board is undertaken by the nominating and corporate governance committee (see above). 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

Section
16 Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires certain of our officers and our directors, and persons who own more than 10 percent of a registered
class of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater
than 10 percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on our review of copies of such forms received by us, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all filing requirements
applicable to all of our officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial stockholders were timely complied with. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a written code of business ethics and conduct (the Code of Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers
and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The objective of the Code of Conduct is to provide
guidelines for maintaining our and our subsidiaries integrity, reputation, honesty, objectivity and impartiality. The Code of Conduct
addresses conflicts of interest, protection of our assets, confidentiality, fair dealing with stockholders, competitors and employees,
insider trading, compliance with laws and reporting any illegal or unethical behavior. As part of the Code of Conduct, any person subject
to the Code of Conduct is required to avoid or fully disclose interests or relationships that are harmful or detrimental to our best
interests or that may give rise to real, potential or the appearance of conflicts of interest. Our Board has ultimate responsibility
for the stewardship of the Code of Conduct, and it monitors compliance through our nominating and corporate governance committee. Directors,
officers and employees are required to annually certify that they have not violated the Code of Conduct. Our Code of Conduct reflects the foregoing principles. The full text of our Code Conduct is be published on our website. 

We
intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Conduct in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of the Company s named executive officers. This discussion
may contain forward-looking statements that are based on the Company s current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations
regarding future compensation programs. The actual compensation programs that the Company adopts may differ materially from the currently
planned programs that are summarized in this discussion. As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are
not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and have elected to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies. 

53 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the compensation awarded
to or earned by our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards (1)( 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Terry Rafih, Executive Chairman, Former Chief Executive Officer(2) 
 2022 
 200,000 
 - 
 - 
 4,255,313 
 4,455,313 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,000 
 10,000 

Saleem Elmasri, Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 218,669 
 - 
 - 
 2,000,000 
 2,218,669 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Edward Robinson, Former Chief Executive Officer(3) 
 2022 
 180,250 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 180,250 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option
awards granted in the respective fiscal year as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation .
The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. A discussion
of the assumptions used in calculating the amounts in this column may be found in the notes to our audited financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2022 set forth in this Annual Report. These amounts do not represent the actual amounts paid to or realized by
the executives during the fiscal years presented. 

(2) 
 Mr. Rafih resigned as Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. Seamus
McAuley was appointed as his replacement in February 2023. 

(3) 
 Mr. Robinson resigned as Chief Executive Officer in June 2022. Terry Rafih
was appointed as his replacement in June 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal 2022 Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Exercisable 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 

Terry Rafih, Executive Chairman, Former Chief Executive Officer(1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 6,037,500 
 2,834,606 
 
 Saleem Elmasri, Chief Financial Officer 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Edward Robinson, 

 Former Chief Executive Officer(2) 
 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Mr. Rafih resigned as Chief Executive Officer in February 2023. Seamus McAuley was appointed as his replacement in February 2023. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. Robinson resigned as Chief Executive Officer in June 2022. Terry Rafih was appointed as his replacement in June 2022. 

54 

Named
Executive Officer Employment Arrangements 

Below are descriptions of the current employment agreements
with our named executive officers and Seamus McAuley, our current Chief Executive Officer. 

Seamus
McAuley 

On
February 15, 2023, effective as of February 9, 2023, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. McAuley (the
 McAuley Agreement to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The McAuley Agreement provides Mr. McAuley
an annual base salary of 300,000, reimbursement for certain expenses, and eligibility to participate in the Company s benefit
plans and executive compensation programs generally. Additionally, upon the achievement of specific milestones, as described in Exhibit
A to the McAuley Agreement, Mr. McAuley shall be eligible to receive awards to purchase up to an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock. Each award is subject to and conditioned upon the approval of the Board, which approval shall be granted
as each milestone is met. The McAuley Agreement subjects Mr. McAuley to standard restrictive covenants for agreements of its type, including
non-competition, non-solicitation, and invention assignment provisions. 

The McAuley Agreement is terminable by either Mr.
McAuley or the Company on three months notice in writing. The Company reserves the right to pay Mr. McAuley in lieu of all or any
part of his notice entitlement at the Company s absolute discretion which will be calculated based on his basic salary. Where the
Company pays in lieu of notice, the termination date of his employment will be the date on which notice is served (and not the date on
which payment is made). 

Terry
Rafih 

On
September 22, 2022, and effective as of September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Terry
Rafih (the Rafih Agreement to serve as the Company s Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
Officer. The Rafih Agreement provides Mr. Rafih an annual base salary of 600,000, which shall initially be deferred until March 15,
2023, and eligibility to participate in the Company s benefit plans and executive compensation programs generally. Additionally,
Mr. Rafih is eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of up to 150 of his base salary, provided that certain performance objectives
are met (as set and determined by the Board), and an annual bonus equal to 1.5 of the net revenue generated by the Company for each
of the Company s fiscal years ending 2022, 2023, and 2024. The Rafih Agreement subjects Mr. Rafih to standard restrictive covenants,
including non-competition, non-solicitation, and invention assignment provisions. 

If
Mr. Rafih s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Rafih Agreement) (other than
for death or disability) or is terminated by Mr. Rafih for Good Reason (as defined in the Rafih Agreement) or the term
of his employment is not renewed, Mr. Rafih will be entitled to receive (i) Accrued Obligations (as defined below); (ii) a lump sum payment
equal to two (2) times the sum of (a) Mr. Rafih s base salary then in effect and (b) two (2) times the maximum cash bonus then
in effect for the current year; (iii) any earned but unpaid revenue bonus with respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding
the termination date; (iv) any revenue bonus Mr. Rafih would have earned for the full year in which such termination occurred, prorated
as set forth in the Rafih Agreement (v) all rights to which Mr. Rafih is entitled under each equity award as determined in accordance
with the terms of the equity plans, programs, or award agreement under which any such equity has been granted, subject to the terms and
conditions of the Rafih Agreement; and (vi) reimbursement of the COBRA premiums paid for continuation of coverage for Mr. Rafih, and
his eligible dependents, until the earlier of (a) thirty-six (36) month period from the date of termination or (b) the date upon which
Mr. Rafih and/or Mr. Rafih s eligible dependents are no longer eligible for COBRA continuation coverage. 

If
Mr. Rafih s employment is terminated for Cause (as defined in the Rafih Agreement) or is terminated by Mr. Rafih
without Good Reason (as defined in the Rafih Agreement), Mr. Rafih will be entitled to receive (i) accrued but unpaid base
salary for services rendered through the date of termination and accrued but unused vacation; (ii) reimbursement for unreimbursed business
expenses properly incurred by Mr. Rafih; (iii) amounts which Mr. Rafih has earned and are owed to him pursuant to the terms of any written
agreements, compensation and/or equity plans or programs of the Company or any of its affiliates as of the termination date, including,
but not limited to any awards granted pursuant to any such plans or programs (such amounts subject to the terms and rights of those agreements
and plans, all of which may differ based on the events of termination, and based on any discretion of the Board or the Company to accelerate
vesting); (iv) amounts to which Mr. Rafih is legally entitled pursuant to any employee benefit plans of the Company or any of its affiliates
as of the termination date (including, but not limited to, life insurance proceeds upon death and/or disability insurance proceeds upon
disability); and (v) any indemnification rights Mr. Rafih has in connection with his service as an officer and/or director of the Company
and/or its affiliates as of the termination date, whether pursuant to the Company s governing documents or otherwise ((i)-(v) collectively,
the Accrued Obligations ). 

Saleem
Elmasri 

On
February 28, 2022, we entered into a Consulting Agreement (the Elmasri Agreement with Saleem Elmasri, our Chief Financial
Officer, to provide services to the Company prior to, and following, the registration of the Company s securities under the Exchange
Act. Mr. Elmasri was appointed Chief Financial Officer in March 2022. The Elmasri Agreement provides for the following compensation and
benefits to Mr. Elmasri. 

A
 monthly cash fee not to exceed 30,720, subject to increase as set forth in the Elmasri Agreement. 

An
 initial term of two years. 

Eligibility
 to participate in any equity compensation plan adopted by the Company 

Issuance
 of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock 

Edward
Robinson 

On
April 1, 2022, we entered into an Employment Agreement (the Robinson Agreement with Edward Robinson, our former Chief
Executive Officer. The Robinson Agreement provided for the following compensation and benefits to Mr. Robinson: 

An
 annual base salary of 540,000 paid in monthly instalments (as adjusted from time to time
 in the discretion of the Board and Compensation Committee). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Robinson was to receive monthly payments
 in the amount of 6,750 with an aggregate of 344,250 in deferred compensation due and payable
 on or before December 15, 2022. Mr. Robinson was paid an aggregate of 180,250 in the year
 ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 An
 annual bonus of up to 100 of annual base salary. 
 
 Reimbursement
 of travel and other expenses incurred by Mr. Robinson in connection with his service as Chief
 Executive Officer. 
 
 Upon
 termination by the Company without cause or resignation by Mr. Robinson for
 good reason, each as defined in the Robinson Agreement, Mr. Robinson was entitled
 to the accrued benefits due to the executive as set forth in the Robinson Agreement. 

On
June 27, 2022, Mr. Robinson resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

55 

Summary
Director Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our directors for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards (1) ) 
 Stock Awards (1) ) 
 Total ) 

Lynn Stockwell 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Dr. Alfie Morgan 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Dean Valore 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Robert Arnone 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Terry Rafih 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1)
Represents the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards granted in the respective fiscal year as computed in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. A discussion of the assumptions used in calculating the amounts in this
column may be found in the notes to our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 set forth in this
Annual Report. These amounts do not represent the actual amounts paid to or realized by the executives during the fiscal years presented. 

Bright
Green Corporation 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Plan was adopted and become effective upon obtaining shareholder approval on December 12, 2022. 

Summary
of the Plan 

The
following paragraphs provide a summary of the principal features of the Plan and its operation. 

13,547,384
of shares of common stock will be available for delivery pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. The Plan covers the grant of awards
to the Company s employees (including officers), non-employee consultants and non-employee directors and those of the Company s
affiliates. In addition, the Plan permits the grant of awards (other than incentive stock options) to individuals who are expected to
become an employee to, non-employee consultant or non-employee director of the Company or any of its affiliates within a reasonable period
of time after the grant of an award. Any award granted to any individual who is expected to become an employee, non-employee consultant
or non-employee director will be automatically terminated and cancelled without consideration if the individual does not begin performing
services for the Company or any of its affiliate within twelve (12) months after the grant date. For purposes of the Plan, the Company s
affiliates include any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture or other entity, with respect to which we,
directly or indirectly, own either (i) stock of a corporation possessing more than fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power
of all classes of stock entitled to vote, or more than fifty percent (50 of the total value of all shares of all classes of stock of
such corporation, or (ii) an aggregate of more than fifty percent (50 of the profits interest or capital interest of any non-corporate
entity. 

The
compensation committee of the Board administers the Plan. The compensation committee may delegate any or all of its administrative authority
to the Company s Chief Executive Officer or to a management committee except with respect to awards to executive officers who are
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, the full Board must serve as the committee with respect to any awards to the
Company s non-employee directors. 

The
stock delivered to settle awards made under the Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares, including shares repurchased
by the Company for purposes of the Plan. If any shares subject to any award granted under the Plan (other than a substitute award as
described below) is forfeited or otherwise terminated without delivery of all or a portion of such shares, including on payment in shares
on exercise of a stock appreciation right (or if such shares are returned to the Company due to a forfeiture restriction under such award),
the shares subject to such awards will again be available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares that are withheld or applied as payment
(either actually or by attestation) for shares issued upon exercise of an award or for the withholding or payment of taxes due upon exercise
of the award will not be treated as having been delivered under the Plan and will, at the discretion of the Company, be available for
grant under the Plan. 

56 

If
a dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, shares of common stock or other property), recapitalization, forward or reverse stock
split, subdivision, consolidation or reduction of capital, reorganization, merger, consolidation, scheme of arrangement, split-up, spin-off
or combination involving the Company or repurchase or exchange of our shares or other securities, or other rights to purchase shares
of the Company s securities or other similar transaction or event affects the common stock such that the committee determines that
an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits (or potential benefits) provided to grantees
under the Plan, the committee will make an equitable change or adjustment as it deems appropriate in the number and kind of securities
subject to awards (whether or not then outstanding) and the related exercise price relating to an award in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan. 

Other
than in the case of substitute awards, (i) a non-employee director who is a lead independent director or a director chair or a newly-appointed
director may not be granted awards for cash or shares that together with any awards granted outside of the Plan have a fair market value
(determined as of the date of grant) in excess of 2,000,000 in a single calendar year and (ii) any other non-employee director may not
be granted awards for cash or shares that together with any awards granted outside of the Plan have a fair market value (determined as
of the date of grant) in excess of 1,000,000 in a single calendar year. 

Types
of Awards 

The
Plan permits the granting of any or all of the following types of awards to all grantees: 

stock
 options, including incentive stock options ISOs 

stock
 appreciation rights SARs 

restricted
 shares; 

deferred
 stock and restricted stock units; 

performance
 units and performance shares; 

dividend
 equivalents; 

bonus
 shares; and 

other
 stock-based awards. 

Generally,
awards under the Plan are granted for no consideration other than prior and future services. Awards granted under the Plan may, in the
discretion of the committee, be granted alone or in addition to, in tandem with or in substitution for, any other award under the Plan
or other plan of ours; provided, however, that if SARs are granted in tandem with ISOs, the SARs and ISOs must have the same grant date
and term and the exercise price of the SARs may not be less than the exercise price of the ISOs. The material terms of each award will
be set forth in a written award agreement between the grantee and us. 

57 

Stock
Options and SARs 

The
committee is authorized to grant SARs and stock options (including ISOs except that an ISO may only be granted to an employee of the
Company or one of its subsidiary corporations). A stock option allows a grantee to purchase a specified number of shares of the common
stock at a predetermined price per share (the exercise price during a fixed period measured from the date of grant. A
SAR entitles the grantee to receive the excess of the fair market value of a specified number of shares on the date of exercise over
a predetermined exercise price per share. The exercise price of an option or a SAR will be determined by the committee and set forth
in the applicable award agreement but (other than in the case of substitute awards) the exercise price may not be less than the fair
market value of a share of common stock on the grant date. The term of each option or SAR is determined by the committee and set forth
in the applicable award agreement, except that the term may not exceed 10 years. Options may be exercised by payment of the purchase
price through one or more of the following means: payment in cash (including personal check or wire transfer), by delivering shares of
the common stock previously owned by the grantee, or with the approval of the committee, by delivery of shares of common stock acquired
upon the exercise of such option or by delivering restricted shares. The committee may also permit a grantee to pay the exercise price
of an option through the sale of shares acquired upon exercise of the option through a broker-dealer to whom the grantee has delivered
irrevocable instructions to deliver sales proceeds sufficient to pay the purchase price and any applicable tax withholding amounts to
the Company. 

Restricted
Shares 

The
committee may award restricted shares consisting of shares of common stock which remain subject to a risk of forfeiture and may not be
disposed of by grantees until certain restrictions established by the committee lapse. The vesting conditions may be service-based (i.e.,
requiring continuous service for a specified period) or performance-based (i.e., requiring achievement of certain specified performance
objectives) or both. A grantee receiving restricted shares will have all of the rights of a stockholder, including the right to vote
the shares and the right to receive any dividends, except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement. Upon termination of
the grantee s affiliation with the Company during the restriction period (or, if applicable, upon the failure to satisfy the specified
performance objectives during the restriction period), the restricted shares will be forfeited as provided in the applicable award agreement.
Stock dividends and deferred cash dividends issued with respect to restricted shares will be subject to the same restrictions and other
terms as apply to the restricted shares with respect to which such dividends are issued. 

Deferred
Stock and Restricted Stock Units 

The
committee may also grant deferred stock awards and/or restricted stock unit awards. A deferred stock award is the grant of a right to
receive a specified number of shares of common stock at the end of specified deferral periods or upon the occurrence of a specified event,
which satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. A restricted stock unit award is the grant of a right to receive a specified
number of shares of common stock upon lapse of a specified forfeiture condition (such as completion of a specified period of service
or achievement of certain specified performance objectives). If the service condition and/or specified performance objectives are not
satisfied during the restriction period, the award will lapse without the issuance of the shares underlying such award. 

Restricted
stock units and deferred stock awards carry no voting or other rights associated with stock ownership until the shares underlying the
award are delivered in settlement of the award. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a grantee will have the rights to receive
dividend equivalents in respect of deferred stock and/or restricted stock units, which dividend equivalents will be deemed reinvested
in additional shares of deferred stock or restricted stock units, as applicable, and which will remain subject to the same forfeiture
conditions applicable to the deferred stock or restricted stock units to which such dividend equivalents relate. 

Performance
Units 

The
committee may grant performance units, which entitle a grantee to cash or shares conditioned upon the fulfillment of certain performance
conditions and other restrictions as specified by the committee and reflected in the applicable award agreement. The initial value of
a performance unit will be determined by the committee at the time of grant. The committee will determine the terms and conditions of
such awards, including performance and other restrictions placed on these awards, which will be reflected in the applicable award agreement. 

58 

Performance
Shares 

The
committee may grant performance shares, which entitle a grantee to a certain number of shares of common stock, conditioned upon the
fulfillment of certain performance conditions and other restrictions as specified by the committee and reflected in the applicable award
agreement. The committee will determine the terms and conditions of such awards, including performance and other restrictions placed
on these awards, which will be reflected in the applicable award agreement. 

Bonus
Shares 

The
committee may grant fully vested shares of common stock as bonus shares in recognition of past performance or as an inducement to become
an employee, non-employee consultant or director on such terms and conditions as specified in the applicable award agreement. 

Dividend
Equivalents 

The
committee is authorized to grant dividend equivalents, which provide a grantee the right to receive payment equal to the dividends paid
on a specified number of shares of common stock. Dividend equivalents may be paid directly to grantees or may be deferred for later
delivery under the Plan. No dividend equivalents may be granted with respect to options or SARs. If deferred such dividend equivalents
may be credited with interest or may be deemed to be invested in shares of common stock or in other property. Any dividend equivalents
granted in conjunction with any award that is subject to forfeiture conditions will remain subject to the same forfeiture conditions
applicable to the award to which such dividend equivalents relate. 

Other
Stock-Based Awards 

The
Plan authorizes the committee to grant awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to or otherwise based on the Company s
securities. The committee determines the terms and conditions of such awards, including whether awards are paid in shares or cash. 

Merger,
Consolidation or Similar Corporate Transaction 

If
there is a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation or a sale of substantially all of the Company s
stock, or, collectively, a Corporate Transaction, and the outstanding awards are not assumed by surviving company (or its parent company)
or replaced with economically equivalent awards granted by the surviving company (or its parent company), the committee will cancel any
outstanding awards that are not vested and non-forfeitable as of the consummation of such Corporate Transaction (unless the committee
accelerates the vesting of any such awards) and with respect to any vested and non-forfeitable awards, the committee may either (i) allow
all grantees to exercise options and SARs within a reasonable period prior to the consummation of the Corporate Transaction and cancel
any outstanding options or SARs that remain unexercised upon consummation of the Corporate Transaction, or (ii) cancel any or all of
such outstanding awards (including options and SARs) in exchange for a payment (in cash, or in securities or other property) in an amount
equal to the amount that the grantee would have received (net of the exercise price with respect to any options or SARs) if the vested
awards were settled or distributed or such vested options and SARs were exercised immediately prior to the consummation of the Corporate
Transaction. If an exercise price of the option or SAR exceeds the fair market value of common stock and the option or SAR is not assumed
or replaced by the surviving company (or its parent company), such options and SARs will be cancelled without any payment to the grantee. 

59 

Further
Amendments to the Plan 

The
Plan may be amended, altered, suspended, discontinued or terminated by the Board without further stockholder approval, unless such approval
of an amendment or alteration is required by law or regulation or under the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system
on which the common stock is then listed or quoted. Thus, stockholder approval will not necessarily be required for amendments which
might increase the cost of the Plan or broaden eligibility. Stockholder approval will not be deemed to be required under laws or regulations
that condition favorable treatment of grantees on such approval, although the Board may, in its discretion, seek stockholder approval
in any circumstance in which it deems such approval advisable. 

The
terms of any outstanding option or stock appreciation right may not be amended: (i) to reduce the exercise price of such option or stock
appreciation right, or (ii) cancel any outstanding option or stock appreciation right in exchange for other options or stock appreciation
rights with an exercise price that is less than the exercise price of the cancelled option or stock appreciation right or for any cash
payment (or shares having a fair market value) in an amount that exceeds the excess of the fair market value of the shares underlying
such cancelled option or stock appreciation right over the aggregate exercise price of such option or stock appreciation right or for
any other award, or (iii) take any other action with respect to an option or stock appreciation right that would be treated as a repricing
under the rules and regulations on the principal securities exchange on which the shares are traded, in each case without stockholder
approval. The foregoing restrictions will not apply (i) unless the Company has a class of stock that is registered under Section 12 of
the Exchange Act or (ii) to any adjustment allowed under the provisions of the Plan relating to adjustments for changes in capitalization,
corporate transactions, or a liquidation or dissolution. 

In
addition, subject to the terms of the Plan, no amendment or termination of the Plan may materially and adversely affect the right of
a grantee without the consent of the grantee under any award granted under the Plan. 

Unless
earlier terminated by the Board, the Plan will terminate when no shares remain reserved and available for issuance or, if earlier, on
the tenth anniversary of the most recent effective date of the Plan. 

Federal
Income Tax Consequences 

The
following discussion summarizes the certain Federal income tax consequences of the Plan based on current provisions of the Code, which
are subject to change. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and does not address all matters which may be relevant to a particular
grantee based on his or her specific circumstances. The summary expressly does not discuss the income tax laws of any state, municipality,
or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction, or the gift, estate, excise (including the rules applicable to deferred compensation under Code Section
409A or golden parachute excise taxes under Code Section 4999), or other tax laws other than federal income tax law. The following is
not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purposes of avoiding taxpayer penalties. Because individual circumstances
may vary, the Company advises all grantees to consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax implications of awards granted under
the Plan. 

Options .
A recipient of a stock option will not have taxable income upon the grant of the stock option. For stock options that are not incentive
stock options, the grantee will recognize ordinary income upon exercise in an amount equal to the value of any cash received, plus the
difference between the fair market value of the freely transferable and non-forfeitable shares received by the grantee on the date of
exercise and the exercise price. The grantee s tax basis in such shares will be the fair market value of such shares on the date
the option is exercised. Any gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of the shares generally will be a long-term or short-term
capital gain or loss. 

The
acquisition of shares upon exercise of an incentive stock option will not result in any taxable income to the grantee, except, possibly,
for purposes of the alternative minimum tax. The gain or loss recognized by the grantee on a later sale or other disposition of such
shares will either be long-term capital gain or loss or ordinary income, depending upon whether the grantee holds the shares for the
legally-required period (currently two years from the date of grant and one year from the date of exercise). If the shares are not held
for the legally-required period, the grantee will recognize ordinary income equal to the lesser of (i) the difference between the fair
market value of the shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price, or (ii) the difference between the sales price and the exercise
price. If the grantee holds the shares for the legally required holding period, the grantee s tax basis in such shares will be
the exercise price paid for the shares. 

60 

Generally,
a company can claim a federal income tax deduction equal to the amount recognized as ordinary income by a grantee in connection with
the exercise of a stock option, but not relating to a grantee s capital gains. Accordingly, the Company will not be entitled to
any tax deduction with respect to an incentive stock option if the grantee holds the shares for the legally-required period. 

Restricted
Shares. Unless a grantee makes the election described below, a grant of restricted shares will not result in taxable income to the
grantee or a deduction for the Company in the year of grant. The value of such restricted shares will be taxable to a grantee as ordinary
income in the year in which the restrictions lapse. Alternatively, a grantee may elect to treat as income in the year of grant the fair
market value of the restricted stock on the date of grant, provided the grantee makes the election within 30 days after the date of such
grant. If such an election were made, the grantee would not be allowed to deduct at a later date the amount included as taxable income
if the grantee should forfeit the shares of restricted stock. The amount of ordinary income recognized by a grantee is deductible by
the Company in the year such income is recognized by the grantee, provided such amount constitutes reasonable compensation to the grantee.
If the election described above is not made, then prior to the lapse of restrictions, dividends paid on the shares subject to such restrictions
will be taxable to the grantee as additional compensation in the year received, and the Company will be allowed a corresponding deduction. 

Other
Awards. Generally, when a grantee receives payment in settlement of any other award granted under the Plan, the amount of cash and
the fair market value of the shares received will be ordinary income to such grantee, and the Company will be allowed a corresponding
deduction for federal income tax purposes. 

Generally,
when a grantee receives payment with respect to dividend equivalents, the amount of cash and the fair market value of any shares or other
property received will be ordinary income to such grantee. The Company will be entitled to a federal income tax deduction in an amount
equal to the amount the grantee includes in income. 

If
the grantee is an employee or former employee, the amount the grantee recognizes as ordinary income in connection with an award (other
than an incentive stock option) is subject to tax withholding. 

Limitations
on Deductions. Code Section 162(m) as amended by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, limits the Federal income tax deductibility of compensation
paid to any covered employee to 1 million per fiscal year. A covered employee is any individual who (i) is the Company s
principal executive officer or principal financial officer at any time during the then current fiscal year, (ii) is one of the three
highest paid named executive officers (other than the principal executive officer or principal financial officer) during the then current
fiscal year or (iii) was a covered employee in any prior fiscal year beginning after December 31, 2016. 

Deferred
Compensation. Under Section 409A of the Code. Any award that is deemed to be a deferral arrangement (excluding certain exempted short-term
deferrals) will be subject to Code Section 409A. Generally, Code Section 409A imposes accelerated inclusion in income and tax penalties
on the recipient of deferred compensation that does not satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A. Options and restricted shares
granted under the Amended and Restated Omnibus Plan will typically be exempt from Code Section 409A. Other awards may result in the deferral
of compensation. Awards under the Plan that may result in the deferral of compensation are intended to be structured to meet applicable
requirements under Code Section 409A. Certain grantee elections and the timing of distributions relating to such awards must also meet
requirements under Code Section 409A in order for income taxation to be deferred and tax penalties avoided by the grantee upon vesting
of the award. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. For more information, see Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence - Indemnification Agreements. 

61 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 14, 2023, by: 

each
 person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security. Under those rules, beneficial ownership includes
securities that the individual or entity has the right to acquire, such as through the exercise of stock options, within 60 days. Shares
subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by
the person holding such options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that the
persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially
owned by them. Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the directors and executive officers of the Company is c/o Bright
Green Corporation., 1033 George Hanosh Boulevard Grants, NM 87020. 

62 

Name and address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares
 Beneficially 
 Owned (1) 
 Percentage
of Shares Beneficially 
 Owned (1) 
 
 5 Stockholders: 

E. Mailloux Enterprises, Inc. and related parties (2) 
 20,200,000 
 11.66 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Seamus
 McAuley, CEO 
 - 

Terry Rafih, Executive Chairman 
 24,842,500 
 14.25 
 
 Saleem Elmasri, CFO 
 500,000 

Lynn Stockwell, Director 
 69,111,470 
 39.63 
 
 Dr. Alfie Morgan, Director 
 5,000 

Dean Valore, Director 
 5,000 

Robert Arnone, Director 
 105,000 (3) 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (7 persons) (4) 
 100,273,970 (4) 
 57.5 (4) 

Less than 1 . 

(1)
Based on 174,423,810 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 14, 2023. Any shares of common stock not outstanding which are
issuable upon the exercise or conversion of other securities held by a person within the next 60 days are considered to be outstanding
when computing such person s ownership percentage of common stock but are not when computing anyone else s ownership percentage. 

(2)
This information is solely based on the Company s review of filings made on Schedule 13G with the SEC, relating to beneficial ownership
of 20,200,000 shares of common stock as of June 3, 2022. The address of E. Mailloux Enterprises, Inc. MEI is 3129 Marentette
Ave., Unit 2 Windsor ON N8X 4G1, Canada. Ernie Mailloux has voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares of common stock held
by MEI. Consists of 12,700,000 shares of common stock held by MEI, 7,500,000 shares of common stock held by Cheryl Mailloux, wife of
Mr. Mailloux. Mr. Mailloux may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over shares of common stock held by Mrs. Mailloux. 

(3)
Includes 100,000 shares held by Aerigo Solutions Inc. Mr. Arnone has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares of common stock
held by Aerigo Solutions Inc. 

(4)
Includes 100,000 shares beneficially owned by Douglas Bates, who resigned as Chief Financial Officer in March 2022 and 5,605,000 shares
beneficially owned by Edward Robinson, who resigned as Chief Executive Officer in June 2022 and as a director on July 1, 2022. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2022 to which we have been a party, in which the amount involved in the
transaction exceeded 120,000, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more
than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described
under Executive Compensation . 

June
2022 Shareholder Line of Credit 

On
June 5, 2022, the Company and LDS Capital LLC Lender ), whose managing member is a member of the Company s Board, entered into an unsecured line of credit in the form of a note (the June Note ).
The June Note provides that the Company may borrow up to 5.0 million, including an initial loan in the amount of 3.0 million, through
June 4, 2025 (the June Note Maturity Date from Lender. Lender has committed to fund to the Company 3.0 million under
the June Note by June 30, 2022. Prior to the June Note Maturity Date, the Company may borrow up to an additional 2.0 million under the
June Note, at Lender s sole discretion, and subject to the Company s request of such additional funds form Lender (each loan
furnished under the June Note individually, a Loan, and collectively, the Loans ). The Company has the right,
but not the obligation, to prepay any Loan, in whole or in part, prior to the June Note Maturity Date. Interest on the unpaid principal
amount of any Loan accrues through the earlier of the June Note Maturity Date or the date of prepayment on such Loan, at a rate of 2 
per annum plus the Prime Rate (the rate of interest per annum announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase Bank as its prime rate).
If the principal and interest, if any, of any Loan is not paid in full on the Maturity Date, additional penalty interest will accrue
on such Loan in the amount of 2 per annum. 

63 

On
November 14, 2022, the Company and LDS Capital LLC amended the June Note to increase the line of credit from 5.0 million to 15.0 million. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn down approximately 3.6 million under this June Note, and thus has a drawing capacity of
 11.3 million when taking into consideration accrued interest. 

Arrangement
with Alterola 

See
 Item 1. Business Arrangement with Alterola. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
have entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. These agreements, among other things, require us to indemnify
these individuals for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and settlement amounts reasonably incurred
by such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in our right, on account of any services undertaken by such person
on behalf of our company or that person s status as a member of our board of directors to the maximum extent allowed under Delaware
law. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
the Company pursuant to provisions of the State of Delaware, the Company has been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in that Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Parties 

The
Company has adopted a related party transaction policy that set forth its procedures for the identification, review, consideration and
approval or ratification of related person transactions. A related person includes directors, executive officers, beneficial owners of
5 or more of any class of the Company s voting securities, immediate family members of any of the foregoing persons, and any entities
in which any of the foregoing is an executive officer or is an owner of 5 or more ownership interest. Under the related party transaction
policy, if a transaction involving an amount in excess of 120,000 has been identified as a related person transaction, including any
transaction that was not a related person transaction when originally consummated or any transaction that was not initially identified
as a related person transaction prior to consummation, information regarding the related person transaction must be reviewed and approved
by the Company s audit committee. 

 In
considering related person transactions, the Company s audit committee will take into account the relevant available facts and
circumstances including, but not limited to: 

the related person s interest in the related person transaction; 

the approximate dollar value of the amount involved in the related person transaction; 

the approximate dollar value of the amount of the related person s interest in the transaction without regard to the amount of
any profit or loss; 

whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Company; 

64 

whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to be, or was, entered into on terms no less favorable to the Company
than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; 

the purpose of, and the potential benefits to the Company of, the transaction; and 

any other information regarding the related person transaction or the related person in the context of the proposed transaction that
would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction. 

The
related party transaction policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, the
audit committee must review all relevant information available to it about such transaction, and that it may approve or ratify the related
person transaction only if it determines that, under all of the circumstances, the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, the
best interests of the Company. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is SRCO, C.P.A.,
Professional Corporation SRCO ), Amherst, NY, 6722. 

The
following table represents aggregate fees billed to the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 by SRCO. 

(US Dollars) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees 
 76,000 
 55,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 23,000 
 0 
 
 Tax fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All
 other fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 99,000 
 55,000 

Audit
fees for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 rendered by SRCO relate to professional services rendered for the audits of
our financial statements, quarterly reviews, and review of documents filed with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
audit committee has adopted a policy that sets forth the procedures and conditions pursuant to which audit and non-audit services proposed
to be performed by the independent auditor may be pre-approved. The policy generally provides that we will not engage SRCO to render
any audit, audit-related, tax or permissible non-audit service unless the service is explicitly approved by the audit committee. Any
service to be provided by SRCO requires specific pre-approval by the audit committee or by a designated member of the audit committee
to whom the committee has delegated the authority to grant pre-approvals. Any proposed services exceeding pre-approved cost levels or
budgeted amounts will also require specific pre-approval. For pre-approval the audit committee will consider whether such services are
consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. 

65 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1)
For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual
Report, incorporated into this Item by reference. 

(2)
Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is
included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Bright Green Corporation and Bright Green Grown Innovation LLC dated May 28, 2019, filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Bright Green Corporation and Grants Greenhouse Growers Inc. dated as of October 30, 2020, filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Bright Green Corporation and Naseeb Inc. dated as of November 10, 2020, filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Bright Green Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Memorandum of Agreement between Bright Green Corporation and the Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement 7 Administration, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 10.2 
 
 Line of Credit Note, dated June 4, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement with Edward Robinson, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 10.4 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Saleem Elmasri, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 7, 2022, by and between the Company and the purchasers thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 
 
 10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated September 12, 2022, by and between the Company and the purchasers thereto, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 
 
 10.7 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement dated September 12, 2022 by and between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 

66 

10.8 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated September 22, 2022, by and between Bright Green Corporation. and Terry Rafih filed, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2022. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Secondary Stock Purchase Agreement and Release dated October 3, 2022, by and among Bright Green Corporation, Alterola Biotech, Inc. and the Sellers (as defined therein), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2022. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment and Restated Line of Credit Note, dated November 14, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Bright Green Corporation 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2022. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and between Bright Green Corporation. and Seamus McAuley, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the registrant, filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of SRCO, C.P.A., Professional Corporation 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

#Certain
schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(A)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies
of omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC or its staff upon its request. 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

67 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

BRIGHT GREEN CORPORATION 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Seamus
 McAuley 

Name: 
 Seamus McAuley 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Seamus McAuley 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Seamus
 McAuley, Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Saleem Elmasri 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Saleem
 Elmasri, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Terry Rafih 
 
 Executive
 Chairman 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Terry Rafih, Executive
 Chairman 

/s/
 Alfie Morgan 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Alfie Morgan, Director 

/s/
 Lynn Stockwell 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Lynn
 Stockwell, Director 

/s/
 Dean Valore 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Dean
 Valore, Director 

/s/
 Robert Arnone 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Arnone, Director 

68 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Bright Green Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bright Green Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as at December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Material
Uncertainty Related to Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations, has negative cash flows from operating activities,
and has an accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 
 
 April
17, 2023 
 
 /s/ SRCO, C.P.A., Professional
Corporation 
 
 CERTIFIED
 PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

F- 2 

BRIGHT
GREEN CORPORATION 

 Balance Sheets 

 As
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Deposits (Note 5 and 10) 
 
 - 
 
 Equity method investment (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Property, plant, and equipment (Note 8) 

Intangible assets (Note 9) 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities (Note 14) 

Due to others (Note 6) 
 
 - 
 
 Due to related party (Note 14) 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Due to related party (Note 14) 
 - 

Related party line of credit note (Note 11) 
 
 - 
 
 Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock; par value; stock authorized; and stock issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (Note 12) 

Additional paid-in capital (Note 12) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Going Concern (Note 2) 

Commitments (Note 10) 

Contingencies (Note 15) 

Subsequent events (Note 16) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

F- 3 

BRIGHT
GREEN CORPORATION 

 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Expense 

Change in Fair Value of Voting Agreement Derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Total Other Expense 
 
 - 

Loss before income taxes and equity in net losses of affiliate 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss before equity in net losses of affiliate 

Equity in net losses of affiliate 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
financial statements 

F- 4 

BRIGHT
GREEN CORPORATION 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 issued 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock to be 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 issued 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for services (Note 12) 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash (Note 12) 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

Balance 

- 

Common stock issued for cash (Note 12) 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock and warrants
 issued for cash in private placement, net of issuance costs of (Note 12) 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for services (Note 12) 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock cancelled that was issued for services (Note 12) 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 () 
 () 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 5 

BRIGHT GREEN CORPORATION 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed in United States Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of voting agreement derivative 
 
 - 
 
 Equity in net losses of affiliate 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

- 
 - 
 
 Deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of property, plant, and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

- 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from related party 
 - 

Payments to related party 
 - 

Proceeds from related party line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Payments to related party line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, 

issued in private placement, net of issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID FOR 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Due to others for purchase of Common stock in Alterola Biotech, Inc. 
 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 

F- 6 

BRIGHT
GREEN CORPORATION 

 Notes
to the Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed
in United States Dollars) 

 , under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Company is located in
Grants, New Mexico. The Company holds the land, greenhouse and patents required in the growth, production, and research of medicinal
plants. 

On
May 28, 2019, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Bright Green Grow Innovation, LLC BGGI (Note 7). 

On
October 30, 2020, Grants Greenhouse Growers, Inc. (GGGI), a New Mexico corporation, merged with the Company (Note 7). 

On
November 10, 2020, Naseeb, Inc. (Naseeb), a New Mexico corporation, merged with the Company (Note 7). 

On
March 29, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which was declared effective May 13, 2022, (as
amended, the Registration Statement ), in connection with the direct listing of the Company s common stock with the
Capital Market of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). 

On
May 17, 2022, the Company s common stock commenced trading on Nasdaq under the symbol BGXX. 

The
Company is a start-up company at December 31, 2022 and has revenue. 

The
Company s operations could be significantly adversely affected by the effects of a widespread global outbreak of a contagious disease,
including the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19. The Company cannot accurately predict the impact COVID-19 will
have on its operations and the ability of others to meet their obligations with the Company, including uncertainties relating to the
ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and the length of travel and quarantine
restrictions imposed by governments of affected countries. In addition, a significant outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population
could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting
in an economic downturn that could further affect the Company s operations and ability to finance its operations. 

 and , respectively. Net cash used in operations for
years ended 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit
and accumulated deficit of and , respectively. 

The Company is in its initial stages
to start building facilities to grow, research and distribute medical plants. The Company has historically financed its operations
through the sale of equity securities and debt financing. The Company does not have sufficient working capital to pay its operating expenses for a period of at least 12 months from the date the
financial statements were authorized to be issued. The Company s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to
execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing. The Company has developed plans to raise funds and continues
to pursue sources of funding that management believes, if successful, would be sufficient to support the Company s operating plan. 

In 2022, the Company raised 
through common stock issuances. The Company also secured a 
line of credit from a related party, has drawn 
and paid down , leaving
available 
million to draw from that credit facility (Note 11). However, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern due to the necessity to generate positive cash flows from operations and/or obtain additional financing.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to generate positive cash flows from operations or obtain additional financing
on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

In
addition, the Company s current and future operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited
to, general economic conditions, competition, and regulatory matters. The Company s operating plan is predicated on a variety of assumptions including, but not limited to, the level of product demand,
cost estimates, its ability to continue to raise additional financing and the state of the general economic environment in which the Company
operates. 

These
risks and uncertainties may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operating results.
Management has taken actions to address the Company s liquidity needs, including managing expenses, developing pathways to
revenue, and pursuing additional financing, such as the EB-5 Capital Program announced on February 1, 2023 (Note 16). However, there can be
no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to enable the Company to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance
that these assumptions will prove accurate in all material respects, or that the Company will be able to successfully execute its
operating plan. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts
and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company does not have any short or long-term contractual purchases with suppliers for future purchases, capital expenditure commitments
that cannot be cancelled with minimal fees, non-cancelable operating leases, or any commitment or contingency that would hinder management s
ability to scale down operations and management expenses until funding is raised. 

The
Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the outcome of the matters described above. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

This
disclosure is intended to inform users of the financial statements about the Company s current financial condition and its ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company will continue to monitor its liquidity position and take appropriate actions as necessary
to address any potential going concern issues. 

year life 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures - straight-line method 

year life 

Construction
in progress is not depreciated until the asset is placed in service. 

3.
 
 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Change in fair value 

Balance on December 31, 2022 
 - 

F . 
 Investments under the equity method 

When the Company does not have a controlling
financial interest in an entity but can exert significant influence over the entity s operating and financial policies, the investment
is accounted for either (i) under the equity method of accounting or (ii) at fair value by electing the fair value option available under
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Significant influence generally exists when the Company owns 20 to
50 of the entity s common stock or in-substance common stock. The Company generally recognizes its share of the equity method investee s
earnings on a three-month lag in instances where the investee s financial information is not sufficiently timely from the Company s
reporting period. 

Under the equity method of accounting, investments are initially recorded
at cost, including transaction costs incurred to acquire the investment, and thereafter adjusted for additional investments, distributions and the proportionate share of earnings or losses of the investee.
The Company evaluated the equity method investment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that an other-than-temporary
decline in value may have occurred. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company evaluates all its financial
instruments to determine if such instruments contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. Embedded derivatives must be
separately measured from the host contract if all the requirements for bifurcation are met. The assessment of the conditions
surrounding the bifurcation of embedded derivatives depends on the nature of the host contract. Bifurcated embedded derivatives are
recognized at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss each period.
Bifurcated embedded derivatives are classified with the related host contract in the Company s Balance Sheet. 

 and for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

3.
 
 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 
 
 . For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test,
no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

 revenue. The Company s
reportable segments and operating segments will include its growth, production and research of medicinal plants operations. 

3.
 
 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

3.
 
 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

M.
 
 Warrants
 (continued) 

the
requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary
shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s
control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted
at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For issued or
modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of
additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification,
the warrants are required to be recorded at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

3.
 
 Summary
 of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

N. 
 Standards,
 Amendments, and Interpretations Adopted (continued) 

2) 
 Leases
 (continued) 

The
new standard became effective for public business entities on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The new standard became
effective for the Company on May 17, 2022, the date the Company became a public entity. The Company adopted this accounting policy as
of May 17, 2022. 

A
modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after,
the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available.
While the Company continues to evaluate certain aspects of the new standard, including those still being revised by the FASB, the new
standard does not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has one month to month lease, whereas
the new standard does not apply. 

3) 
 Fair
 Value Measurement 

In
August 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework
- Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement , which changes the fair value measurement disclosure requirements
of ASC 820. This update was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within those fiscal
years. Effective October 4, 2022, the Company adopted FASB guidance on the recognition and measurement of financial instruments (Note
6). 

 . The Company had in
excess of the FDIC insured limit at December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock, 
par value, of which 
shares are issued and outstanding. The Sellers Transferred Shares consisted of, in aggregate, 
shares of Common Stock, which were sold to Bright Green for a purchase price of ,
pursuant to the payment schedule set forth in the Secondary SPA. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a liability to the Sellers
of 
due on April 28, 2023. The liability is not interest bearing and not secured. Following the receipt of each installment payment, the
Sellers agreed to loan to Alterola the proceeds such Seller received from the foregoing sale of its Transferred Shares, pursuant to
a loan agreement. 

The Sellers held of Alterola s
total outstanding shares prior to the closing of the Secondary SPA. As a result of this transaction, Bright Green obtained ownership or
voting power of approximately of the total outstanding shares of Alterola. 

Concurrently with the signing of the Secondary
SPA, Bright Green and the Sellers entered into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement whereby the Sellers agree to vote
in favor of the adoption of an agreement to effect Bright Green s acquisition of Alterola or the Alterola s merger into Bright
Green or a subsidiary of Bright Green, as the case may be, pursuant to additional terms set forth in the Voting Agreement. The agreement
will terminate upon the earlier of eight months from the date of the agreement or written notice by Bright Green. 

Concurrently with the execution of the Voting
Agreement, each Stockholder agrees to deliver to Bright Green an Irrevocable Proxy Proxy ). million. It is anticipated that the balance of the enterprise
value will be paid as 20 of each shareholding in cash and the remaining 80 in Bright Green stock . 

The Company accounted for the
transaction under the equity method and recoded the carrying value of the Company s investment in Alterola common shares at
cost, including transaction costs incurred to obtain the equity method investment of in equity method investment in the
balance sheet. 

The following table provides summarized
balance sheet information for Alterola as of December 31, 2022: 

Schedule of Financial Statement Information 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Equity 

The following table provides summarized
income statement information for Alterola for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 December
 31, 2021 

Total revenues 
 - 

- 

Net loss 

Our ownership percentage of of Alterola
allows us to have significant influence over the operations and decision making at Alterola. Accordingly, the investment is accounted
for as an equity method investment. Our share of net loss from our investment in Alterola was for the period from October 3,
2022 through the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On April 4, 2023, we announced our intention to acquire the remaining issued
and outstanding common stock of Alterola (Note 16). 

Voting
Agreement 

The
Voting Agreement was initially measured at fair value utilizing the Black-Scholes-option-pricing model based on the following assumptions:
dividend rate of , risk free rate of , term of years, volatility of , 

As
of December 31, 2022, the value of the option was impaired to nil to reflect the likelihood that the option would be exercised according
to the terms set forth and prior to expiry. 

7. 
 Merger
 Transactions 

A. 
 Bright
 Green Grow Innovations, LLC Merger 

On
May 28, 2019, the Company entered into a merger agreement with BGGI. Pursuant to the merger agreement, BGGI transferred to the Company
two parcels of land and a greenhouse building having a total net carrying value of in exchange for shares of the Company (Note
8). The land transfer consisted of a -acre lot with a greenhouse at 1033 George Hanosh Blvd., Grants, New Mexico 87020 and a -acre
lot in the City of Grants, New Mexico. The Company assessed that the merger transaction did not qualify as a business combination in
accordance with the provisions 

7. 
 Merger
 Transactions (continued) 

A. 
 Bright
 Green Grow Innovations, LLC Merger (continued) 

of
ASC 805. The Company accounted for the merger as an acquisition of assets. Since, under ASC 850, the merger was considered as a related
party transaction by virtue of common ownership and management, the assets transferred to the Company have been accounted for at historical
carrying values of BGGI. 

B. 
 Grants
 Greenhouse Growers, Inc. Merger 

On
October 30, 2020, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Grants Greenhouse Growers, Inc. GGG (the GGG
Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the GGG Merger Agreement, GGG was merged into the Company in exchange for shares of the
Company. GGG had no assets or liabilities, other than the following options agreements: 

-
 
 A
 Real Estate Option Agreement dated October 5, 2020, and expiring on December 31, 2021, for monthly payments up until June
 30, 2021, and monthly payments from July 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021, with a one-year extension starting on January 1, 2022
 for monthly payments, with the option to purchase acres for per acre. 

-
 
 A
 Real Estate Option Agreement dated October 21, 2020, and expiring on December 31, 2021, for monthly payments, with a one-year
 extension starting on January 1, 2022 for monthly payments, with the option to purchase acres for per acre. 

The
Company assessed that the merger transaction did not qualify as a business combination in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805.
The Company accounted for the merger as an acquisition of assets. The asset acquisition was accounted for at the fair value of the options
agreement of 
 determined using the Black Scholes Model and management had assessed the value of these options to be impaired due to uncertainty surrounding their
recoverability. 

C.
 
 Naseeb,
 Inc. Merger 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company entered into a merger agreement with Naseeb, Inc. Naseeb and the sole shareholder of Naseeb,
who is also a shareholder and Chairman of the Company. Pursuant to the Naseeb merger agreement, Naseeb was merged into the Company in
exchange for shares of the Company. Naseeb 

7. 
 Merger
 Transactions (continued) 

C.
 
 Naseeb,
 Inc. Merger (continued) 

transferred
to the Company their assistance that was used by the Company towards obtaining the following licenses and patents to the Company: 

- 
 New
 Mexico Hemp License: Industrial Hemp is an agricultural plant that uses all the byproducts of the plant such as seeds and twigs
 in the production of hemp seed, hemp fiber, and other eco-friendly products. 

- 
 New
 Mexico Board of Pharmacy Schedule 1 Bulk Manufacturers License: Securing the license was required as part of the application
 and consideration for a federal license. Additionally, being licensed as a Schedule 1 Bulk Manufacturer allows the Company to develop
 and distribute Schedule 1 drugs; an authorization precedent to the ability to grow, extract and distribute other cannabidiols, such
 as CBG and CBN. Moreover, with this license, the Company is exempt from the restrictions generally applicable to the cannabis industry,
 such as plant count and per plant taxes. 

- 
 Federal
 Medical Marijuana License: The Company has a formal agreement with the Drug Enforcement Administration for the construction and
 operation of a federally licensed agricultural center to grow and distribute marijuana, or its chemical constituents, supplying legitimate
 researchers in the United States. 

- 
 Patents:
 The patents held by the Company provide innovative medical therapies to a wide range of conditions. These patents can be sold,
 licensed, or directly marketed as clinical trials are conducted and approved by the FDA. 

The
Company assessed that the merger transaction did not qualify as a business combination in accordance with the provisions of ASC 805.
The Company accounted for the merger as an acquisition of assets. Since, under ASC 850, the merger was considered as a related party
transaction by virtue of common ownership and management, the assets transferred to the Company have been accounted for at historical
cost of Naseeb of (Note 9). 

 -acre modern Dutch Venlo style glass greenhouse situated on acres in Grants, New Mexico.
It is being retrofitted for growing, processing and distribution of medicinal plants, including Marijuana, for medical researchers licensed
by the Drug Enforcement Administration. 

8. 
 Property,
 Plant, and Equipment (continued) 

- 
 
 Land 

Construction in progress 

Building and improvement 

Property, plant, and equipment gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net property, plant, and equipment 

The
amount of interest costs capitalized and included in construction in progress totaled and nil at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively (Note 11). 

Accumulated amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net intangible assets 

. The Company made a deposit totaling as of December 31, 2022 (Note 5). The remaining balance
of is due upon delivery. The Company also entered into and paid in full a construction contract for as of December
31, 2022 (Note 5). The construction to be performed under this contract will occur in 2023. 

million, including an initial loan in the amount of million, through June 4, 2025 (the June Note Maturity Date from
Lender. Prior to the June Note Maturity Date, the Company may borrow up to an additional million under the June Note, at Lender s
sole discretion, and subject to the Company s request of such additional funds form Lender (each loan furnished under the June
Note individually, a Loan, and collectively, the Loans ). The Company has the right, but not the obligation,
to prepay any Loan, in whole or in part, prior to the June Note Maturity Date. Interest 

11. Related Party Line of Credit Note (continued) 

on
the unpaid principal amount of any Loan accrues through the earlier of the June Note Maturity Date or the date of prepayment on such
Loan, at a rate of per annum plus the Prime Rate (the rate of interest per annum announced from time to time by JPMorgan Chase Bank
as its prime rate). If the principal and interest, if any, of any Loan is not paid in full on the Maturity Date, additional penalty interest
will accrue on such Loan in the amount of per annum. The Company amended the line of credit on November 14, 2022, to increase the
capacity by 10 million. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Lender has funded the Company with the Company paying back of those funds. As of December
31, 2022, there was accrued interest of . The funds have been used for the construction in progress and interest expense of 
has been capitalized (Note 8). 

The
note was drawn on for 
to pay off the Due to Related Party and was paid down ,
subsequent to year end (Note 16). On January 31, 2023, LDS Capital LLC assigned the note to its sole member, Lynn
Stockwell, who is a member of the Board and majority shareholder of the Company (Note 16). 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company drew an additional on the June Note, leaving available million to draw from that credit facility. 

 shares of par value common stock and shares of par value preferred stock.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, of common shares issued and outstanding. The
Company has not issued any preferred shares to date. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued the following: 

- 
 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of
 
 per share, for gross cash proceeds of ,
to one accredited investor in January 2022; 

- 
 
 shares of common stock for services rendered,
at a fair value of 
 per share determined using the per share purchase
price of (the 4.00 Round ), to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, in April 2022; 

- 
 
 shares of common stock that were issued in January
2021 to a director of the Company, for services valued at 
 per share, were cancelled in April 2022; 

- 
 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of
 
 per share, for gross cash proceeds of ,
to two accredited investors in May 2022; 

- 
 
 shares of common stock for services rendered
in connection with the Direct Listing to the Company s advisor, or its permitted designees, contemporaneous with the Direct Listing
and consistent with the direct listing price of per share in June 2022; 

- 
 
 shares of common stock that were issued in June
2019 to a consultant of the Company, for services valued at 
 per share determined using an asset approach,
were cancelled in June 2022; 

12. 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

-

shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, in a private placement offering,
 in September 2022 (the September 2022 Private Placement and 

- 
 
 shares of common stock for services rendered, with (i) 
 shares issued at a fair value of 
 per share, (ii) 
 shares at a fair value of 
 per share, and (iii) 
 shares at a fair value of 
 per share, to the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in December 2022. 

On
September 7, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with investors. The
combined purchase price of one Share and accompanying Warrant was . Subject to certain ownership limitations, the Warrants are exercisable
immediately after issuance at an exercise price equal to per share of Common Stock (the Exercise Price ), subject
to adjustments as provided under the terms of the Warrants. The Warrants have a term of five years from the date of issuance. The September
2022 Private Placement closed on September 12, 2022. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately million before deducting
transaction related fees and expenses payable by the Company . On February 1, 2023, 
of the Warrants were redeemed for (Note 16). 

In
connection with the September Private Placement, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the investors. The Company s
registration statement on Form S-1 to register the securities issued in the September Private Placement went effective on September
21, 2022. 

Transaction
costs incurred related to the September Private Placement include the following: (i) placement agent fees of , (ii) legal expenses
of , and (iii) escrow agent expenses of . 

September
Warrants 

The
measurement of fair value was determined utilizing a Monte Carlo simulation considering all relevant assumptions current at the date
of issuance (i.e., share price of , exercise price of , term of , volatility of , risk-free rate of ,
probability of dilutive issuance of , estimated timing of dilutive issuance of four and a half months, and expected time to conversion
of five years). The grant date fair value of these Warrants were estimated to be on September 12, 2022 of the gross proceeds
and is reflected within additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued the following: 

- 
 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, for gross cash proceed of to thirty accredited investors
 between January 2021 and October 2021, with (i) shares issued in January 2021, which includes the shares issued for
 cash proceeds of received as of December 31, 2020, (ii) shares issued in March 2021, (iii) shares issued
 in May 2021, (iv) shares issued in June 2021, and (v) shares issued in September 2021 and shares issued in
 October 2021 (the Round 

12. 
 Stockholders 
 Equity (continued) 

- 
 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, for gross cash proceeds of to one hundred eighty-eight accredited
 investors in September and October 2021 with (i) shares in September 2021, and (ii) shares issued in October 2021
 (the Round 

- 
 
 shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, for gross cash proceeds of , to 12 accredited investors in
 October and December 2021, with (i) shares in October 2021, and (ii) shares issued in December 2021 (the 
 Round 

-

shares of common stock for services rendered, at a fair value of per share determined using the per share purchase price of
 the Round, to five consultants, with (i) shares issued in January 2021 and (ii) shares issued in May 2021; 

-

shares of common stock for services rendered, at a fair value of per share determined using the per share purchase price of
 (the Round ), to three directors of the Company, with (i) shares issued in January 2021 and (ii) 
 shares issued in February 2021; 

-

shares of common stock for services rendered, at fair value at per share determined using the per share purchase price of (the
 Round ), to two directors of the Company, in September 2021; and 

-

shares of common stock for services rendered, at fair value at per share determined using the per share purchase price of (the
 Round ), to three consultants in November 2021. 

13.
 
 Income
Taxes (continued) 

The
current and deferred income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were nil . The provision for income taxes differs from that computed at a combined corporate tax rate of approximately 
(2021 as follows: 

The (benefit) provision for income taxes for 2022 and 2021 consists of the following: 

Current: 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current (benefit) provision 
 - 
 - 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total current (benefit) provision 

Valuation allowance 

Total (benefit) provision 
 - 
 - 

Net operating loss carry over 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company decided that a valuation allowance
relating to the above deferred tax assets of the Company was necessary, largely based on the negative evidence represented by losses incurred
and a determination that it is not more likely than not to realize these assets, such that, a corresponding valuation allowance, for each
respective period, was recorded to offset deferred tax assets. Management has based its assessment on the Company s lack of profitable
operating history. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has approximately and respectively, of Federal
net operating losses available to reduce taxable income of future years. The federal loss carryforward expires indefinitely and the
state loss carryforward expires in 2039. The benefit from the non-capital loss carry-forward balance has not been recorded in the financial
statements. 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal jurisdiction and the state of New Mexico
income taxes. Management has not filed federal or state income tax returns due to incurring cumulative losses. Therefore, the Company s
actual tax position may differ from their book position. In the event that the Company is assessed interest or penalties at some point
in the future, it will be classified in the financial statements as tax expense. 

 and , respectively. The balance represents advances
from the majority shareholder for payment of Company expenses. The amount is unsecured, non-interest bearing with no terms of repayment.
The shareholder has agreed in writing that no payment will be required by the Company to the lender prior to January 31, 2023. On February
1, 2023, this loan was paid in full with a draw on the line of credit (Note 16). 

14.
 
 Related
 Party Transactions (continued) 

Included in common stock issued for
services during the year ended December 31, 2022, were 
shares of common stock issued to the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company (Note 12). 

Included
in common stock issued for services during the year ended December 31, 2022, were shares of common stock issued to the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company (Note 12). 

Included
in common stock issued for services during the year ended December 31, 2021, were shares of common stock issued to the
five directors of the Company (Note 12). 

At
December 31, 2022, 
 was due to the Company s former interim
Chief Executive Officer, who also is a shareholder. The amount, which includes in accrued bonus is included in accrued liabilities
in the Balance Sheet. The accrued bonus is expected to be paid in the first quarter of 2024 and is subject to Board of Director approvals. 

At
December 31, 2022, was due to a company wholly owned by the Company s Chief Financial Officer, who also is a shareholder.
The amount is included in accounts payable in the Balance Sheet. 

At
December 31, 2022, was due to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, who also is a shareholder. The amount is included
in accounts payable in the Balance Sheet. 

At
December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the line of credit of was due to a Lender, whose managing member is a member
of the Board (Note 11). The amount is included in the related party line of credit note in the Balance Sheet. 

The
related party line of credit note was drawn on to pay in full, the related party loan balance of , and was paid down 
subsequent to year end (Note 16). 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company drew an additional 
on the June Note (Note 16). 

15.
 
 Contingencies
 (continued) 

Bright
Green Corporation v. John Fikany, State of New Mexico, County of Cibola, Thirteenth Judicial District . In this matter, the
Company filed a complaint for declaratory judgment against a consultant of the Defendant counterclaimed and filed a third-party claim against a director of the Company, and her spouse, for claims
including wrongful termination and breach of contract. The Company denies defendants allegations and have set forth arguments
refuting defendant s counterclaims and third-party claims. The case is in the discovery phase. The Company is exploring
potential dispositive motions against the counter and third-party claims. 

Bright
Green Corporation v. Jerry Capussi, State of New Mexico, County of Cibola, Thirteenth Judicial District . In this matter, the
Company and defendant, a former consultant of Sunnyland Farms Inc., an entity unrelated to the Company, have each filed claims for
declaratory judgment seeking to determine by court order whether defendant is entitled to . The lawsuit is in early discovery stages, and the Company is preparing arguments for a summary
judgment motion. There are no claims for specific monetary liability against either party. 

 . 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company initiated their EB-5 Program, whereby they may issue up to an aggregate of shares of common
stock to accredited or institutional investors, at a price of per share. 

On
February 1, 2023, of the September Warrants were redeemed for . 

On
February 6, 2023, through a cashless conversion, the related party line of credit note was paid down 
in exchange for an 
investment for 
shares of the Company s common stock valued at 
pursuant to the EB-5 Program. 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company drew an additional 
on the June Note, leaving available million to draw from that credit
facility. 

On March 27, 2023, we received an additional investment for 
shares of the Company s common stock valued at pursuant to the EB-5 Program. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company issued shares to the former Chief
Executive Officer, Terry Rafih, pursuant to his employment agreement. 

On
April 4, 2023, we announced our intention to acquire the remaining issued and outstanding common stock of Alterola. 

F- 24 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (THE EXCHANGE ACT 

The
following summary of the material terms of Bright Green Corporation s we, our, us or
the Company securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. The
descriptions below are qualified by reference to the actual text of our certificate of incorporation, as amended and restated (the Certificate
of Incorporation ), and our bylaws, as amended and restated (the Bylaws ). We urge you to read our Certificate of
Incorporation in its entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

General 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ),
of which 174,423,810 are issued and outstanding as of April, 10, 2023, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share,
of which none are issued or outstanding, as of the date hereof. 

Common
Stock 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were 174,423,810 shares of our Common Stock outstanding held by approximately 95 stockholders of record.
Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that: 

holders
 of Common Stock will have voting rights for the election of our directors and all other matters requiring stockholder action, except
 with respect to amendments to our certificate of incorporation that alter or change the powers, preferences, rights or other terms
 of any outstanding preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled to vote on such an amendment; 

holders
 of Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share on matters to be voted on by stockholders and also will be entitled to receive
 such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors (the Board in its discretion
 out of funds legally available therefor; 

the
 payment of dividends, if any, on the Common Stock will be subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding preferred
 stock; 

upon
 our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets remaining available
 for distribution to stockholders after payment of all liabilities and provision for the liquidation of any shares of preferred stock
 outstanding at that time; and 

our
 stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
 to the Common Stock. 

Certain
Anti-takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally has
an anti-takeover effect for transactions not approved in advance by our Board. This may discourage takeover attempts that might result
in payment of a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by stockholders. In general, Section 203 prohibits
a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder 
for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is
approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or
other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person
who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder
status, 15 or more of our voting stock. 

Under
Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the
following conditions: 

before the
 stockholder became interested, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
 in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; or 

upon consummation
 of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested outstanding, shares owned by: 

persons who are directors
 and also officers, and 

employee stock plans, in
 some instances; or 

at or after the time the
 stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the board of directors are authorized at an annual or special
 meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by
 the interested stockholder. 

Exclusive
Forum 

Our
Bylaws provide, and Certificate of Incorporation provides, that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of
breach of a fiduciary duty owed by our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
shall be a state or federal court located within the state of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court s having personal jurisdiction
over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of
our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the above forum exclusivity provisions. The enforceability of similar
choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation and bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings,
and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

The
forum selection provision is intended to apply to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
Bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called by the chairman of the Board, the Board, president of
the Company, or by the Board upon written request by the holders of a majority of the voting authority of the Company. 

Requirements
for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 

Our
Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice needs to be delivered to the secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the day nor
earlier than the close of business on the day prior to the first anniversary of the date on which we first mailed our proxy materials
for the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, if no proxy materials were mailed by us in connection
with the preceding year s annual meeting, or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than days prior to or delayed by
more than days after the anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, a stockholder s notice shall be timely if delivered
to our principal executive offices not later than the 90th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders or the
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our
Bylaws specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders
from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Authorized
but unissued shares 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and preferred stock are available for future
issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise
additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and
preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer,
merger or otherwise. 

Removal
of directors 

Our
Bylaws provide that a member of our Board may be removed from service as a director, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote
of the holders of a majority of the shares of voting stock then outstanding and entitled to vote in an election of directors. 

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our
Bylaws provide that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these provisions, insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
directors and officers. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol BGXX. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 18 Lafayette
Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. The transfer agent and registrar can be contacted by phone at: (212) 828-8436. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

SRCO, C.P.A., Professional Corporation 
 Certified Public Accountants 
 14 Wynngate Lane 
 Amherst, NY 14221 
 U.S. A 
 
 Tel: 416 428 1391 416 671 7292 
 Fax: 905 882 9580 
 Email: info@srco.ca 
 www.srco.ca 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the use of our report dated April 17, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Bright Green Corporation as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our report relating to
those financial statements includes an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. 

/s/
 SRCO, C.P.A., Professional Corporation 

Amherst,
NY 

 April
17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seamus McAuley, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bright Green Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Seamus McAuley 

Seamus
 McAuley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 RULES
13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Saleem Elmasri, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bright Green Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
 to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Saleem Elmasri 

Saleem
 Elmasri 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Bright Green Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Seamus McAuley 

Seamus
 McAuley 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Bright Green Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Saleem Elmasri 

Saleem
 Elmasri 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 bgxx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 bgxx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 bgxx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 bgxx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

