<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1662574_0001683168-23-002483.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10251561</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>368647</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1675914</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2997122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2207173</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2743345</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002483.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171441
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002483
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Grom Social Enterprises, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662574
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				205566275
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40409
		FILM NUMBER:		23824724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2060 NW BOCA RATON BLVD. #6
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-287-5776

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2060 NW BOCA RATON BLVD. #6
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Illumination America, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151230

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002483.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 grom_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from ________ to
 _________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

The Capital Market 

The Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
or emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
was . 

As of April 14, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 28 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 38 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 39 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 39 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 41 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 41 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 47 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 49 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 50 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 53 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 57 
 
 Signatures 
 
 58 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

When used in this Annual Report, including
the documents that we have incorporated by reference, in future filings with the SEC or in press releases or other written or oral
communications, statements which are not historical in nature, including those containing words such as believe, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate, plan, continue, 
 intend, should, may or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases
which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters, are intended to
identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )).
Discussions containing forward-looking statements may be found in the material set forth under Business , Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and in other sections of this Annual Report. 

Forward-looking statements are necessarily subjective,
are based upon our current plans, intentions, objectives, goals, strategies, beliefs, projections and expectations, and involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors. 

Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether,
or the times by which, our performance or results may be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the
time those statements are made and management s belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. Important factors that may cause
actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking
statements include, without limitation, those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in this Annual Report. All forward-looking
statements in this report are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we assume no
obligation to update any forward-looking statement . 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We were incorporated in the State of Florida on
April 14, 2014 under the name Illumination America, Inc. 

On August 17, 2017, we acquired Grom Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Grom Holdings ), pursuant to a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement entered into on May 15, 2017 (the Share Exchange ). In connection with the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of Grom Holdings from Grom Holdings stockholders in exchange for an aggregate of 115,473 shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. As a result of the Share Exchange, the stockholders of Grom Holdings acquired
approximately 92 of the Company s then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Grom Holdings became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. In connection with the Share Exchange, on August 17, 2017, we changed our name to Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 

We are a media, technology and entertainment company
that focuses on (i) delivering content to children under the age of 13 years in a safe secure platform that is compliant with the Children s
Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA and can be monitored by parents or guardians, (ii) creating, acquiring, and developing
the commercial potential of Kids Family entertainment properties and associated business opportunities, (iii) providing world class
animation services, and (iv) offering protective web filtering solutions to block unwanted or inappropriate content. We conduct our business
through our following subsidiaries: 

Grom Social, Inc. Grom Social ), incorporated in the State of Florida on March 5, 2012, operates our social media network designed for children under the age of 13 years. 

TD Holdings Limited TD Holdings ), incorporated in Hong Kong on September 15, 2005, operates through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) Top Draw Animation Hong Kong Limited, a Hong Kong corporation Top Draw HK ), and (ii) Top Draw Animation, Inc., a Philippines corporation Top Draw Philippines ). The group s principal activities are the production of animated films and television series. 

Grom Educational Services, Inc. GES ), incorporated in the State of Florida on January 17, 2017, operates our web filtering services provided to schools and government agencies. 

Grom Nutritional Services, Inc. GNS ), incorporated in the State of Florida on April 19, 2017, intends to market and distribute nutritional supplements to children. It has been nonoperational since its inception. 

Curiosity Ink Media, LLC CIM ), organized in the State of Delaware on January 5, 2017, develops, acquires, builds, grows and maximizes the short, mid and long-term commercial potential of kids and family entertainment properties and associated business opportunities. 

We own 100 of each of Grom Social, TD Holdings,
GES and GNS, and 80 of Curiosity. 

Grom Social, Inc. 

Grom Social is a media, technology and entertainment
company for kids focused on producing original content on Grom Social s website, www.gromsocial.com and mobile application.
Visitors to the Grom Social website may log on via mobile phone, desktop computer or tablet and chat with friends, view original content
or play games created by us. 

The name Grom is derived from Australian
surfing slang and is defined by us to mean a promising young individual who is quick to learn. Grom Social was conceptualized
and developed in 2012 by Zachary Marks, who was 12 years old at the time. He is the son of our Chief Executive Officer, Darren Marks. 

1 

Our business model is based upon providing children
under the age of 13 with a safe environment on the Internet while promoting fun, wholesomeness and family
values. We require that each child receive parental approval prior to gaining full access to the Grom Social platform. In certain
jurisdictions and circumstances, we allow parents, teachers and guardians (collectively, Guardians to sign up groups of
children at one time. If a Guardian s approval is not granted, a child s account will not be opened. If a child does not follow
the proper registration process, he or she will be considered a user with limited access. Limited access does not allow the child to chat
with other children or visit certain sections of the platform. 

Based on data provided by Google Data Analytics
and Joomla Management Systems, in February 2021, our platforms have generated approximately 25.0 million users in over 200 countries and
territories since our inception in 2012. We define a user as any child under the age of 13 who registers for a Grom Social
account through the website or downloads the Grom Social app from a mobile app store, and any parent who registers for a Grom Social account
and any student or faculty that uses our NetSpective web filtering platform. 

Monthly active users MAUs is a
usage metric which reveals the total number of users who visit our platforms within a 30-day period. As of March 1, 2022, there were approximately
1.8 million MAUs on all platforms. 

Based upon statistics provided by the Joomla Management
System and Google Analytics, the average online duration of users logged onto our Grom Social platforms is approximately 51 minutes. 

Grom Social App 

In May 2019, our Grom Social mobile application
(or app for Apple Store and Google Play Store was approved within each platform s family designated section. The
Apple Store markets iPhone operating system IOS applications for download solely on Apple devices. The Google Play Store
markets applications for download on Android devices. 

We communicate with the children through messaging
on a child s profile page and through seventeen unique Grom characters that engage with children with many additional fun 
and safety features. 

We believe our mobile app is the only children s
app where kids can: 

Record videos of themselves to post in a social environment and use enhanced facial features, masks, and filters while doing so; 

upload videos that are COPPA compliant; 

View 1,450 hours of exclusive Grom TV content - video on demand platform for kids which is free and curated to provide only safe and educational content for children. 

Message with cartoon characters and cast members; 

Communicate with users and parents regardless of where they may be navigating on the Grom Social website. This feature eliminates the need to leave the section of the site in which they are engaged. 

We have established the following safeguards and
procedures which we believe will ensure our Grom Social platform is a safe place for children: 

Account Approval: We have account creation procedures to help ensure that only children under the age of 13 can create an account. If a child submits a request to open an account on the Grom Social website or mobile apps, we send an email notification to his or her parents that their child has applied to create a Grom Social account. If the child s parents approve the account, by using one of three methods that are approved by COPPA guidelines, the account is opened. If a parent s approval is not given, the account will not be opened, and the child will have limited access to the Grom Social website. 

Parental Involvement : By requiring parental approval for a child to open an account and to interact with other users on Grom Social, we hope to ensure that parents are aware of and involved with their child s activity on the website. Further, we believe that parental involvement provides us with the ability to market products and services to parents. 

2 

Digital Citizenship Educational Content Children are encouraged to take and pass an internet safety course and receive a Digital Citizen License from us in order to gain increased access to the features provided on the Grom Social platforms. 

Limited Data Collection of Child and Parent No digital profiles will be built for children or parents. The information we collect is for analytical data only and is limited to parent email, birthdate, gender and country locations. 

Content Monitoring : We have software that monitors posts for inappropriate content using standard keyword filter technology. If a post contains inappropriate content, it will not appear on the platform and the poster will be sent a warning about offensive content. We believe that through monitoring content we can promote social responsibility and digital citizenship. We view this as a learning opportunity but will ban users if the problem persists. 

Anti-bullying : We have software that monitors the Grom Social website for bullying. In addition to monitoring the interaction between children on the website, we also post messages that strongly emphasize anti-bullying and actively promotes social responsibility and digital citizenship. Additionally, our platform has received the KidSafe Seal of Approval from KidSafe, an independent safety certification service and seal-of-approval program designed exclusively for children-friendly websites and technologies, including online game sites, educational services, virtual worlds, social networks, mobile apps, tablet devices, connected toys, and other similar online and interactive services. 

Use of Gromatars : Children on Grom Social create animated pictures, which we call Gromatars, to represent themselves on Grom Social without providing a real-life photograph. Gromatars are viewed as profile pictures on a user s home wall, and when a user leaves a comment or like on a public page. Kids can build and customize their Gromatars by selecting over 200 different options such as the eyes, nose, hair, teeth, ears, skin color, hairstyle, and color. 

These safeguards and procedures are a critical
component of our business model. We believe that children are increasingly accessing the Internet at younger ages and therefore the need
for safe, age-appropriate platforms for younger children to browse and interact with other children is increasing. According to recent
statistics on GuardChild.com: 

81 of children from 9 to 17 years-old say they visited a social networking site in the past three months; 

41 of teens had a negative experience as a result of using social networking; and 

88 of teens have seen someone be mean or cruel to another person on a social networking site. 

70 of children have accidentally encountered online pornography 

90 of children from 8 to 16 years-old have seen online pornography 

65 of children from 8 to 14 years-old have been involved in a cyber-bullying incident 

GuardChild.com is a website providing software
and applications to promote safe Internet browsing for children and statistics collected from various resources including: Social Media
and Young Adults, Pew Internet American Life Project, Global Insights Into Family Life Online, Norton/Symantec StrategyOne,
Teen/Mom Internet Safety Survey, McAfee Harris Interactive, Pew Research Center, FOSI, Cable in the Classroom 2011, Journal of Adolescent
Health, National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA)-McAfee Online Safety Study, American Osteopathic Association, Social Media and Young Adults,
Pew Internet, American Life Project and Grunwald Associates. 

Content 

In addition to providing a safe, fun, social media
platform for children to interact with their peers, we create our own content consisting of animated characters, interactive chats, videos,
blogs, and games geared to provide wholesome family entertainment. We create our own short-form content consisting of animated characters,
interactive chats, videos, blogs, games and two live action shows released weekly. We currently have over 1,450 hours of live action shows
in our content library. This exclusive content is only available on our platforms. 

3 

Our Grom Social app features include direct messaging,
video recordings with face filters and effects, notifications, profiles with custom colors, Gromatar cartoon avatars, over 1,450 hours
of Grom TV exclusive videos on demand, a search and discovery section, hashtags and mentions in post descriptions, liking, commenting,
sharing of content, including the ability to share photos, videos and doodle drawings in direct messages. With this feature set and the
safety permissions in place, the app will provide children their own social platform similar to the popular adult platforms, but in a
safe controlled environment. Kids can upload videos along with a variety of different music, similar to TikTok. Users also have a vast
variety of face filters similar to Snapchat and Instagram. The Company produces up to two new short-form videos each week similar to Netflix
to maintain user engagement. 

According to a survey released on October 29,
2019 from Common Sense Media, a nonprofit that tracks young people s tech habits reports, twice as many young people watch videos
every day as they did four years ago, and the average time spent watching videos, mostly on You Tube has roughly doubled, to an hour a
day. The survey also found that on average, American children from 8 to 12-years old spend 4 hours and 44 minutes on screen media each
day and teens average 7 hours and 22 minutes, not including time spent using screens for school or homework. Based upon statistics provided
by the Joomla Management System, the average online duration of users logged onto our Grom Social platform was approximately 51 minutes
as of February 2, 2021. We believe the longer duration time is a result of our ability to better engage users through our original content. 

Strategy 

Advertising Revenue. We believe that our app will enable us to begin to generate advertising revenue and the growth of our database may attract high-profile companies to advertise on our Grom Social website and mobile platforms, although there can be no assurances that advertisers will use our website or mobile app. We intend to emphasize to advertisers what we believe is the unique level of parental involvement on Grom Social. We currently have an agreement with SuperAwesome one of the largest COPPA complaint kid advertising companies in the world. A number of SuperAwesome s clients, including Disney, Nickelodeon, and McDonalds are currently advertising on our platform. In addition, we currently have several advertisers that are advertising on our newly created Grom Safe Ads advertising program that allows pre-approved (by Grom) COPPA complaint ads to run on our platforms 

Subscription Based Premium Content. Although we currently do not charge a subscription fee, we hope to be able to move to a subscription-based model in the future. We are continuously making software upgrades which we hope will enable us to offer premium content to users for which they will be charged a monthly subscription fee. Users that sign up for a premium program will become Grom Club Members which will enable them to utilize current and new features to: 

Create and view interactive videos that can be shared with other Grom Club Members, with non-paying Grom users and with any other third parties in their approved network; 

Receive exclusive Gromatar options and accessories including masks, voice modification, face modification, special effects, and numerous filters. 

Have unlimited access to new premium games; 

Engage in exclusive chats with athletes and celebrities that we hope to engage in the future; 

Receive discounts on Grom Social merchandise; 

Turn off ads; and 

Participate in Bookstore pre/reviews and live readings. 

Publishing and Distribution 

We believe that Grom Social offers a great way
to get user feedback and see how kids respond to content. We believe offering book titles to be previewed and added to wish lists for
parents to purchase is a good way to get titles out to the Grom Social kids demographic. 

Comments could be used for reviews and a rating
star system could be implemented. Badges could be awarded to users to complete different book titles, similar to an online e-book store. 

4 

Authors could schedule a live reading where users
would be able to log on during the live time-period and listen to the author live read a chapter of their book to the kids, with Q A
with the author live in public forum. 

Online Game Fees. The games currently available to users on our website are free. We intend to offer users an option to pay to play exclusive games and/or pay for game upgrades. These games may be developed by us, such as Grom Skate, where the character skates through three worlds collecting coins, doing tricks and avoiding obstacles and solving geometry problems, or obtained from outside developers and adapted to use on our website . 

Licensing Merchandise Revenue. We hope to create Grom Social apparel and other merchandise for purchase through our website and mobile app and enter into licensing and merchandise agreements. 

Partnerships and Collaborations. The Company believes that due to its strong youth following that it can be a valuable resource to many organizations and sports leagues looking to build, reconnect and/or maintain their brand among the youth market. The Company has designed an opportunity for clients to utilize existing programming and broadcasts by condensing long programming such as 3-4 hour baseball games, 8 hour-a-day surfing events and 6-hour golf rounds into engaging short-form content wrapped in gaming and animation utilizing celebrities and athlete interaction. 

Intellectual Property Strategy. The Company plans to produce, develop, license and purchase a number of intellectual properties and monetize by franchise, licensing and merchandising opportunities in addition to hosting on its own platform. To satisfy and help fill the demand for content, the Company intends to continue to create original content as well as use underutilized content. 

Throughout our monetization efforts, we will maintain
a free version of the app in an effort to not negatively impact our user base. The Grom Social website and mobile app have generated nominal
revenues to date. 

TD Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries 

TD Holdings is a holding company that operates
through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries (i) Top Draw Animation Hong Kong Ltd and (ii) Top Draw Animation, Inc. Based in Manila, Philippines,
the group s principal activities are the production of animated television series and movies. Top Draw Animation Hong Kong, which
owns our animation studio in Manila, Philippines, contracts with third parties for the production of animated television series and movies.
Through an intercompany agreement, Top Draw Animation then does the production work at our studio in Manila, Philippines. 

Top Draw Animation is a full-service production
and pre-production animation studio working with a diverse roster of global clients. It specializes in providing two-dimensional digital
production services for animated television series and movies on a contract basis or under co-production arrangements. 

Top Draw Philippines pre-production services
include planning and creating storyboards, location design, model and props design, background color and color styling. Its production
services focus on library creation, digital asset management, animation layout, background, library development, background layout scene
assembly, posing, animation, composting and after-effects. Top Draw Philippines currently provides services to high-profile brands and
properties, as well as all-new, original intellectual properties. Its studio produces over 200 half-hour segments of animated content
annually which we believe makes it one of the top global producers of animation for television worldwide. 

The following table depicts some of Top Draw
Philippines recent notable projects: 

Show 
 
 Client 
 
 Number of Series in Years 
 
 Period 
 
 My Little Pony 
 
 DHX Media 
 
 10 
 
 2010-2019 
 
 My Little Pony - Equestria Girls 
 
 DHX Media 
 
 7 
 
 2012-2013, 2015-2019 
 
 Tom and Jerry Seasons 2 - 5 
 
 Slap Happy Cartoons 
 
 4 
 
 2015-2019 
 
 Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero 
 
 Disney 
 
 1 
 
 2016-2017 
 
 Polly Pocket Seasons 1 - 4 
 
 WildBrain (formerly DHX Media) 
 
 3 
 
 2017-2021 
 
 Glitch Techs 
 
 Nickelodeon 
 
 1 
 
 2018-2019 
 
 Carmen Sandiego 
 
 WildBrain (formerly DHX Media) 
 
 2 
 
 2019-2020 
 
 Rhyme Time Town 
 
 DreamWorks 
 
 1 
 
 2019-2020 
 
 Viking Skool 
 
 Samka Production 
 
 1 
 
 2020 
 
 Archibald s Next Big Thing Is Here 
 
 DreamWorks 
 
 1 
 
 2020-2021 
 
 Polly Pocket Season 3 
 
 DHX Media 
 
 3 
 
 2021 
 
 The Loud House Movie 
 
 New Nickelodeon Animation 
 
 1 
 
 2021 
 
 Bionic Max 
 
 Gaumont Animation 
 
 1 
 
 2021 
 
 Jamie s Got Tentacles Seasons 1 - 3 
 
 Samka Production 
 
 3 
 
 2013, 2016, and 2021 
 
 The Guava Juice Show Seasons 1 - 2 
 
 Main Frame Studios 
 
 1 
 
 2021-2022 
 
 Half Heros Season 2 
 
 Cyber Group Studios 
 
 1 
 
 2021-2022 
 
 Strawberry Shortcake Seasons 1 - 2 
 
 WildBrain 
 
 1 
 
 2021-2022 
 
 Star Trek: Lower Decks 
 
 Titmouse 
 
 1 
 
 2022 

5 

Grom Educational Services, Inc. 

On January 2, 2017, we acquired certain assets
including Internet content filtering software called NetSpective Webfilter from TeleMate.net. Since inception, we have sold
hardware and/or subscriptions for web filtering software to thousands of schools with more than 4,000,000 children in attendance. Clients
pay for hardware within 30 days of delivery and in advance for filtering service ranging between one to five years. We offer a proprietary
digital citizenship program that assists K-12 schools in the United States to comply with The Children's Internet Protection Act CIPA requirements. CIPA requirements include the use Internet content filters and implementation of other protective measures to prevent children
from exposure to harmful online content. 

Grom Nutritional Services, Inc. 

GNS was formed with the intention of developing,
marketing and distributing nutritional supplement beverages to children to support the healthy development of neurological structure and
intellectual development of cognitive skills. We initially intend to market and distribute nutritional based supplements to our user base
of children and their parents, then subsequently expand our marketing efforts to the wholesale/retail grocery, convenience, and big box
sectors. GNS had no operations since its inception, but the Company is exploring partnerships. 

Curiosity Ink Media, LLC 

On August 19, 2021, we acquired 80 of the outstanding
membership interest of Curiosity Ink Media LLC. Curiosity is a kids and family original content and media company that focuses on building
and managing entertainment brands and franchises. Specializing in revitalizing lapsed and underutilized properties, the Company reimagines
beloved properties by strategically defining their strengths to ensure their continued growth and legacy. Curiosity leverages its creative
talent, established media distribution networks, and industry connections to market proven media properties through strategic licensing
agreements, partnerships, and original content creation. 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our acquisition strategy is to acquire synergistic
companies, products or intellectual property that will help grow our Grom Social user base and operate profitably as both a stand-alone
enterprise as well as enhance Grom s overall monetization strategy. 

Acquisition of TD Holdings Limited 

On July 1, 2016, we entered into a share sale
agreement (the TDH Share Sale Agreement for the acquisition of 100 of the capital stock of TD Holdings for which we paid
 4,000,000 in cash, issued a 5 secured promissory note in the principal amount of 4,000,000 which originally matured on July 1, 2018
(the TDH Note ), and 7,367,001 shares of our common stock valued at 4,240,000, or approximately 0.58 per share, to the
selling shareholders of TDH TDH Sellers ). The TDH Share Sale Agreement was subsequently amended and on August 18, 2021,
the Company paid the holders of the TDH Notes an aggregate of 834,760, representing all remaining amounts due and payable under the TDH
Note. 

Acquisition of the NetSpective Webfilter
Assets 

On January 1, 2017, we acquired NetSpective webfilter
assets from TeleMate.net Software, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company, TeleMate pursuant to an asset purchase agreement
(the NetSpective APA ). Under the terms of the NetSpective APA, we issued a three-year 0.68 1,000,000 redeemable,
convertible promissory note to TeleMate (the TeleMate Note ). The TeleMate Note is convertible into our common stock at a
conversion rate of 0.78 per share. If not converted by TeleMate by November 1, 2019, the note may be converted by the Company into shares
of common stock at a conversion rate of 0.48 per share. In addition, we entered into a master services agreement MSA with TeleMate under which TeleMate provided engineering and sales support for twelve months and assumed all risks of NetSpective negative
cash flow for one year. 

In April 2019, TeleMate paid the TeleMate Note
in full. On December 4, 2019, the Company converted the outstanding principal and interest of 1,013,200 under the TeleMate Note into
2,113,428 shares of its common stock. 

Acquisition of Curiosity Ink Media LLC 

On August 19, 2021, we acquired 80 of the outstanding
membership interest of Curiosity Ink Media LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Curiosity pursuant to a membership
interest purchase agreement (the Curiosity MIPA ). Under the terms of the Curiosity MIPA, we issued an aggregate of 1,771,883
shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers, pro rata to their membership interests immediately prior to the closing of
the Acquisition. The shares were valued at 2.82 per share which represents to the 20-day volume-weighted average price of the Company s
common stock on August 19, 2021. 

6 

Additionally, the Company also paid 400,000 and
issued an 8 eighteen-month convertible promissory note in the principal amount 278,000 (the Note to pay-down and refinance
certain outstanding loans and advances previously made to Curiosity by Russell Hicks and Brett Watts, members of Curiosity. 

Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the
Note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of 98.40 per share but may not be converted if,
after giving effect to such conversion, the noteholder and its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the Company s
outstanding common stock. The Note may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part. The Note is subordinate to the Company s senior
indebtedness. 

The Sellers also have the ability to earn up to
 17,500,000 (payable 50 in cash and 50 in stock) upon the achievement of certain performance milestones as of December 31, 2025. 

Business Strategy 

We hope to grow our business through a combination
of marketing initiatives and synergistic acquisitions in an effort to increase our Grom Social user base to a large enough size to enable
us to attract advertisers and paid users for our premium content. However, there can be no assurance that our strategy will be successful
or that our revenues will increase as a result of our business strategies. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Our current growth strategy is as follows: 

Increase the size of our database of users of Grom Social. Comparable to other successful social media companies, we believe the key strategy to our future success is to grow the size of our database. Although the revenue from Grom Social is now nominal, we believe that our database will continue to increase due to our production of original content. We intend to launch a marketing campaign, subject to raising sufficient capital, to increase awareness of the Grom Social platforms. There can be no assurance that we can continue to grow the Grom platforms, and if we are successful in doing so, that we will be able to generate revenues from the website and mobile app. 

Marketing initiatives. We plan to use celebrities and high-profile athletes as role models, content providers and overall brand ambassadors. In January 2021, the Company entered into a long-term marketing agreement with American professional surfer and 2020 US Olympic surfing team member, 20-year-old Caroline Marks. 

Expand Core Products. We manage our brands through strategic product development initiatives, including introducing new products and modifying our existing intellectual property. Our marketing team and development teams strive to develop enhanced products to offer added technological, aesthetic and functional improvements to our portfolio of products. 

Pursue Strategic Acquisitions. We supplement our internal growth with strategic and synergistic acquisitions. 

Competition 

Grom Social, Inc. 

The markets in which we compete are characterized
by innovation and new and rapidly evolving technologies. We believe we will face significant and intense competition in every aspect of
our intended business, including from Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, and Google, which offer a variety of Internet products, services, and
content that will compete for our user's Internet time and spending dollars. In addition to facing general competition from these large,
well-funded companies, we also face competition from smaller Internet companies that offer products and services that may compete directly
with Grom Social for users, such as TikTok, SnapChat, Video Star and Zoomerang. Additionally, as we introduce new services and products,
as our existing services and products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, we may become subject to additional
competition from: 

Companies that offer products that replicate either partial or the full range of capabilities we intend to provide. 

Companies that develop applications, particularly mobile applications, that provide social or other communications functionality, such as messaging, photo-and video-sharing, and micro-blogging. 

Companies that provide web-and mobile-based information and entertainment products and services that are designed to engage our target audience and capture time spent on mobile devices and online. 

7 

Many of these companies have substantially greater
resources than us. 

We believe that the following features differentiate
us from our competitors and provide us with a possible competitive advantage with respect to our target market: 

We provide children with a social media experience in a safe and controlled environment; 

We encourage direct parental involvement and oversight; 

We produce content developed by kids and for kids 

We have developed a registration process to safely register children on the website; 

We provide live monitoring of the website by trained individuals to help protect children from malicious content that may be found on other social networking sites available to children, supplemented by standard bad word filtering software; and 

We have developed the only COPPA compliant app that offers live commenting, hashtags, streaming video content and the ability to record and share videos. 

We believe that Grom Social is one of the only
social media platforms that offers games, chatrooms, educational services, social interaction, exclusive content, global connectivity,
and group collaboration to develop new content and activities based on user behavior in one platform. 

TD Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries 

We have extensive competition in our animation
business from production companies in Korea, Taiwan, Canada, India and, to a lesser degree, China, Malaysia, Singapore, and Thailand.
Businesses in these countries, such as Malaysia, may receive government subsidies which can increase competitive pressure. 

Our intention is for Top Draw Philippines to remain
competitive for the production of family-oriented, animated television series and movies and other family-oriented entertainment products
produced by major movie studios, including Disney, DreamWorks Animation, Warner Bros. Entertainment, Netflix, Nickelodeon, and numerous
other independent motion picture production companies. 

The primary competitors of Top Draw Philippines
in the Philippines are Toon City Animation, Snipple Animation Studio, and Synergy 88 Digital. 

Growth in the television industry is being driven
by larger streaming companies such as Netflix, Disney Plus, NBC, Amazon Prime, and Facebook. Competition is primarily based on the ability
to reach an audience directly and deliver products that meet consumer demand. The success of these streaming companies is primarily related
to the size and reach of their user or subscriber base. 

Grom Educational Services, Inc. 

We believe our primary competitors for web filtering
products and services are iBoss, Lightspeed, Go Guardian and Securly. There are other large companies that offer web filtering products
including Forcepoint (Websense), Bluecoat, Palo Alto Networks, Barracuda and Cisco. However, we believe these companies are enterprise
focused whereby they sell numerous products with web filtering representing a minimal component of their portfolio. 

Grom Nutritional Services, Inc. 

We believe that consumer awareness regarding the
benefits of dietary supplements and new product availability are the major drivers for the market worldwide. The global nutritional supplements
market size was valued at 273.9 billion in 2018 and is anticipated to expand at a compound annual growth rate of 6.4 over the forecast
period from 2019 to 2025, according to Grand View Research. The largest of our competitors are Axxess Pharma Inc., Celsius Holdings, Inc.,
GNC Holdings Inc., and Pfizer Inc. 

8 

Curiosity Ink Media, LLC 

We have extensive competition in our publication
and animated series and movies are Disney, DreamWorks Animation, Warner Bros. Entertainment, Netflix and Nickelodeon. Growth in the publication
and animated series and movies are driven by the large streaming and production companies. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to several U.S. federal and state
and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. Many of these laws and regulations are still
evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These may involve user privacy and
data protection, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention
and deletion, personal information, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection,
telecommunications, product liability, taxation, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online
payment services. In particular, we are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of data. Foreign
data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the United States. U.S. federal and state
and foreign laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly
evolving and can be subject to significant change. In addition, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations
are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently
from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. There are also a number of legislative proposals pending
before federal, state, and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies. including data protection regulation. 

In addition, some countries are considering or
have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements
that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. 

Our platforms follow the guidelines of the Children's
Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, 15 U.S.C. 6501 6505. COPPA imposes certain requirements on operators of websites or online
services directed to children under 13 years of age, and on operators of other websites or online services that have actual knowledge
that they are collecting personal information online from a child under 13 years of age. 

Additionally, our K-12 NetSpective web filter
clients are subject to CIPA, which was enacted by Congress in 2000 to address concerns about children's access to obscene or harmful content
over the Internet. CIPA imposes certain requirements on schools or libraries that receive discounts for Internet access or internal connections
through the E-rate program a program that makes certain communications services and products more affordable for eligible schools
and libraries. In early 2001, the FCC issued rules implementing CIPA and provided updates to those rules in 2011. 

The nutritional supplements that we intend to
market to children are governed by the US Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The FDA defines supplements as a product intended
to increase its levels in the diet. These may include vitamins, minerals, herbs, amino acids, or other plant-based substances. Over-the-counter
supplements do not undergo the same formal approval process as prescription and over-the-counter drugs. The FDA does not require supplement
manufacturers to submit their products to the FDA for review nor receive FDA approval, however, before marketing, companies must ensure
they are not making false claims on the product label to mislead consumers. Like other food substances, dietary supplements are not
subject to the safety and efficacy testing requirements imposed on drugs, and unlike drugs they do not require prior approval by the FDA;
however, they are subject to the FDA regulations regarding adulteration and misbranding. 

Intellectual Property 

To establish and protect our proprietary rights
we rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures,
non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights.
We do not believe that our proprietary website is dependent on any single copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. 

9 

Trademarks 

We currently own nine trademarks as follows: 

Country 
 
 Mark 
 
 Status 
 
 Class 
 
 Serial Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Registration Number 
 
 Registration Date 
 
 Owner Name 
 
 Expiration Date 
 
 US 
 
 GROM 
 
 Registered 
 
 042 
 
 85808178 
 
 12/20/2012 
 
 4464931 
 
 01/14/2014 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 01/14/2024 
 
 US 
 
 GROM SKATE 
 
 Registered 
 
 009, 041 
 
 90530702 
 
 2/16/2021 
 
 6626893 
 
 1/25/2022 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 1/25/2028 
 
 US 
 
 GROM SOCIAL 
 
 Registered 
 
 045 
 
 85562637 
 
 03/07/2012 
 
 4236835 
 
 11/06/2012 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 11/06/2032 
 
 US 

GROM SOCIAL AND DESIGN 

Registered 
 
 042, 045 
 
 88256892 
 
 01/10/2019 
 
 6217313 
 
 12/08/2020 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises Inc. 
 
 12/08/2026 

US 
 
 GROMPOUND 
 
 Registered 
 
 041 
 
 85865569 
 
 03/04/2013 
 
 4380376 
 
 08/06/2013 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 08/06/2023 
 
 US 
 
 MAKING HAPPY HAPPEN 
 
 Pending 
 
 035, 041 
 
 97591379 
 
 09/14/2022 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 N/A 
 
 US 
 
 MAMABEAR 
 
 Registered 
 
 009 
 
 85631796 
 
 05/22/2012 
 
 4351472 
 
 06/11/2013 
 
 Grom Holdings Inc. 
 
 06/11/2023 
 
 US 

NOGGIN JOGGIN LOGO 

Pending Application 
 
 005 
 
 90197048 
 
 09/21/2020 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 Grom Nutritional Services, Inc. 
 
 05/11/2023 
 
 US 
 
 TECHTOPIA 
 
 Registered 
 
 009 
 
 86346608 
 
 07/24/2014 
 
 4820748 
 
 09/29/2015 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 09/29/2025 

Copyrights 

We currently own twelve copyrights as follows: 

Title 
 
 Claimant 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Registration Number 
 
 Registration Date 
 
 CoCo 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 VA 2-302-486 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 Drone 2 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 VA 2-302-307 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 Drone 3 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 VA 2-302-305 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 Grom Social Characters 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 07/20/2012 
 
 VA 1-861-879 
 
 07/20/2012 
 
 Grom Social Characters Fall 2015 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 01/12/2016 
 
 VA 2-000-079 
 
 01/12/2016 
 
 Hall 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 02/24/2022 
 
 VA 2-294-237 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 Noswad 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 04/09/2014 
 
 VAu 1-171-758 
 
 04/09/2014 
 
 Ollie 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 03/11/2014 
 
 VAu 1-160-606 
 
 03/11/2014 
 
 Santa Claus 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 02/24/2022 
 
 VA 2-294-243 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 Santa.com North Pole 
 
 Grom Social, Inc. 
 
 02/24/2022 
 
 VA 2-293-035 
 
 04/06/2022 
 
 YoYo 
 
 Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 VA 2-302-477 
 
 05/03/2022 
 
 Herbert Henry and Santa s Secret Socitey 
 
 Curiosity Ink Media, LLC 
 
 11/28/2018 
 
 TX0008682635 
 
 03/05/2019 

Employees 

As of April 7, 2023, the Company had 22 full-time
employees, 3 part-time employees and 2 independent contractors in the United States and 68 full-time employees and 37 part-time and 198
contracted employees in the Philippines. 

10 

Item 1A Risk Factors 

Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information
in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. In addition, we may face additional risks
and uncertainties not currently known to us, or which as of the date of this Annual Report we might not consider significant, which may
adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected. In such case the trading price of our common stock and warrants could decline due to any of these risks
or uncertainties, and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our independent auditors concurred with
our management s assessment that raises concern as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

On a consolidated basis, we have incurred significant
operating losses since inception. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 83.5 million. 

Because we do not expect that existing operational
cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations, this raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. Therefore, we will need to raise additional funds and are currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically,
we have raised capital through private placements of our equity securities and convertible notes and through officer loans as an interim
measure to finance working capital needs and may continue to raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or other securities
and by obtaining short-term loans. We will be required to continue to do so until our consolidated operations become profitable. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our future performance will depend on the
continued engagement of key members of our management team. 

Our future performance depends to a large extent
on the continued services of members of our current management and other key personnel. While we have employment agreements with certain
of our executive officers and key employees, the failure to secure the continued services of these or other key personnel for any reason,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and prospects. We currently do not carry key man insurance 
on any of our executives. 

Failure to manage our growth effectively
could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Failure to manage our growth effectively could
cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. To manage our growth effectively,
we must continually evaluate and evolve our business and manage our employees, operations, finances, technology and development, and capital
investments efficiently. Our efficiency, productivity and the quality of our Grom Social platform, original content and intellectual properties,
animation business and web filtering user services and content may be adversely impacted if we fail to appropriately coordinate across
our business operations. Additionally, rapid growth may place a strain on our resources, infrastructure, and ability to maintain the quality
of our Grom Social platform. If and when our structure becomes more complex as we add additional staff, we will need to improve our operational,
financial and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures. Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our
operations and ultimately prevent us from generating revenues. 

11 

Future business acquisitions, strategic
investments or alliances, if any, as well as business acquisition transactions, could disrupt our business and may not succeed in generating
the intended benefits and may, therefore, adversely affect our business, revenue and results of operations. 

We completed the acquisition of TD Holdings in
2016, and acquired 80 of Curiosity Ink Media, LLC in 2021. In the future, we may explore potential acquisitions of companies or technologies,
strategic investments, or alliances to strengthen our business. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business,
including: 

our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or architecture, regulatory compliance practices, accounting practices or employee issues; 

failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses; 

diversion of management s attention from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 

difficulties in coordinating geographically disparate organizations and corporate cultures and integrating management personnel with different business backgrounds; 

anticipated benefits may not materialize; 

retention of employees from the acquired company; 

integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources, and other administrative systems; 

coordination of product development and sales and marketing functions; 

liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement, claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and 

litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties. 

Failure to appropriately mitigate these risks
or other issues related to such strategic investments and acquisitions could result in reducing or completely eliminating any anticipated
benefits of transactions and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities,
the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

We face intense competition in all aspects
of our business including competition in the animation and web filtering businesses. If we do not provide features and content that will
engage and attract users, advertisers and developers we may not remain competitive, and our potential revenues and operating results could
be adversely affected. 

We face intense competition in almost every aspect
of our business, including from companies such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Google, which offer a variety of Internet products, services,
content, and online advertising offerings, as well as from mobile companies and smaller Internet companies that offer products and services
that may compete directly with Grom Social for users, such as Yoursphere, Fanlala, Franktown Rocks and Sweety High. As we introduce new
services and products, as our existing services and products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, we may
become subject to additional competition. 

12 

Some of our current and potential competitors
have significantly greater resources and better competitive positions than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more
effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market requirements. Our competitors may develop products, features,
or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product
development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. In addition, our users, content providers or
application developers may use information shared by our users through Grom Social in order to develop products or features that compete
with us. Certain competitors, including Facebook, could use strong or dominant positions in one or more markets to gain a competitive
advantage against us in areas where we operate, including by creating a social networking experience similar to ours with similar content
and features. As a result, our competitors may acquire and engage users at the expense of the growth or engagement of our user base, which
may negatively affect our business and financial results. 

We believe that our ability to compete effectively
depends upon many factors, including: 

the age appropriateness, attractiveness, safety, ease of use, performance, and reliability of the Grom Social platform, our content and products compared to our competitors; 

the size and composition of our user base; 

the engagement of our users with our products; 

the timing and market acceptance of content, services, and products, including developments and enhancements to our or our competitors content, services and products; 

our ability to monetize our products, including our ability to successfully monetize mobile usage; 

the frequency, size, and relative prominence of the ads and other commercial content displayed by us or our competitors; 

customer service and support efforts; 

marketing and selling efforts; 

responding to changes mandated by legislation or regulatory authorities, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on us; 

acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; 

our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly programmers; 

our ability to cost-effectively manage and grow our operations; and 

our ability to cost-effectively manage and grow our operations; and 

If we are not able to effectively compete, our
user base and level of user engagement may decrease, which could make us less attractive to developers and advertisers and materially
and adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

We are a holding company organized in Florida,
with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries, incorporated in Hong Kong, Manila and Florida for cash to fund our operations.

Our operations are conducted entirely through
our subsidiaries and our ability to generate cash to fund operations or to meet debt service obligations is dependent on the earnings
and the receipt of funds from our subsidiaries. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings or cash flow of TD Holdings and its
subsidiaries for any reason could limit or impair their ability to make payments to us. Additionally, to the extent that we need funds
and our subsidiaries are restricted from making such distributions under applicable law or regulation or are otherwise unable to provide
such funds, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

13 

Our intellectual property rights are critical
to our success, and the loss of such rights or the ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights could materially
adversely affect our business. 

We regard our trademarks, copyrights, and other
intellectual property rights as critical to our success and attempt to obtain, maintain and protect such intellectual property with registered
and common law trademarks and copyrights, restrictions on disclosure and other actions to prevent infringement. Our success will depend
in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection in the United States and other countries
with respect to our property and technology. We rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, to protect our proprietary
technology and prevent others from duplicating our products. However, there can be no assurance that other third parties will not infringe
or misappropriate our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. If we lose some or all of our intellectual property rights, our business
may be materially adversely affected. 

If our trademarks and tradenames are not
adequately protected, then we may not be able to build name recognition in our markets and our business may be adversely affected. 

Our trademarks or trade names may be challenged,
infringed, circumvented, declared generic or determined to be violating or infringing on other marks. We may not be able to protect our
rights to these trademarks and trade names or may be forced to stop using these trademarks or trade names, which we need to build name
recognition among potential partners and customers in our markets of interest. At times, competitors or other third parties may adopt
trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion.
In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement, or dilution claims brought by owners of other trademarks.
Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to
compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our rights related to trademarks, trade
secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights may be ineffective, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources
and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to claims alleging the
intellectual property subject to our licensing agreements is violating the intellectual property rights of others. 

We may face significant expense and liability
as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents and intellectual property rights of others. We could be required to
participate in interference proceedings involving issued patents and pending applications of another entity. The cost to us of any such
proceeding could be substantial. An adverse outcome in an interference proceeding could require us to cease using the technology, to substantially
modify it or to license rights from prevailing third parties. There is no guarantee that any prevailing patent owner would offer us a
license so that we could continue to engage in activities claimed by the patent, or that such a license is made available to us or could
be acquired on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, third parties may, in the future, assert other intellectual property infringement
claims against us with respect to our services, technologies or other matters. 

Risks Related to Grom Social 

If we fail to retain existing users or add
new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed.

The size of our user base and our users 
level of engagement are critical to our success. We have over 28 million Grom Social users under the age of 13 and an almost equal number
of parents in our database as of October 2022.. Our future financial performance will be significantly determined by our success in adding,
retaining, and engaging users. We define a user as any child under the age of 13 who joins Grom Social through the website
or downloads the Grom Social app from a mobile app store, and any parent who joins Grom Social and any student or faculty that uses our
NetSpective web filtering platform. If people do not perceive our site and the content that we offer to be enjoyable, engaging, reliable,
and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their interaction
on our website. A number of other social networking companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their active user bases or
levels of engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion of our
user base or engagement levels. A decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement could render us less attractive to developers and
advertisers, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any
number of factors could potentially negatively affect our ability to attract and retain user and to increase their engagement on the website,
including, if: 

our users decide to spend their time on competing sites; 

we fail to introduce new and improved content or if we introduce new content or services that are not favorably received; 

14 

we are unable to successfully balance our efforts to provide a compelling user experience with the decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence, and size of ads and other commercial content that we display; 

we are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance; 

there are changes in user sentiment about the quality or usefulness of our products or concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security, or other factors; 

we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is interesting, useful, and relevant to them; 

there are adverse changes in our products that are mandated by legislation or regulatory authorities; 

technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience; 

we adopt policies or procedures related to areas such as sharing or user data that are perceived negatively by our users or the general public; or 

we fail to provide adequate customer service to users, developers, or advertisers; 

If we are unable to maintain and increase our
user base and user engagement, our revenue, financial results, and future growth potential may be adversely affected. 

Our strategy at Grom Social to create new
and original content, charge users for that content and attempt to secure advertisers to pay to advertise on our app, could fail to attract
or retain users or generate revenue. 

Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our
user base and to increase our revenue will depend heavily on our ability to create successful new content, both independently and in conjunction
with third parties. If new or enhanced content fails to engage users, developers, or advertisers, we may fail to attract or retain users
or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, and our business may be adversely affected.
In the future, we may invest in new products and initiatives to generate revenue, but there is no guarantee these approaches will be successful.
If we are not successful with new approaches to monetization, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated or recover
any associated development costs, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 

If we are not able to maintain and enhance
our brand, or if events occur that damage our reputation and brand, our ability to expand our user base may be impaired, and our business
and financial results may be harmed. 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing the
Grom Social brand is central to expanding our base of users and advertisers. Many of our new users are referred by existing users, and
therefore we strive to ensure that our users remain favorably inclined towards our brand. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend
largely on our ability to continue to provide age-appropriate, enjoyable, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative content and services,
which we may not do successfully. We may introduce new content or terms of service that users do not like, which may negatively affect
our brand. Additionally, the actions of third-party developers may affect our brand if users do not have a positive experience using third-party
apps and websites integrated with our website. We also may fail to provide adequate customer service, which could erode confidence in
our brand. Our brand may also be negatively affected by the actions of users that are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate to other users,
or by users acting under false or inauthentic identities. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments
and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain the Grom Social brand or if we incur excessive
expenses in this effort, our business and financial results may be adversely affected. 

15 

Our Grom Social platform may be misused
by users, despite the safeguards we have in place to protect against such behavior. 

Users may be able to circumvent the controls we
have in place to prevent abusive, illegal or dishonest activities and behavior on our website, and may engage in such activities and behavior
despite these controls. For example, our Grom Social platform could be used to exploit children and to facilitate individuals seeking
to engage in improper communications or contact with children. Such potential behavior of such users would injure our other users and
would jeopardize the reputation and integrity of our Grom Social platform. Fraudulent users could also post fraudulent profiles or create
false or unauthorized profiles on behalf of other, non-consenting parties. This behavior could expose us to liability or lead to negative
publicity that could injure the reputation of our Grom Social platform and materially adversely affect our brand. 

We could experience system failures or capacity
constraints that could negatively impact our Grom Social platform and business. 

Our ability to provide reliable service to our
users largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our Grom Social platform, relying on people, processes, and technology
to function effectively. Any significant interruption to, failure of, or security breaches affecting, our Grom Social platform could result
in significant expense, a loss of users, and harm to our business and reputation. Interruptions, system failures or security breaches
could result from a wide variety of causes, including disruptions to the Internet, malicious attacks or cyber incidents such as unauthorized
access, loss or destruction of data (including confidential and/or personal customer information), account takeovers, computer viruses
or other malicious code, and the loss or failure of systems over which we have no control. The failure of our Grom Social platform, or
the loss of data, could result in disruption to our operations, damage to our reputation and remediation costs, which could individually
or in the aggregate adversely affect our business and brand. 

Improper access to or disclosure of our
users information, or violation of our terms of service or policies, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

Our efforts to protect the information that our
users have chosen to share using Grom Social may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, software bugs or other technical
malfunctions, employee error or malfeasance, or other factors. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees
or users to disclose information in order to gain access to our data or our users data. If any of these events occur, our users 
information could be accessed or disclosed improperly. We have a privacy policy that governs the use of information that users have chosen
to share using the Grom Social website and how that information may be used by us and third parties. Some third-party developers may store
the information provided by our users through apps on the Grom Social platform or websites. If these third parties or developers fail
to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices or fail to comply with our terms and policies, or in the event of a breach of their
networks, our users data may be improperly accessed or disclosed. 

Any incidents involving unauthorized access to
or improper use of the information of our users or incidents involving violation of our terms of service or policies, including our privacy
policy, could damage our reputation and our brand and diminish our competitive position. In addition, the affected users or government
authorities could initiate legal or regulatory action against us in connection with such incidents, which could cause us to incur significant
expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Any of these events could have
a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, or financial results. 

We collect, process, share, retain and use
personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy, and
our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 

A variety of federal, state and foreign laws and
regulations govern privacy and the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of personal information. We collect, process, use,
share and retain personal information and other user data, including information about our users as they interact with our platform, and
we have a privacy policy concerning our use of data on our platform. We are subject to COPPA which regulates the collection, use, and
disclosure of personal information from children under 13 years of age and CIPA, which addresses concerns about children s access
to obscene or harmful content over the Internet. 

16 

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with COPPA, CIPA, or other applicable privacy laws and regulations or with our privacy policy or any compromise of security that results
in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which may include personally identifiable information or other user
data, may result in governmental enforcement actions or litigation, which could be costly to defend and may require us to pay significant
fines or damages. Such failures or perceived failures could also result in public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups, our
users or others, which could harm our brand and could cause our users, and parents to lose trust in us which in turn could have an adverse
effect on our business. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as advertisers, vendors, content or platform providers, violate
applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put the information of our users at risk and could, in turn, have an adverse
effect on our business. 

We also are or may become required to comply with
varying and complex privacy laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions, and laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions are sometimes
more restrictive than those in the United States. Complying with these laws as they evolve could cause us to incur substantial costs or
require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

As a result of our collection, retention, and
use of personal data, we are or may become subject to diverse laws and regulations in the United States and foreign jurisdictions mandating
notification to affected individuals in the event that personal data (as defined in the various governing laws) is accessed or acquired
by unauthorized persons. Complying with such numerous and complex regulations in the event of unauthorized access would be expensive and
difficult, and failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability. 

User trust regarding privacy and data security
is very important to our brand and the growth of our business, and privacy or data security concerns relating to our Grom Social platform
could damage our reputation and brand and deter current and potential users from using our platform, even if we are in compliance with
applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations. 

Users may curtail or stop their use of our
Grom Social platform if our security measures are compromised, if our platform is subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability
of users to access our platform or if our member data is compromised. 

Our Grom Social platform collects, processes,
stores, shares, discloses and uses the information of our users and their communications. We are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins,
phishing attacks, and attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks and similar disruptions from unauthorized
use of our computer systems. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Several recent,
highly publicized data security breaches and denial of service attacks at other companies have heightened public awareness of this issue
and may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems. Any of the foregoing could lead to interruptions, delays or platform shutdowns,
causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure or use of personally identifiable or other confidential or sensitive information,
such as credit card information or information about our members. If our security is compromised, we could experience platform performance
or availability problems, the complete shutdown of our platform or the loss or unauthorized disclosure of confidential or sensitive information.
We could be subject to liability and litigation and reputational harm, and our users may be harmed, lose confidence in us and decrease
or terminate the use of our platform. 

We also rely on certain third parties to provide
critical services and to store sensitive customer information. For example, our platform is hosted using data centers operated by third
parties. However, we have little or no control over the security measures implemented by these parties, and if these measures are compromised,
we could be exposed to similar risks and liabilities to those described above. 

Unauthorized parties may also fraudulently induce
employees or members to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our information or the information of our members or
access this information through other means. They might also abuse our systems in other ways, such as by sending spam, which could diminish
or otherwise degrade the experience of our members or by compromising or gaining unauthorized access to member accounts. Because the techniques
used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated,
they often are not recognized until launched against a target. Furthermore, such attacks may originate from less regulated and remote
areas around the world, and we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any
or all of these issues could negatively impact our ability to attract new members and increase engagement by existing members, cause existing
members to stop using our platform or subject us to lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, thereby harming our business
and operating results. 

17 

Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs
with respect to another social media provider, our users and potential users may lose trust in the security of our platform generally,
which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing users or attract new ones. 

If any of our relationships with internet
search websites terminate, if such websites methodologies are modified or if we are outbid by competitors, traffic to our websites
could decline. 

We depend in part on various internet search websites,
such as Google.com, Bing.com, Yahoo.com, and other websites to direct a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Search websites
typically provide two types of search results, algorithmic and purchased listings. Algorithmic listings generally are determined and displayed
as a result of a set of unpublished formulas designed by search engine companies in their discretion. Purchased listings generally are
displayed if particular word searches are performed on a search engine. We rely on both algorithmic and purchased search results, as well
as advertising on other internet websites, to direct a substantial share of visitors to our websites and to direct traffic to the advertiser
customers we serve. If these internet search websites modify or terminate their relationship with us or we are outbid by our competitors
for purchased listings, meaning that our competitors pay a higher price to be listed above us in a list of search results, traffic to
our websites could decline. Such a decline in traffic could affect our ability to generate advertising revenue and could reduce the desirability
of advertising on our websites. 

We may have difficulty scaling and adapting
our existing network infrastructure to accommodate increased traffic and technology advances or changing business requirements, which
could cause us to incur significant expenses and lead to the loss of users and advertisers. 

To be successful, our network infrastructure has
to perform well and be reliable. The greater the user traffic and the greater the complexity of our products and services, the more computer
power we will need. We could incur substantial costs if we need to modify our websites or our infrastructure to adapt to technological
changes. If we do not maintain our network infrastructure successfully, or if we experience inefficiencies and operational failures, the
quality of our products and services and our users experience could decline. Maintaining an efficient and technologically advanced
network infrastructure is particularly critical to our business because of the pictorial nature of the products and services provided
on our websites. A decline in quality could damage our reputation and lead us to lose current and potential users and advertisers. Cost
increases, loss of traffic or failure to accommodate new technologies or changing business requirements could harm our operating results
and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Top Draw Animation 

Since Top Draw s business operations
are located in the Philippines, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by economic or
political developments in the Philippines. 

Top Draw s business operations are located
in the Philippines. As a result, we are subject to certain risks presented by the Philippine economy and regulatory environment. We believe
that the Philippine government exercises substantial control over virtually every sector of the Philippine economy through regulations
and, in some cases, state-ownership. Our ability to operate Top Draw s business in the Philippines may be harmed by changes in the
local laws and regulations, including those relating to employment, taxation, business regulation, intellectual property rights, property,
and other matters. 

In the event of adverse weather conditions,
calamity or epidemic that may occur in the Philippines, the lack of a fully developed infrastructure could have a material adverse impact
on Top Draw s business. 

The vast majority of Top Draw s employees
do not own an automobile and must commute to work using public transportation. Additionally, the power grid in the Philippines is considered
substandard compared to developed countries. Any negative event that impacts public transportation or power generation could result in
Top Draw s employees not being able to go to the office to perform their work thus potentially delaying projects. 

18 

Operating Top Draw in the Philippines subjects
us to challenges and risks unique to operating a business in the Philippines and if we are unable to manage those challenges and risks,
the growth of our business could be limited, and our business could suffer. 

Operating Top Draw in the Philippines subjects
us to a number of risks and challenges that specifically relate to our Philippine operations. Our Philippine operations may not be successful
if we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges, which could limit the growth of our business and may have an adverse effect on
our revenue and operating results. These risks and challenges include: 

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations, including any impairment to our relationship with employees caused by the change in ownership; 

restrictions imposed by local labor practices and laws on our business and operations; 

exposure to different business practices and legal standards; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

the imposition of government controls and restrictions; 

political, social and economic instability and the risk of war, terrorist activities or other international incidents; 

the failure of telecommunications and connectivity infrastructure; 

natural disasters and public health emergencies; 

potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

lack of intellectual property protection. 

Although we report our results of operations
in U.S. dollars, approximately 88 of our revenue is currently denominated in foreign currencies. We do not hedge against currency fluctuations
and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Such fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations . 

Because our consolidated financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate our Top Draw s revenues, expenses, and income, as well as assets and liabilities,
into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S.
dollar against other currencies will affect our revenues, operating income and the value of balance-sheet items, including intercompany
payables and receivables, originally denominated in other currencies. These changes cause our growth in consolidated earnings stated in
U.S. dollars to be higher or lower than our growth in other currencies when compared against other periods. 

An increase in the value of other currencies,
against the U.S. dollar could increase costs for delivery of our digital animation services by increasing labor and other costs that are
denominated in other currencies. Conversely, a decrease in the value of other currencies, against the U.S. dollar could place us at a
competitive disadvantage compared to service providers that benefit to a greater degree from such a decrease and can, as a result, deliver
services at a lower cost. 

Historically, Top Draw s business
has been reliant and concentrated upon a limited number of key clients, the loss of any one of which could have a material adverse effect
on Top Draw s and our revenue and financial condition. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Top Draw
accounted for approximately 88.4 of our consolidated revenue. During the same period, four of Top Draw s clients accounted for
approximately 70.8 of our consolidated revenue. Although the relative percentages by client may change from quarter to quarter, the reliance
upon a limited number of clients is not expected to change for the foreseeable future. As a result, a decrease in business or revenue
from any one or more of these key clients could materially negatively impact Top Draw s and our revenue, results of operation, and
financial condition. 

19 

The success of Top Draw, and consequently
our success, depends on certain key employees. 

The success of Top Draw, and consequently our
success depends to a significant extent on the performance of certain senior management personnel and other key employees. In particular,
we are dependent upon the services of Russell Hicks or Jared Wolfson to operate and manage Top Draw. The loss of the services of Russell
Hicks or Jared Wolfson could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue, and results of operations. 

In order for our digitally animated content
and related products to be successful, we must develop appealing creative content. 

The success of each digitally animated feature
developed and produced by Top Draw depends in large part upon our ability to develop and produce compelling stories and characters that
will appeal to our target audience. Traditionally, this process has been extremely difficult. While we believe Top Draw has enjoyed success
with its digitally animated features, there can be no assurance that similar levels of success will be achieved by Top Draw s subsequent
features and our other future projects. 

We expect to experience intense competition
with respect to Top Draw s digitally animated features and related content. 

We expect that Top Draw s digitally animated
features will compete with family-oriented, animated and live-action feature films and other family-oriented entertainment products produced
by major movie studios, including Disney, DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc., Warner Bros. Entertainment, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Fox
Entertainment Group Inc., Paramount Pictures, Lucasfilm Ltd., Universal Studios, Inc., MGM/UA, and Studio Ghibli as well as numerous other
independent motion picture production companies. 

We believe competition from animated feature films
and family-oriented feature films will likely continue to intensify over the next several years. Some of the other movie studios with
which we compete have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition to the box office and home
video competition, other family-oriented features and films will compete with Top Draw Animation s digital features. 

If we are not able to produce digital features
and content that can compete successfully with offerings from our competitors, it could have a material adverse impact on our business,
revenue, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure and
Ownership of Our Securities 

If we are unable to maintain compliance
with all applicable continued listing requirements and standards of Nasdaq, our common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol GROM. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing
requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to remain
in compliance with Nasdaq s listing standards or if we do later fail to comply and subsequently regain compliance with Nasdaq s
listing standards, that we will be able to continue to comply with the applicable listing standards. If we are unable to maintain compliance
with these Nasdaq requirements, our common stock will be delisted from Nasdaq. 

In the event that our common stock is delisted
from Nasdaq due to our failure to continue to comply with any requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, and is not eligible for quotation
on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could, again, be conducted in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic
bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the OTC Pink or the OTCQB tiers of the OTC marketplace. In such event, it could
become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for, our common stock, and it would likely be more difficult
to obtain coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. Also,
it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a national exchange. 

20 

Future capital raises may dilute our existing
stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse effects on our operations. 

If we raise additional capital by issuing equity
securities, our existing stockholders percentage ownership may decrease, and these stockholders may experience substantial dilution.
If we raise additional funds by issuing debt instruments, these debt instruments could impose significant restrictions on our operations,
including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish
some rights to our technologies or products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us or could diminish the rights of
our stockholders. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future; therefore, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock, will be your sole source
of gain for the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend
to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, future loan arrangements,
if any, may contain, terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock, will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Our board of directors may authorize and
issue shares of new classes of stock that could be superior to or adversely affect you as a holder of our common stock. 

Our Board has the power to authorize and issue
shares of classes of stock, including preferred stock that have voting powers, designations, preferences, limitations and special rights,
including preferred distribution rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation rights without further shareholder approval
which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. In addition, our board could authorize the issuance of a series
of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease
the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing shareholders. 

Any of these actions could significantly adversely
affect the investment made by holders of our common stock. Holders of our common stock could potentially not receive dividends that they
might otherwise have received. In addition, holders of our common stock could receive less proceeds in connection with any future sale
of the Company, whether in liquidation or on any other basis. 

The voting and conversion rights of our
issued and outstanding shares of Series C Stock will have the effect of diluting the voting power of existing common stockholders. 

Our authorized capital stock includes 25,000,000
shares of preferred stock, of which 2,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Stock, 10,000,000 shares are designated as Series B Stock,
and 10,000,000 shares are designated as Series C Stock. As of April 7, 2023, no shares of our Series A Stock or Series B Stock, and 9,281,809
shares of Series C Stock, are issued and outstanding. The holders of our outstanding shares of Series C Stock may at any time, after the
6-month anniversary of the issuance of their shares of Series C Stock, convert such shares into shares of our common stock at a conversion
price equal to 57.60. In addition, the Company may, at any time, require conversion of all or any of the Series C Stock then outstanding
at a conversion price equal to 57.60. The conversion of shares of our Series C Stock will dilute your interests. If all of the shares
of our Series C Stock were converted, we would have 161,143 additional shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which, based on
the 7,288,177 shares outstanding as of April 7, 2023, would represent approximately 2.2 of our shares of common stock outstanding, if
all of the shares of our Series C Stock were converted. 

In addition, the holders of shares of our Series
C Stock vote together as a single class with the holders of shares of our common stock, with each share entitling the holder to 1.5625
votes per share. Therefore, as of April 7, 2023, the holders of our 9,281,809 shares of Series C Stock, have an aggregate of approximately
14,502,828 votes, representing approximately 56 of our voting power. 

The effects of the voting and conversion rights
tied to shares of our Series C Stock may affect the rights of our common stockholders by, among other things, restricting dividends on
our common stock, diluting the voting power of our common stockholders, reducing the market price of our common stock, or impairing the
liquidation rights of our common stock. 

21 

Substantial future sales of shares of our
common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

The market price of shares of our common stock
could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant
stockholders, or a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale or the perception in the market that holders
of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. 

The market price of our shares of common
stock is subject to fluctuation. 

The market prices of our shares may fluctuate
significantly in response to factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

The announcement of new products by our competitors; 

The release of new products by our competitors; 

Developments in our industry or target markets; and 

General market conditions including factors unrelated to our operating performance. 

Recently, the stock market, in general, has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme market volatility in the price of our shares
of common stock which could cause a decline in the value of our shares. 

In the event that our common stock is delisted
from Nasdaq, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock because they may be considered
penny stocks and thus be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate
 penny stock that restricts transactions involving stock which is deemed to be penny stock. These rules may have the effect
of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00
per share (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq if current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our shares of common stock constitute, penny
stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers
may discourage such broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity
of such shares of common stock and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

A U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone
other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000
or an annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse) must make a special suitability determination for
the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the
transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior
to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance with SEC standards relating to
the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer is also required
to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities.
Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny
stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks . 

Stockholders should be aware that, according to
the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include
(i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation
of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler room 
practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed
bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers
after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred
historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers
who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from
being established with respect to our securities. 

22 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will depend
in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Several analysts may cover
our stock. If one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our
stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

The market price for our common stock is
particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, and lack of profits,
which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. 

The market for our common stock is characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that have large public floats, and we
expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than the shares of such larger, more established companies for the indefinite
future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our common stock is, compared
to the shares of such larger, more established companies, sporadically and thinly traded. The price for our common stock could, for example,
decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our common stock is sold on the market without commensurate demand. Secondly,
we are a speculative or risky investment due to our lack of profits to date. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more
risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress,
be more inclined to sell their shares of common stock on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with
the stock of a larger, more established company that has a large public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease
the market price of our common stock regardless of our operating performance. 

If and when a larger trading market for
our common stock develops, the market price of our common stock is still likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. 

The market price of our common stock may be highly
volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors that are beyond our control, including, but not
limited to: 

variations in our revenues and operating expenses; 

actual or anticipated changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock, other comparable companies or our industry generally; 

market conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers and the economy as a whole; 

actual or expected changes in our growth rates or our competitors growth rates; 

developments in the financial markets and worldwide or regional economies; 

announcements of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

announcements by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

sales of our common stock or other securities by us or in the open market; 

changes in the market valuations of other comparable companies; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those resulting from such events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or elsewhere, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of our suppliers or result in political or economic instability. 

23 

In addition, if the market for technology stocks
or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons
unrelated to our business, financial condition or operating results. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction
to events that affect other companies in our industry, even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others,
could harm the value of your investment in our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action
litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and
diversion of management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition. 

Being a public company is expensive and
administratively burdensome. 

As a public reporting company, we are subject
to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Complying with these laws and regulations requires the time and attention of our
board of directors and management and increases our expenses. Among other things, we are required to: 

maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB 

maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures; 

prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws; 

institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and 

involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly
reports, proxy statements, when required, and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders is expensive
and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional
financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting
expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in
a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results
of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our management is likewise
required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses
identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As described elsewhere in this Annual Report,
we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to functional controls and segregation of duties.
As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as
of December 31, 2022. 

Any failure to maintain such internal control
could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis, which
could result in a material adverse effect on our business. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete
understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions
or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition, we would likely incur additional accounting, legal
and other costs in connection with any remediation steps. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

24 

To respond to this material weakness, we have
devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over
financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance
these processes to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our
financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents
and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications.
Additionally, we have hired, and plan to continue to hire, as resources permit, qualified accounting personnel to better manage our functional
controls and segregate responsibilities. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no
assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

We can give no assurance that the measures we
have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or
restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over
financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures,
in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair
presentation of our financial statements. 

Failure to achieve and maintain effective
internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act could prevent us from producing reliable financial reports
or identifying fraud. In addition, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could have
an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We are subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, and a lack
of effective controls could preclude us from accomplishing these critical functions. We are required to document and test our internal
control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, in connection with, PCAOB Auditing Standard
No. 5 which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and concluded that our internal controls
and procedures were not effective. 

Risks Related to COVID-19 

The uncertainty and extent of the COVID-19
pandemic may continue to have an adverse effect on our operations and on the global capital markets. 

The current outbreak of COVID-19 could continue
to have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. These could include disruptions or restrictions on our ability to travel
or to distribute our products, as well as temporary closures of production facilities. Any such disruption or delay would likely impact
our sales and operating results. In addition, COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies
and financial markets of many other countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products and significantly
impact our operating results. 

As the result of current restrictions put in place
to address COVID-19, we have limited access to our corporate and Manila offices, cannot efficiently and fully access our data and records,
and many of our corporate and administrative staff is required to work remotely, disrupting interactions among our staff, with our customers
and suppliers, and with our accountants, consultants and advisors. The extent to which our results continue to be affected by COVID-19
will largely depend on future developments which cannot be accurately predicted, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, governmental
and business responses to the pandemic and the impact on the global economy, demand for our products, and our ability to provide our products,
particularly as result of our employees working remotely and/or the closure of certain offices and production facilities. While these
factors are uncertain, the COVID-19 pandemic or the perception of its effects could continue to have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

25 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We lease approximately 2,100 square feet of office
space as our principal executive offices in Boca Raton, Florida for approximately 4,000 per month pursuant to a two-year lease expiring
on March 31, 2024. 

Our animation business leases an aggregate of
approximately 26,600 square feet in the West Tower of the Philippine Stock Exchange Centre in Pasig City, Manila for administration and
production purposes. We currently pay approximately 20,500 per month for such space (which increases by approximately 5 per year). These
leases expire in December 2027. 

Our web filtering business leases approximately
1,400 square feet in Norcross, Georgia, for approximately 2,250 per month pursuant to a five-year lease which expires in May 2023. The
lease payments increase by approximately 3 annually. 

Our original content business leases approximately
1,700 square feet in Los Angeles, California, for approximately 4,800 per month pursuant to a two-year lease which expires in October
2023. The lease payments increase by approximately 3.5 annually. 

We believe our leased space for the present time
is adequate and additional space at comparable prices is available at all locations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which
we are a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class
of our voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None 

26 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our shares of our common stock are quoted on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol GROM. Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down,
or commission and do not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The last reported sales price of our common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 14, 2023, was 0.63. 

Holders 

As of April 7, 2022, there were 444 shareholders
of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, the Company does
not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plan 

The following table provides information regarding
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

6,950 
 (1) 

89.40 

50,285 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 

7,251 
 (2) 

460.80 

______________ 

 (1) Represents options to purchase
an aggregate of 6,950 shares of common stock issued to officers and employees for services provided to the Company at an exercise price
of 89.40. 

(2) Represents (i) options to purchase
an aggregate of 5,622 shares of common stock issued to officers and employees for services provided to the Company at exercise prices
between 230.40 and 748.80 and (ii) options to purchase an aggregate of 1,629 shares of common stock issued to consultants and contractors
for services provided to the Company at an exercise price of 230.40. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Except as set forth below, there were no sales
of equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities Act and were not previously
reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company. 

On November 21, 2022, we sold 18,727 shares of
common stock for gross proceeds of 100,000 to an accredited investor in a private offering. 

On November 29, 2022, we sold an aggregate of
32,771 shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of 175,000 to two accredited investors in a private offering. 

27 

The above issuances did not involve any underwriters,
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering and we believe are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The investors represented to us that they were
accredited investor and were acquiring the shares for investment purposes only and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with,
any distribution thereof and that they could bear the risks of the investment. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto. The management's discussion and analysis contain forward-looking
statements, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical
fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, 
 target, estimate, expect and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions will, 
 may, could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those under Risk Factors, which appear
in elsewhere in this Annual Report, that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of several factors. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances occurring after the date of this Annual Report. 

The share and per share information in the following
discussion reflects a reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock at a 1-for-30 ratio, effective as of December 9, 2022. 

Overview 

We were incorporated in the State of Florida on
April 14, 2014 under the name Illumination America, Inc. 

On August 17, 2017, we acquired Grom Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Grom Holdings ), pursuant to a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement entered into on May 15, 2017 (the Share Exchange ). In connection with the Share Exchange, the Company acquired 100 of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of Grom Holdings from Grom Holdings stockholders in exchange for an aggregate of 115,473 shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company. As a result of the Share Exchange, the stockholders of Grom Holdings acquired
approximately 92 of the Company s then-issued and outstanding shares of common stock and Grom Holdings became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. In connection with the Share Exchange, on August 17, 2017, we changed our name to Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 

We are a media, technology and entertainment company
that focuses on (i) delivering content to children under the age of 13 years in a safe secure platform that is compliant with the Children s
Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA and can be monitored by parents or guardians, (ii) creating, acquiring, and developing
the commercial potential of Kids Family entertainment properties and associated business opportunities, (iii) providing world class
animation services, and (iv) offering protective web filtering solutions to block unwanted or inappropriate content. We conduct our business
through our following subsidiaries: 

Grom Social, Inc. Grom Social ), incorporated in the State of Florida on March 5, 2012, operates our social media network designed for children under the age of 13 years. 

TD Holdings Limited TD Holdings ), incorporated in Hong Kong on September 15, 2005, operates through its two wholly-owned subsidiaries: (i) Top Draw Animation Hong Kong Limited, a Hong Kong corporation Top Draw HK ), and (ii) Top Draw Animation, Inc., a Philippines corporation Top Draw Philippines ). The group s principal activities are the production of animated films and television series. 

Grom Educational Services, Inc. GES ), incorporated in the State of Florida on January 17, 2017, operates our web filtering services provided to schools and government agencies. 

28 

Grom Nutritional Services, Inc. GNS ), incorporated in the State of Florida on April 19, 2017, intends to market and distribute nutritional supplements to children. It has been nonoperational since its inception. 

Curiosity Ink Media, LLC CIM ), organized in the State of Delaware on January 5, 2017, develops, acquires, builds, grows and maximizes the short, mid and long-term commercial potential of kids and family entertainment properties and associated business opportunities. 

We own 100 of each of Grom Social, TD Holdings,
GES and GNS, and 80 of Curiosity. 

Impact of COVID-19 

On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization
announced a global health emergency because of the spread of a new strain of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 ). On March
11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19, a global pandemic. COVID-19 has and continues to affect the
United States and global economies. 

We experienced significant disruptions to our
business and operations due to circumstances related to COVID-19, and delays caused government-imposed quarantines, office closings and
travel restrictions, which affect both us and our service providers. We have significant operations in Manila, Philippines, which was
locked down by the government on March 12, 2020 due to concerns related to the spread of COVID-19. As a result of the Philippines government s
call to contain COVID-19, our animation studio, located in Manila, Philippines, which accounts for approximately 88 of our total revenues
on a consolidated basis, was forced to close its offices for significant periods of time from March 2020 through December 2021. 

In response to the outbreak and business disruption,
we instituted employee safety protocols to contain the spread, including domestic and international travel restrictions, work-from-home
practices, extensive cleaning protocols, social distancing and various temporary closures of our administrative offices and production
studio. We also implemented a range of actions aimed at temporarily reducing costs and preserving liquidity. In January 2022, we started
to recall artist and employees to return to the studio which is currently operating at 50 seat capacity. 

While restrictions have eased, the risk continues
as new variants are being discovered. The full extent of potential impacts on our business, financing activities and the global economy
will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted due to the uncertain nature of the continued COVID-19 pandemic, government
mandated shut downs, and its adverse effects, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. These effects could have a material adverse impact on our business, operations,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Recent Developments 

PIPE Offering and Related Waiver 

On January 25, 2023, we consummated a private
investment in public equity financing (the PIPE Offering pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
January 25, 2023, as amended (the 2023 SPA ), by and between us and the purchaser named therein (the 2023 SPA Selling
Stockholder and issued (i) 100,000 shares of common stock; (ii) 1,327,434 warrants (the Purchase Warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 2,323,010 shares of common stock; and (iii) 1,227,434 prefunded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants, and together
with the Purchase Warrants, the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,227,434 shares of common stock. The purchase price
of each share of common stock and associated Purchase Warrant was 2.26. The purchase of each Pre-Funded Warrant and associated Purchase
Warrant was 2.25. The aggregate gross proceeds of the PIPE Offering was approximately 3 million, before deducting fees to the placement
agent and other expenses payable by us. EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, acted as the exclusive placement agent in connection
with the PIPE Offering. 

In connection with the PIPE Offering, we entered
into a waiver agreement (the Waiver with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund L1 waiving certain
provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2021 (the 2021 SPA ), by and between us and L1.
Pursuant to the terms of the Waiver, L1 waived certain provisions of the 2021 SPA and in consideration thereof, we (i) issued 150,000
purchase warrants substantially similar to the Purchase Warrants issued in connection with the 2023 SPA; and (ii) paid a cash fee of 50,000
to L1. 

29 

The Purchase Warrants are immediately exercisable
for 2.26 per share of common stock, subject to certain adjustments, including with respect to stock dividends, splits, subsequent rights
offerings, pro rata distributions and a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the purchase warrant agreement (the Purchase Warrant
Agreement )), until the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date (the Expiration Date ). The Prefunded Warrants
are immediately exercisable for 0.01 per share of common stock, subject to certain adjustments, including with respect to stock dividends,
splits, subsequent rights offerings, pro rata distributions and a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Prefunded Warrant), until
all of the Prefunded Warrants are exercised in full. The exercise of the Warrants is subject to beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant to the 2023 SPA, the Company is obligated
to hold a special stockholders meeting no later than 60 days following the date of the 2023 SPA to solicit the approval of the
issuance of the shares of common stock, Warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants in compliance with the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market (without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Purchase Warrant Agreement or the prefunded warrant
agreement (the Prefunded Warrant Agreement ). On March 27, 2023, we held a virtual special meeting of stockholders, and at
the meeting, the issuance of the securities in compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market has been approved. 

In connection with the PIPE Offering, we entered
into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, dated January 25, 2023 (the Registration Rights Agreement ). The
Registration Rights Agreement provides that we shall file a registration statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) with the SEC no later than the 7th calendar day following the date of the Registration
Rights Agreement, and have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC as promptly as possible after the filing thereof,
but in any event no later than the 30th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, or in the event of a full
review by the SEC, the 45th day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. On February 2, 2023, we filed the registration
statement, and on February 9, 2023, the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

Potential Strategic Partnerships in the Pipeline 

We continue to evaluate strategic acquisition
opportunities to help accelerate our growth and complement our existing business. We are currently in various levels of negotiations with
three potential strategic partners. 

1. 
 We are in active negotiations with a Hollywood director to partner with CIM to direct a feature film with one of our properties. 

2. 
 We are in discussion with a Canada-based 20-year-old company to acquire a 30 stake in the full service animation studio which we believe will provide a strategic advantage for Top Draw Philippines. 

3. 
 We are in active negotiations to acquire a stake in a European kids entertainment property that has broadcast, buyer and distribution commitments in various parts of the world. 

Notice of Delisting of Failure to Satisfy
a Continued Listing Rule or Standard 

On May 24, 2022, we received a deficiency letter
(the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying us that, based upon the
closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain
a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum
Bid Requirement ). The Notice had no immediate effect on the continued listing status of our common stock on Nasdaq, and, therefore,
our listing remained fully effective. We were provided initial and extended compliance periods of 360 calendar days from the date of the
Notice, or until May 22, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

On December 23, 2022, we received a compliance
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying us that the closing bid price of our common
stock has been at 1.00 per share or greater for the last 10 consecutive business days and thus we have regained compliance with Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) and the matter is now closed. 

On April 10, 2023, we received a second deficiency
letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying us that,
based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with the requirement
to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the
 Minimum Bid Requirement ). The Second Notice has no immediate effect on the continued listing status of our common stock
on Nasdaq, and, therefore, our listing remains fully effective. We have been provided an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days
from the date of the Second Notice, or until October 9, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

30 

Reverse Stock Split 

On October 4, 2022, the Board and shareholders
approved the granting of authority to the Board to amend our articles of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and
outstanding shares of our common stock, by a ratio of no less than 1-for-2 and no more than 1-for-30, with the exact ratio to be determined
by the Board in its sole discretion, and with such reverse stock split to be effective at such time and date, if at all, as determined
by the Board in its sole discretion. On December 9, 2022, the Board effected a 1-for-30 reverse stock split in connection with our continued
listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. 

The reverse stock split did not have any impact
on the number of authorized shares of common stock, which remains at 500,000,000 shares. All share and per share information in this Annual
Report reflects the reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-30. 

Resignation and Appointment of Executive
Officers and Directors 

On April 22, 2022, we entered into an Executive
Separation Agreement with Melvin Leiner (the Separation Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Leiner retired from his positions
as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Leiner s employment with
us ended on April 22, 2022, and Mr. Leiner is to receive separation payments over a 9-month period equal to his base salary, as well as
certain limited health benefits. 

On the same day, Mr. Leiner resigned from our
board of directors, effective immediately. Mr. Leiner did not resign as a result of any disagreement with us on any matter relating to
our operations, policies or practices. 

Results of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 5,426,501, compared to revenue of 6,297,922 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 871,421 or 13.8 . 

Animation revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 4,931,776, compared to animation revenue of 5,602,466 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease
of 670,690 or 12.0 . The decrease in animation revenue is primarily attributable to client delays in providing us with necessary productions
materials and content and in the execution and commencement of previously negotiated contracts. 

Web filtering revenue for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 482,861, compared to web filtering revenue of 594,996 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease
of 112,135 or 18.8 . The decrease is primarily due to a decline in organic sales growth, and the timing or loss of multi-year contract
renewals. 

Produced and licensed content revenue for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 0, compared to produced and licensed content revenue of 98,301 during the year ended December 31, 2021.
The decrease in produced and licensed content revenue is attributable to revenue fluctuations in our original content business at Curiosity
Ink Media LLC. Many of our properties are in the development stage, at various points, and approaching monetization. Revenue fluctuations
will be anticipated until such time that we release multiple saleable properties into the marketplace. 

Other revenue is generated from royalties received
from our publishing activities, sales and commissions through our Santa.com e-commerce website, and subscription and advertising revenue
from our Grom Social mobile application. Other revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 11,864 compared to other revenue of 2,159
during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 9,705 or 449.5 , primarily attributable to ecommerce sales and commissions. 

31 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profits vary significantly by subsidiary.
In recent years, our animation business has realized gross profits between 35 and 40 , while our web filtering business has realized
gross profits between 91 and 94 . Our gross profits may vary from period to period due to the nature of the business of each subsidiary,
and the timing and volume of customer contracts and projects. Current gross margins percentages may not be indicative of future gross
margin performance. 

Gross profit for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 were 1,761,735, or 32.5 , and 2,590,654, or 41.1 , respectively. The decrease in gross profit is primarily attributable
lower contract margins realized in our animation business due to the absorption of fixed overhead expenses against reduced revenue levels
and certain projects exceeding budgeted costs. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 20,432,157, compared to operating expenses of 9,463,580 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase
of 10,968,577 or 115.9 . The increase is primarily attributable to impairment charges of approximately 11.3 million against the goodwill
of our animation and original content businesses. Additionally, we incurred higher selling, general and administrative costs, specifically
in research and development; employee headcount, compensation and benefits from the acquisition of Curiosity; and stock-based compensation
from the grant of stock option awards. 

Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses are comprised of selling, marketing and promotional expenses, compensation and benefits, insurance, rent and related facility
costs, research and development, and other general expenses. SG A expenses were 7,313,145 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 5,811,792 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 1,501,353 or 25.8 . 

Professional fees are comprised of accounting
and compliance services, legal services, investor relations and other advisory fees. Professional fees were 1,467,323 for the year ended
December 2022, compared to 2,773,510 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a decrease of 1,306,187 or 47.1 . 

At December 31, 2022, we performed our annual
impairment tests as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of our goodwill and recorded an aggregate impairment charge of 11,340,115;
of which 6,202,888 was attributed to the carrying value of goodwill related to our TD Holdings Ltd animation business acquired in 2016,
and 5,137,227 was attributed to the carrying value of goodwill related to our Curiosity Ink Media original content business acquired
in 2021. The determination was made as the result of our qualitative assessment of each business unit, including the decline in our animation
revenues and delay in monetization of our original content properties. Comparatively, at December 31, 2021, we performed our annual impairment
tests on the carrying value of our goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling 382,798; of which 276,448 was attributed to the
carrying value of goodwill and 106,350 of intangible assets related to the NetSpective webfiltering business acquired in 2017. The determination
was made as the result of our qualitative assessment of our webfiltering business, including a multi-year decline in sales revenue and
the unexpected loss of certain renewal customer accounts. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Net other income for the year ended December 31,
2022 was 2,349,862, compared to a net other expense of 3,329,015 for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 5,678,877
or 170.6 . The increase in net other income is primarily attributable to a gain of 5,586,493 recorded for the change in fair value of
our contingent purchase consideration, offset in part by increased interest expense of 1,052,350 related to the recognition of a derivative
liability and a loss of 143,598 on the settlement of a substantial portion of the derivative liability recognized during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

Interest expense is comprised of interest accrued
and paid on our convertible notes and recorded from the amortization of note discounts. Interest expense was 3,348,867 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 2,556,689 during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 792,178 or 31.0 . The
increase is attributable to both an increase in amortization expense associated with debt discounts and the derivative liability expense. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded
a one-time extinguishment loss of 947,179 related to the exchange of 1,447,996 in principal and interest accrued under certain convertible
notes for 2,395,175 shares of our Series B Stock and gain on loan forgiveness of the paycheck protection program loan of 228,912. 

32 

Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders 

We realized a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of 17,068,222, or 23.17 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss attributable to common
stockholders of 10,612,267, or 34.21 per share, during the year ended December 31, 2021 representing an increase in net loss attributable
to common stockholders of 6,455,946 or 60.8 . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,871,176. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,976,120, compared to net cash used in operating activities of 7,856,243 during the year ended December
31, 2021 representing a decrease in cash used of 880,123, primarily due to the increase in our loss from operations, offset by the recognition
of a derivative liability, impairment to goodwill of our animation business, change in the fair value of our contingent purchase consideration,
and change in our working capital assets and liabilities. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 91,297, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 417,096 during the year ended December
31, 2021 representing a decrease in cash used of 325,799. This decrease is directly attributable to 373,592 of net cash consideration
paid for the acquisition of Curiosity Ink Media during the year ended December 31, 2021, offset in part by an increase of 61,211 in the
amount of fixed assets purchased and/or leasehold improvements made primarily by our animation studio in Manilla, Philippines during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,471,967, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 14,673,567 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 representing an increase in cash provided of 10,201,600. The primary reason for the decrease is attributable to the
amount of proceeds received from of our public equity offering and issuance of convertible notes completed in 2021 as compared to proceeds
received from our follow-on offering completed in 2022. 

Our primary sources of cash from financing activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 were attributable to 4,360,330 in proceeds from the sale of our common stock and 1,444,000 in
proceeds from the sale of senior secured convertible notes, as compared to 10,220,351 in proceeds from the sale of our common stock,
 1,050,000 in proceeds from the sale of our preferred stock, and 4,516,700 in proceeds from the sale of senior secured convertible notes
during the year ended December 31, 2021. These sources of cash were offset, in part, by the repayment of convertible notes and loans payable
of 185,741 and cash settlement of a derivative liability of 1,146,901 in accordance with note conversions during the year ended December
31, 2022, as compared to repayments of convertible notes and loans for 1,146,485 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Going Concern 

On a consolidated basis, we have incurred significant
operating losses since inception. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
As of December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 83.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we used approximately
 7.0 million in cash from operating activities. 

Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course
of business. Based on current operating levels, we will need to raise additional funds by selling additional equity or incurring debt.
To date, we have funded our operations primarily through sales of our common stock in public markets, proceeds from the exercise of warrants
to purchase common stock, and the sale of convertible notes. Additionally, future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
the rate of revenue growth, the selling price of our products and services, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing
and extent of spending on content development efforts, and the continuing market acceptance of our products and services. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. 

33 

Our management intends to raise additional funds
through the issuance of equity securities or debt. It is probable that our management will continue to obtain new sources of financing
that will enable us to meet our obligations for the twelve-month period. There can be no assurance that, in the event we require additional
financing, such financing will be available at terms acceptable to us, if at all. Failure to generate sufficient cash flows from operations,
raise additional capital and reduce discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our intended
business objectives. As a result, the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern has not been alleviated. Our
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AND ESTIMATES 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The most significant estimates relate to revenue recognition, valuation of accounts receivable and inventories,
purchase price allocation of acquired businesses, impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill, valuation of financial instruments, income
taxes, and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, known or expected trends and various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of
these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Segment and Related
Information 

We operate as a single segment. Our chief operating
decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer, who manages operations for purposes of allocating resources. 

Business Combinations 

We generally account for business combinations
using the acquisition method of accounting. The method requires the acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and
any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values as of that date. Any transaction costs
are expenses as incurred. The results of operations of businesses acquired by the Company have been included in the consolidated income
statement since their respective date of acquisition. The Company may use independent valuation services to assist in determining the
estimated fair values. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) outlines a single
comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. The guidance provided in Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 ASC 606 requires entities to use a five-step model to recognize revenue
by allocating the consideration from contracts to performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Revenue is recognized
when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to
receive in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also requires new disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. ASC 606 also includes Subtopic 340-40, Other Assets
and Deferred Costs Contracts with Customers , which requires the deferral of incremental costs of obtaining a contract with
a customer. 

34 

Animation Revenue 

Animation revenue is primarily generated from
contracts with customers for preproduction and production services related to the development of animated movies and television series.
Preproduction activities include producing storyboards, location design, model and props design, background color and color styling. Production
focuses on library creation, digital asset management, background layout scene assembly, posing, animation and after effects. We provide
services under fixed-price contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform the specified work for a pre-determined price.
To the extent actual costs vary from estimated costs, our profit may increase, decrease, or result in a loss. 

We identify a contract under ASC 606 once (i)
it is approved by all parties, (ii) the rights of the parties are identified, (iii) the payment terms are identified, (iv) the contract
has commercial substance, and (v) collectability of consideration is probable. 

We evaluate the services promised in each contract
at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. The services in
our contracts are distinct from one another as the referring parties typically can direct all, limited, or single portions of the various
preproduction and production activities required to create and design and entire episode to us and we therefore have a history of developing
standalone selling prices for all of these distinct components. Accordingly, our contracts are typically accounted for as containing multiple
performance obligations. 

We determine the transaction price for each contract
based on the consideration we expect to receive for the distinct services being provided under the contract. 

We recognize revenue as performance obligations
are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the services. In determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider
factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. Substantially
all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract due to the contractual terms present in each contract which
irrevocably transfer control of the work product to the customer as the services are performed. 

For performance obligations recognized over time,
revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress made towards completion of the performance obligation. We use the percentage-of-completion
cost-to-cost measure of progress because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs against its contracts.
Under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the
ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation. The percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost
method requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of contract assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates
relate to the total estimated amount of costs that will be incurred for a project or job. 

Web Filtering Revenue 

Web filtering revenue from subscription sales
is recognized on a pro-rata basis over the subscription period. Typically, a subscriber purchases computer hardware and a software and
support service license for a period of use between one year to five years. The subscriber is billed in full at the time of the sale.
We immediately recognize revenue attributable to the computer hardware as it is non-refundable and control passes to the customer. The
advanced billing component for software and service is initially recorded as deferred revenue and subsequently recognized as revenue on
a straight-line basis over the subscription period. 

Produced and Licensed Content Revenue 

Produced and licensed content revenues are generated
from the licensing of internally-produced films and television programs. 

Licensed internally-produced films and television
programming, each individual film or episode delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the
episode is made available to the licensee for exhibition. For license agreements containing multiple deliverables, revenues are allocated
based on the relative standalone selling price of each film or episode of a television series, which is based on licenses for comparable
films or series within the marketplace. Agreements to license programming are often long term, with collection terms ranging from one to five years. 

The advanced billing component for licensed content
is initially recorded as deferred revenue and subsequently recognized as revenue upon completion of the performance obligation in accordance
with the terms of licensing agreement. 

35 

Publishing Revenue 

Publishing revenues are recognized when merchandise
is shipped or electronically delivered to the consumer. Consumer print books are generally sold with a right of return. The Company records
a returns reserve and corresponding decrease in revenue at the time of sale based upon historical trends. For publishing revenues, payments
are due shortly after shipment or electronic delivery. 

Fair Value Measurements 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that
are supported by little or no market activity, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing. 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We use
the market approach to measure fair value for its Level 1 financial assets and liabilities. The market approach uses prices and other
relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The respective carrying
value of certain balance sheet financial instruments approximates its fair value. These financial instruments include cash, trade receivables,
related party payables, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term borrowings. Fair values were estimated to approximate carrying
values for these financial instruments since they are short term in nature, and they are receivable or payable on demand. 

The estimated fair value of assets and liabilities
acquired in business combinations and reporting units and long-lived assets used in the related asset impairment tests utilize inputs
classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 

We determine the fair value of contingent consideration
based on a probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis. The fair value remeasurement is based on significant inputs not observable
in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in the fair value hierarchy. In each period, we reassess our current
estimates of performance relative to the stated targets and adjusts the liability to fair value. Any such adjustments are included as
a component of Other Income (Expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Prepublication Costs 

Prepublication costs include costs incurred to
create and develop the art, prepress, editorial, digital conversion and other content required for the creation of the master copy of
a book or other media. Prepublication costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over a two- to five-year period based on expected future
revenue. The Company regularly reviews the recoverability of the capitalized costs based on expected future revenues. 

Produced and Licensed Content Costs 

Produced and licensed content costs include capitalizable
direct costs, production overhead, interest and development costs and are stated at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization,
or fair value. Marketing, distribution and general and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. 

Film, television and direct to consumers through
streaming services production and residual costs are expensed over the product life cycle based upon the ratio of the current period s
revenues to estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues) for each production. For film productions and direct to consumer services,
Ultimate Revenues include revenues from all sources that will be earned within ten years from the date of the initial release. For television
series, Ultimate Revenues include revenues that will be earned within ten years from delivery of the first episode, or if still in production,
five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later. Costs of film, television and direct to consumer productions are subject
to regular recoverability assessments, which compare the estimated fair values with the unamortized costs. The Company bases these fair
value measurements on the Company s assumptions about how market participants would price the assets at the balance sheet date,
which may be different than the amounts ultimately realized in future periods. The amount by which the unamortized costs of film and television
productions exceed their estimated fair values is written off. Costs for projects that have been abandoned are written off. Projects that
have not been set for production within three years are also written off unless management has committed to a plan to proceed with the
project and is actively working on and funding the project. 

36 

Capitalized Website Development Costs 

The Company capitalizes certain costs associated
with the development of its Santa.com website after the preliminary project stage is complete and until the website is ready for its intended
use. Planning and operating costs are expensed as incurred. Capitalization begins when the preliminary project stage is complete, project
plan is defined, functionalities are determined and internal and external resources are identified. Qualified costs incurred during the
operating stage of our software applications relating to upgrades and enhancements are capitalized to the extent it is probable that they
will result in added functionality, while costs that cannot be separated between maintenance of, and minor upgrades and enhancements to
the websites are expensed as incurred. 

Capitalized website costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful life of three years beginning with the time when it is ready for intended use. Amounts amortized
are presented through cost of sales. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill represents the future economic benefit
arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill arising from the
Company s acquisitions is attributable to the value of the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. 

Intangible assets have either an identifiable
or indefinite useful life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic
or legal life, whichever is shorter. The Company s amortizable intangible assets consist of customer relationships and non-compete
agreements. Their useful lives range from 1.5 to 10 years. The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names. 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized
but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment
assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. The evaluation begins with a qualitative assessment to determine
whether a quantitative impairment test is necessary. If, after assessing qualitative factors, the Company determines it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is
performed. 

The quantitative goodwill impairment test used
to identify potential impairment compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The fair value
of the reporting unit represents the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential sale of the reporting unit and
is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and
market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach, the Company determines
fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit, which are discounted to the present value using discount factors
that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate, the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach,
which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest rate, the rate of return from publicly traded stocks, the Company s risk
relative to the overall market, the Company s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions
used in the income approach include the terminal value, growth rates, future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. 

If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater
than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Any impairment
identified is included within goodwill impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit
is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, strategic plans,
and future market conditions, among others. There can be no assurance that the Company s estimates and assumptions made for purposes
of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause
the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment tests. 

We performed our annual fair value assessment
at December 31, 2022 on our subsidiaries with material goodwill and intangible asset amounts on their respective balance sheets and determined
that an impairment charge of 11,340,115 was necessary. 

37 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived
assets whenever events or changes in circumstances have indicated that an asset may not be recoverable. The long-lived asset is grouped
with other assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets
and liabilities. If the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are written
down to the estimated fair value. 

We evaluated the recoverability of our long-lived
assets at December 31, 2022, respectively on its subsidiaries with material amounts on their respective balance sheets and determined
that no impairment exists. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

The Company has implemented all new accounting
pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new pronouncements
that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations except as noted below: 

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326). ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss credit
losses framework with a new accounting standard that requires management's measurement of the allowance for credit losses to be based
on a broader range of reasonable and supportable information for lifetime credit loss estimates. The new model, referred to as the current
expected credit loss CECL model, will apply to: (1) financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized
cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes, but is not limited to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity securities,
loan commitments, and financial guarantees. The CECL model does not apply to available-for-sale AFS debt securities. For
AFS debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that
the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. The ASU also simplifies the
accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. ASU No. 2016-13 also expands the disclosure requirements regarding
an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. On October 16, 2019, the FASB
approved a proposal to change the effective date of ASU No. 2016-13 for smaller reporting companies, such as the Company, delaying the
effective date to fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal periods. Early adoption
is permitted for interim and annual reporting periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 on
its consolidated financial statements but does not expect that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact. 

On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10,
which (1) provides a framework to stagger effective dates for future major accounting standards and (2) amends the effective dates for
certain major new accounting standards to give implementation relief to certain types of entities. Specifically, ASU 2019-10 amends the
effective date for ASU 2017-04 to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods therein. 

Early adoption continues to be permitted for interim
or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company does not anticipate the adoption of
ASU 2017-04 will have a material impact on its financial statements for both annual and interim reporting periods. 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income tax accounting guidance, including requirements
such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a business combination, ownership changes in investments,
and interim-period accounting for enacted changes in tax law. The amendment wase effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021, which did not result in a material impact to the consolidated
financial statements and disclosures. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815 40) , ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with
characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. The ASU2020-06
amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU
2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modification or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written
Call Options ASU 2021-04 ), which clarifies and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for
modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options due to a lack of explicit guidance in the FASB
Codification. ASU 2021-04 provides guidance on modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options
that are not within the scope of another Topic. Entities should treat a modification of the terms or conditions, or an exchange of a
freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity-classified after modification or exchange, as an exchange of
the original instrument for a new instrument. ASU 2021-04 provides further guidance on measuring the effect of such modifications or
exchanges, and also provides guidance on the recognition of such modifications or exchanges on the basis of the substance of the
transaction, in the same manner as if cash had been paid as consideration. Management is evaluating the effect of the adoption of
ASU 2021-04 on the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2021, and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2022, which did not result in a
material impact to the consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide this
information. 

38 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Goodwill Impairment Evaluation 

As discussed in Notes 2 and 9 to the financial
statements, management conducts a goodwill impairment assessment annually at December 31, and when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The fair value of a reporting unit is determined through
the use of the income approach using estimates of future cash flows attributable to the respective reporting units. As a result of the
annual impairment assessment, the Company recognized 11.3 million of goodwill impairment related to the reporting unit. 

We identified the impairment of goodwill as a
critical audit matter because of significant judgments required by management to estimate the fair value of its reporting unit, including
forecasted cash flows, revenue growth rates and discount rate. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent
of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assumptions used in the model. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the forecasts
of management s estimates of future cash flows, the selection of cash flow multiples for the Company s reporting unit, and
the evaluation of the discount rate included the following, among others: 

Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculations and evaluated
significant assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company by performing procedures to test the projected revenues, projected
direct costs, projected operating expenses, and projected capital expenditures by comparing them with the historical forecasted results
of the respective reporting unit and assessing the impacts of internal and/or external economic factors. 

We assessed management s ability to forecast by comparing
historical projections to actual results and comparing current forecasted projections to historical trends, industry data, and underlying
business strategies. 

The work of managements specialists was used in performing the
procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of the fair value of the reporting unit as well as the assumptions used in the model. As a
basis for using this work, management s specialist qualifications were understood and the business relationship with managements
specialists was assessed. The procedures performed also included evaluation of the methods and assumptions used by managements specialists,
tests of the data used by managements specialists, and an evaluation of their findings. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 3 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill, net of accumulated impairment 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Dividend payable 

Advanced payments and deferred revenues 

Convertible notes, net current 

Loans payable current 

Related party payables 

Lease liabilities current 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes, net of loan discounts 

Lease liabilities 

Contingent purchase consideration 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Series A preferred stock, 
 par value. 
 shares authorized; zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B preferred stock, 
 par value. 
 shares authorized; zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series C preferred stock, par value. shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value. shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Selling, general and administrative 

Professional fees 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Loss on settlement of derivative liability 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Unrealized gain on change in fair value of contingent purchase consideration 

Other gains 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. stockholders 

Preferred stock dividend payable on Series C convertible preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. common stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 

Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 
 Shares 
 Value 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock with common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Exchange of convertible notes and accrued interest for Series B preferred stock 

Exchange of Series B preferred stock for Series C preferred stock 

Exchange of convertible notes and accrued interest for Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of Series C preferred stock with common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Preferred stock dividend payable on Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under public offerings 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock purchase warrants 

Issuance of common stock as compensation to employees, officers and/or directors 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the issuance of convertible note(s) 

Issuance of common stock warrants in connection with the issuance of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of a business 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Fair value of noncontrolling interest in an acquired business 

Recognition of beneficial conversion features related to convertible notes 

Stock based compensation expense related to stock options 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Preferred stock dividend payable on Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with Series C preferred stock dividend 

Conversion of Series C preferred stock into common stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under public offerings 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock purchase warrants 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Recognition of beneficial conversion features related to convertible notes 

Stock based compensation expense related to stock options 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(continued) 

6 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity (continued) 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock with common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Issuance of Series B preferred stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Exchange of convertible notes and accrued interest for Series B preferred stock 

Exchange of Series B preferred stock for Series C preferred stock 

Exchange of convertible notes and accrued interest for Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of Series C preferred stock with common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Preferred stock dividend payable on Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under public offerings 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock purchase warrants 

Issuance of common stock as compensation to employees, officers and/or directors 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the issuance of convertible note(s) 

Issuance of common stock warrants in connection with the issuance of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of a business 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Fair value of noncontrolling interest in an acquired business 

Recognition of beneficial conversion features related to convertible notes 

Stock based compensation expense related to stock options 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Change in foreign currency translation 

Preferred stock dividend payable on Series C preferred stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with Series C preferred stock dividend 

Conversion of Series C preferred stock into common stock 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under public offerings 

Issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of common stock purchase warrants 

Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private offerings 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for consulting, professional and other services 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Recognition of beneficial conversion features related to convertible notes 

Stock based compensation expense related to stock options 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities of continuing operations: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Provision for doubtful accounts 

Provision for excess or obsolete inventory 

Common stock issued for financing costs 

Common stock issued in exchange for fees and services 

Convertible notes issued for financing costs 

Deferred taxes 

Derivative expense 

Goodwill impairment 

Intangible asset impairment 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of rights-of-use assets 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on settlement of derivative liability 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain on change in fair value of contingent purchase consideration 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Advanced payments and deferred revenues 

Income taxes payable and other noncurrent liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

Related party payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash consideration for acquisition of business 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock purchase warrants, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes 

Repayments of convertible notes 

Repayments of loans payable 

Repayment of settlement of derivative liability upon note conversion 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued related to acquisition of business 

Common stock issued related to Series C preferred stock dividend 

Common stock issued for financing costs incurred in connection with convertible and promissory notes 

Common stock warrants issued in connection with convertible promissory notes 

Contingent purchase consideration 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into preferred stock 

Debt issued related to acquisition of a business 

Discount for beneficial conversion features on convertible notes 

Preferred stock dividend payable on convertible preferred stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

GROM SOCIAL ENTERPRISES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and , respectively, of animation revenue from contracts with customers. 

Animation revenue is primarily generated from
contracts with customers for preproduction and production services related to the development of animated movies and television series.
Preproduction activities include producing storyboards, location design, model and props design, background color and color styling. Production
focuses on library creation, digital asset management, background layout scene assembly, posing, animation and after effects. The Company
provides services under fixed-price contracts. Under fixed-price contracts, the Company agrees to perform the specified work for a pre-determined
price. To the extent actual costs vary from estimated costs, the Company s profit may increase, decrease, or result in a loss. 

The Company identifies a contract under ASC 606
once (i) it is approved by all parties, (ii) the rights of the parties are identified, (iii) the payment terms are identified, (iv) the
contract has commercial substance, and (v) collectability of consideration is probable. 

The Company evaluates the services promised in
each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. The
services in the Company s contracts are distinct from one another as the referring parties typically can direct all, limited, or
single portions of the various preproduction and production activities required to create and design and entire episode to us and we therefore
have a history of developing standalone selling prices for all of these distinct components. Accordingly, our contracts are typically
accounted for as containing multiple performance obligations. 

The Company determines the transaction price for
each contract based on the consideration it expects to receive for the distinct services being provided under the contract. 

The Company recognizes revenue as performance
obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the services. In determining when performance obligations are satisfied,
the Company considers factors such as contract terms, payment terms and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service.
Substantially all of the Company s revenue is recognized over time as it performs under the contract due to the contractual terms
present in each contract which irrevocably transfer control of the work product to the customer as the services are performed. 

For performance obligations recognized over time,
revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress made towards completion of the performance obligation. The Company uses the input
method to measure of progress because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as the Company incurs costs against its
contracts. Under the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured
based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs to complete the performance obligation. The input method requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of contract assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates relate to the
total estimated amount of costs that will be incurred for a project or job. 

and , respectively, of web filtering revenue from contracts with customers. 

Web filtering revenue from subscription sales
is recognized on a pro-rata basis over the subscription period. Typically, a subscriber purchases a computer appliance and a software
and support service license for a period of use between one year to five years. The subscriber is billed in full at the time of the sale.
The Company immediately recognizes revenue attributable to the computer appliance as it is non-refundable and control passes to the customer.
The advanced billing component for software and service is initially recorded as deferred revenue and subsequently recognized as revenue
on a straight-line basis over the subscription period. 

and , respectively, of produced and licensed content revenue from contracts with customers. 

Produced and licensed content revenues are generated
from the licensing of internally-produced films and television programs. 

Licensed internally-produced films and television
programming, each individual film or episode delivered represents a separate performance obligation and revenues are recognized when the
episode is made available to the licensee for exhibition. For license agreements containing multiple deliverables, revenues are allocated
based on the relative standalone selling price of each film or episode of a television series, which is based on licenses for comparable
films or series within the marketplace. Agreements to license programming are often long term, with collection terms ranging from one to five years. 

The advanced billing component for licensed content
is initially recorded as deferred revenue and subsequently recognized as revenue upon completion of the performance obligation in accordance
with the terms of licensing agreement. 

and , respectively, in other revenue. 

Other revenue corresponds to ecommerce sales,
publishing revenue, and subscription and advertising revenue from the Grom Social mobile application. 

All revenue recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations is considered to be revenue from contracts with customers. The following table depicts the disaggregated revenue listed
above within the Sales caption in the consolidated statements of operations: 

Web Filtering 

Produced and Licensed Content 

Other 

Total Sales 

t have any cash equivalents. 

and , respectively, and was comprised of work-in-progress of and , respectively, and finished
goods of and , respectively. 

Produced and licensed content costs 

Capitalized website development costs 

Total 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost or fair
value if acquired as part of a business combination. Depreciation is computed by the straight-line method and is charged to operations
over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The carrying amount and accumulated
depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the accounts in the year of disposal and any resulting gain or loss is included
in results of operations. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are as follows: 

Capitalized website development cost 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in process is not depreciated until
the construction is completed and the asset is placed into service. 

. The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names and goodwill. 

Goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized
but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment
assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying amount. The evaluation begins with a qualitative assessment to determine
whether a quantitative impairment test is necessary. If, after assessing qualitative factors, the Company determines it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative goodwill impairment test is
performed. 

The quantitative goodwill impairment test used
to identify potential impairment compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. The fair value
of the reporting unit represents the price a market participant would be willing to pay in a potential sale of the reporting unit and
is determined by considering both the income approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and
market approaches are weighted based on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach, the Company determines
fair value based on estimated future cash flows of the reporting unit, which are discounted to the present value using discount factors
that consider the timing and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate, the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach,
which includes an assessment of the risk-free interest rate, the rate of return from publicly traded stocks, the Company s risk
relative to the overall market, the Company s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions
used in the income approach include the terminal value, growth rates, future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public market. 

If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater
than its carrying amount, there is no impairment. If the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. Any impairment
identified is included within goodwill impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Determining the fair value of a reporting unit
is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, strategic plans,
and future market conditions, among others. There can be no assurance that the Company s estimates and assumptions made for purposes
of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause
the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment tests. 

The Company performed its annual fair value assessment
at December 31, 2022 on its subsidiaries with material goodwill and intangible asset amounts on their respective balance sheets and determined
that an impairment charge of was necessary. See Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more information. 

shares from convertible notes, shares from
convertible preferred stock, shares from vested stock options and shares from stock purchase warrants. In computing diluted
EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock
options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

On November 15, 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10,
which (1) provides a framework to stagger effective dates for future major accounting standards and (2) amends the effective dates for
certain major new accounting standards to give implementation relief to certain types of entities. Specifically, ASU 2019-10 amends the
effective date for ASU 2017-04 to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods therein. The Company adopted this
ASU on January 1, 2022, which did not result in a material impact to the consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12,
 Income Taxes (Topic 740) which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income tax accounting guidance, including requirements
such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a business combination, ownership changes in investments,
and interim-period accounting for enacted changes in tax law. The amendment wase effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021, which did not result in a material impact to the consolidated
financial statements and disclosures. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815 40) , ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with
characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity s own equity. The ASU2020-06
amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718),
and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Issuer s Accounting for
Certain Modification or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU 2021-04 ), which clarifies
and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options
due to a lack of explicit guidance in the FASB Codification. ASU 2021-04 provides guidance on modifications or exchanges of freestanding
equity-classified written call options that are not within the scope of another Topic. Entities should treat a modification of the terms
or conditions, or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity-classified after modification
or exchange, as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. ASU 2021-04 provides further guidance on measuring the effect
of such modifications or exchanges, and also provides guidance on the recognition of such modifications or exchanges on the basis of
the substance of the transaction, in the same manner as if cash had been paid as consideration. Management is evaluating the effect of
the adoption of ASU 2021-04 on the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2021, and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2022, which did not result in a
material impact to the consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 

Unbilled accounts receivable 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total accounts receivable, net 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had three customers that accounted for of revenues and two customers that accounted for of accounts receivable. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had four customers that accounted for of revenues and two customers that accounted for
 of accounts receivable. 

Vendor advances 

Prepaid service agreements 

Employee advance and other payroll related items 

Other prepaid expenses and current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid expenses and other assets represent advances
or prepayments made in the normal course and in which the economic benefit is expected to be realized within twelve months. 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Total fixed assets 
 4,587,558 
 (4,326,487 
 261,071 
 4,471,844 
 (3,959,744 
 512,100 
 
 Capital assets not subject to depreciation: 

Construction in progress 

Total fixed assets 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded depreciation expense of and respectively. 

Prepublication costs 

Produced and licensed content costs 

Deposits 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total other assets 

Other noncurrent assets are comprised solely of
guarantee deposits at TDA which are refundable upon termination of contract or delivery of subject matter of the contract. These are initially
recorded at cost which is the fair value at the time of the transaction and are subsequently measured at amortized cost 

of right of use assets and leases liabilities were added related to new operating leases. 

The Company leases approximately 2,100 square
feet of office space in Boca Raton, Florida at the rate of 4,000 per month pursuant to a three-year lease which was renewed for six months
and expired in March 2022. The Florida office space is the location of the Company s corporate headquarters and administrative staff.
In January 2022, the Company signed a new lease agreement to extend the term until March 2024. The total legally binding minimum lease
payments for this lease are approximately 94,898. 

In September 2021, the Company signed a new
lease to secure approximately 1,300 square feet of office space in Manila. The initial term of the lease is 72 months from the
commencement date, January 1, 2022. The Company has the option to renew the lease term for an additional 12 months. The renewal
option is not included in the future minimum lease payments used in determining the ROU liability as management is not reasonably
certain to execute the option. The total legally binding minimum lease payments for this lease are approximately . 

In October 2021, the Company signed a new lease
to secure 1,720 square feet of office space in Los Angeles. The initial term of the lease is 24 months from the commencement date, November
29, 2021 and no renewal option. The total legally binding minimum lease payments for this lease are approximately . 

In August and September 2022, the Company signed
new lease agreements to extend approximately 25,300 square feet of office space in Manila. The lease agreements expire in December 2027.
The total legally binding minimum lease payments for these leases are approximately . 

The future minimum payment obligations at December
31, 2022 for operating leases are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

These operating leases are listed as separate
line items on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and represent the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease
term. The Company s obligation to make lease payments are also listed as separate line items on the Company's Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

Because the rate implicit in each lease is not
readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. 

Information related to the Company's operating right-of-use assets
and related lease liabilities were as follows: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Total rent expense related to lease obligations, reflected in general
and administrative costs line items on the consolidated income statements, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 
and , respectively. 

The following table presents the amortization of the Company s
lease liabilities under ASC 842 at December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

of Curiosity s outstanding membership interests (the Purchased Interests from the Sellers (the
 Acquisition ). 

On August 19, 2021, pursuant to the terms of the
Purchase Agreement, the Company consummated the Acquisition and acquired the Purchased Interests in consideration for the issuance to
the Sellers of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers, pro rata to their membership interests
immediately prior to the closing of the Acquisition. The shares were valued at 2.82 per share which represents the 20-day volume-weighted
average price of the Company s common stock on August 19, 2021. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Company also paid 
and issued an 
eighteen-month convertible promissory note in the principal amount 
(the Note to pay-down and refinance certain outstanding loans and advances previously made to Curiosity by Russell
Hicks and Brett Watts, its co-founders, and current chief content officer and chief creative
officer, respectively. 

The Note is convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company at a conversion price of 98.40 per share, or 29,574 shares, but may not be converted if, after giving effect to
such conversion, the noteholder and its affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the Company s outstanding common
stock. The Note may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part. The Note is subordinate to the Company s senior indebtedness. 

The Sellers also have the ability to earn up to
 17,500,000 (payable 50 in cash and 50 in stock) upon the achievement of certain performance milestones as of December 31, 2025. 

In addition to the tangible assets, goodwill total
 was recorded in connection to the acquisition. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over
the net assets recognized and represents potential future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually
identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 

Common stock issued 

Convertible notes 

Contingent purchase consideration 

Total consideration 

The amounts in the table below represent the allocation
of the purchase price. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date: 

Inventory 

Produced and licensed content cost 

Goodwill and intangible assets 

Accounts payable 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company finalized the purchase price allocation, during the permissible measurement period, and obtained new fair value information
for certain identifiable intangible assets related to its acquisition of Curiosity. The revised purchase price allocation decreased
goodwill by 
and increased intangible assets by .
Additionally, the Company recorded amortization expense of 
related to intangible assets subject to amortization during the year ended December 31, 2022 (of which 7,247 corresponded to the
year ended December 31, 2021). See Note 9 Goodwill and Intangible Assets for more detail. These adjustments did not have a
significant impact on the Company s operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the
individually identifiable intangible assets recognized: 

Books and stories content 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

The Company s results of operations include
results of operations for Curiosity for the year ended December 31, 2022. No pro forma information is presented for the Company s
results of operations as if the acquisition of Curiosity had occurred on January 1, 2021 as results of its operations are not considered
material to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Acquisition of Curiosity 

Impairment charge 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Measurement Period Adjustment 

Impairment charge 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022, the Company performed its
annual impairment tests as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded aggregate impairment charges of ;
of which was attributed to its TD Holdings Ltd animation business acquired in 2016, and was attributed to its Curiosity
Ink Media original content business acquired in 2021. The determination was made as the result of the Company s qualitative assessment
of each business unit, including the decline in animation revenues and delay in monetization of original content properties. 

At December 31, 2021, the Company performed its
annual impairment tests as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its goodwill and recorded an impairment charge totaling ;
all of which was attributed to the assets of its NetSpective Webfilter business acquired in 2017. The determination was made as the result
of the Company s qualitative assessment of its webfiltering business, including a multi-year decline in sales revenue and the unexpected
loss of certain renewal customer accounts. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount
of the Company s goodwill was and , respectively. 

The following table sets forth the components
of the Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Mobile software applications 

NetSpective webfiltering software 

Noncompete agreements 

Licensing agreement 

Subtotal 

Intangible assets not subject to amortization: 

Books and stories content 

Trade names 

Total intangible assets 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization of and , respectively. 

At December 31, 2021, the Company performed its
annual impairment tests as prescribed by ASC 350 on the carrying value of its intangible assets and recorded an impairment charge totaling
 ; all of which was attributed to the assets of its NetSpective Webfilter business acquired in 2017. 

The following table provides information regarding
estimated amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization for each of the following years ending December 31: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Interest on convertible promissory notes 

Other accrued expenses and liabilities 

Total accrued liabilities 

and , respectively. 

Darren Marks s Family 

The Company has engaged the family of Darren Marks,
its Chief Executive Officer, to assist in the development of the Grom Social mobile application. These individuals have created over 1,450
hours of original short form content. Sarah Marks, the wife of Darren Marks, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Zach Marks, Luke
Marks, Jack Marks, Dawson Marks, Caroline Marks and Victoria Marks, each Darren Marks s children, are, or have been, by the Company
employed or independently contracted. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Marks family was paid a total of and , respectively. 

Compensation for services provided by the Marks
family is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Each member of the Marks family is actively involved in the creation of content
for the mobile app, including numerous videos focusing on social responsibility, anti-bullying, digital citizenship, unique blogs, and
special events. 

Liabilities Due to Officers and/or Directors 

On July 13, 2018, our director Dr. Thomas Rutherford
loaned the Company . The loan bears interest at a rate of per annum and was due on August 11, 2018. No notice of default or
demand for payment has been received by the Company. 

The amount of the defined benefit liability reported
under other noncurrent liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet is determined as follows: 

Plan assets 

Total 

The components of the accumulated benefit cost
to be recognized under selling, general and administrative expense in consolidated statement of operations are the service cost (current
service cost, past service cost or credit and settlement gains or losses) and net interest expense on the net defined benefit liability: 

Net interest expense 

Total 

The change in the accumulated benefit cost in
the consolidated balance sheet are as follows: 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 
 
 Expense recognized in other comprehensive income 

Remeasurement on actuarial gain (loss) recognized 

() 
 
 Contributions paid 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, end of year 

The cumulative amount of actuarial gains recognized
in other comprehensive income is as follows: 

() 
 
 Foreign currency translation 

() 

Actuarial gain (loss) 

() 

Balance, end of year 

Tax effect 

() 

() 
 
 Cumulative actuarial gain (loss), net of tax 

The assumptions used to determine retirement benefits
for the years ended December 31 are as follows: 

Salary increase rate 

The average duration of the accrued retirement
benefit cost as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is years and years, respectively. 

10 Senior Secured Convertible Note with Original Issuance Discount (L1 Capital Global Master Fund or L1 

10 Secured Convertible Notes with Original Issuance Discounts (OID Notes) 

12 Senior Secured Convertible Notes (TDH Secured Notes) 

12 Senior Secured Convertible Notes (Additional Secured Notes) 

Loan discounts 

Total convertible notes, net 

Less: current portion of convertible notes, net 

Convertible notes, net 

8 Unsecured Convertible Notes (Curiosity) 

On July 29, 2021, the Company entered into a membership
interest purchase agreement with Curiosity and the holders of all of Curiosity s outstanding membership interests, for the purchase
of 80 of Curiosity s outstanding membership interests from the sellers. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the Company issued
8 eighteen-month convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount to pay-down and refinance certain outstanding
loans and advances previously made by certain of its principals. The notes are convertible into shares of common stock of the Company
at a conversion price of per share but may not be converted if, after giving effect to such conversion, the noteholder and its
affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock. The notes may be prepaid at any
time, in whole or in part. The notes are subordinate to the Company s senior indebtedness. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the Curiosity notes was . 

8 Convertible Promissory Notes (Bridge
Notes) 

On November 30, 2020, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with EMA Financial, LLC EMA pursuant to which the Company issued to EMA a nine-month 8 
convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the EMA Note for a investment. The term of the
EMA Note may be extended by EMA up to an additional year. The EMA Note is convertible into common stock of the Company at any time after
180 days from issuance. The conversion price of the EMA Note is equal to the lower of: (i) 57.60 per share, or (ii) 70 of the lowest
trading price of the common stock during the ten consecutive trading days including and immediately preceding the conversion date. 

On February 17, 2021, the terms of the EMA financing
were amended to (i) reduce the conversion rate to 38.40, and (ii) add a three-year warrant to purchase up to 2,708 shares of the Company s
common stock, at an exercise price of 48.00 per share. On May 19, 2021, the terms of the EMA financing were further amended to (i) increase
the interest rate to 12 , and (ii) add a three-year warrant (the EMA Warrant to purchase up to 1,295 shares of the Company s
common stock, at an exercise price of 57.60 per share. 

ASC 470-20 requires proceeds from the sale of
a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants be allocated to the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument
without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at the time of issuance. In connection with the EMA warrant issuance, the Company
allocated an aggregate fair value of 104,760 to the stock warrants and recorded a debt discount which will be amortized to interest expense
over the term of the loan using the effective interest method so the debt, at its term, is recorded at its face value. The Company estimated
the fair value of the warrants at date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price
on the date of grant ranging between 48.00 and 134.40, (ii) the contractual term of the warrant of 3 years, (iii) a risk-free interest
rate of 0.19 and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying common stock ranging between 224.9 and 258.6 . 

On May 24, 2021, EMA Warrant was amended to delete
the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision and the EMA Note was amended to delete the variable conversion price feature. 

On June 2, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to EMA upon the conversion of in note principal and in conversion fees. On June 17, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to EMA upon the conversion of in note principal and in conversion fees. On August 20, 2021,
the Company issued shares of common stock to EMA upon the conversion of in note principal and in accrued interest
and conversion fees. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the EMA Note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

On December 17, 2020, the Company entered into
a note purchase agreement with Quick Capital, LLC Quick Capital pursuant to which the Company issued Quick Capital a
nine-month convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 
 (the Quick Note for a 
 investment, which included an original issuance discount of 8 and a 4,500 credit for Quick Capital s transaction expenses.
The Quick Note may be converted into shares of common stock at (i) a 30 discount to the lowest price per share of any debt or securities
offering by the Company if the Company s common stock is listed on NASDAQ or NYSE within 90 days of the Quick Note issuance; (ii)
the lesser of (A) 38.40 or (B) a 30 discount to the average of the two lowest closing prices during the ten trading days prior to the
conversion date; (iii) 38.40 per share, upon an event of default as described in the Note. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the note for a beneficial conversion feature, for which the Company concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed. The beneficial
conversion feature was measured using the commitment-date stock price and its fair value was determined to be . This amount is
recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

In connection with the Quick Note issuance, the
Company also issued a three-year warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of 48.00 per share. ASC 470-20 requires proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants be allocated to
the two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at the time
of issuance. This resulted in the debt being recorded at a discount which will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan
using the effective interest method so the debt, at its term, is recorded at its face value. The Company estimated the fair value of this
warrant at date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant
of 48.00, (ii) the contractual term of the warrant of 3 years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of 0.19 and (iv) an expected volatility
of the price of the underlying common stock of 224.3 . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of to the stock warrants. 

On May 21, 2021, the Quick Note was amended to
replace the variable conversion price with a fixed conversion price of 38.40 per share and the Quick Warrant was amended to delete the
full-ratchet anti-dilution provision. 

On June 21, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to Quick Capital upon the conversion of in note principal and in penalties and accrued interest. On June
28, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to Quick Capital upon the conversion of in note principal. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the Quick Note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus pursuant to which the Company issued to Auctus a twelve-month
12 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the Auctus Note ). The note is convertible into shares
common stock at a conversion price of 57.60 per share. The Company received net proceeds of after deducting fees and expenses
related to the transaction. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the note for a beneficial conversion feature, for which the Company concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed. The beneficial
conversion feature was measured using the commitment-date stock price and its allocable fair value was determined to be . This
amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

In connection with the note issuance, Auctus was
also issued a five-year warrant (the Auctus Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock, at an exercise price of 57.60 per share. The Company estimated the fair value of this warrant at date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of 134.40, (ii) the contractual term
of the warrant of 5 years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of 0.48 and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying common
stock of 259.2 . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded debt discount to be amortized
as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

On May 25, 2021, Auctus Warrant was amended to
delete the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision. 

On July 14, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to Auctus upon the conversion of in note principal and in accrued interest and conversion fees. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the Auctus Note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

On March 11, 2021, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement with FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC FirstFire pursuant to which the Company issued
to FirstFire a twelve-month 12 convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the FirstFire Note ). The
first twelve months of interest 36,000) is guaranteed and deemed to be earned in full as of the date of issuance. At any time after
180 days from the date of issuance, FirstFire may convert any amount due under the note into shares of the Company s common stock
at a conversion price of 57.60 per share. The Company received net proceeds of after deducting fees and expenses related to
the transaction. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the note for a beneficial conversion feature, for which the Company concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed. The beneficial
conversion feature was measured using the commitment-date stock price and its allocable fair value was determined to be . This
amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

In connection with the issuance of the note, FirstFire
was also issued a five-year warrant (the FirstFire Warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock, at an exercise price of 57.60 per share. The Company estimated the fair value of this warrant at date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of 124.80, (ii) the contractual term
of the warrant of 5 years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of 0.78 and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying common
stock of 258.6 . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded debt discount to be amortized
as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

On May 20, 2021, the FirstFire Note was amended
to replace the variable conversion feature price with a fixed conversion price of 57.60 and the FirstFire Warrant was amended to delete
the full ratchet anti-dilution provision. 

On June 17, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to FirstFire upon the conversion of in note principal and in accrued interest. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the FirstFire Note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

On April 16, 2021, the Company entered into a
securities purchase agreement with Labrys Fund, LP Labrys ), pursuant to which the Company issued to Labrys a one-year convertible
promissory note in the principal amount of (the Labrys Note ). The Labrys Note bears interest at a rate of 12 per
annum. The first twelve months of interest 36,000) is guaranteed and deemed to be earned in full as of the date of issuance. Labrys
may convert any amount due under the Labrys Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 57.60 per share.
The Company received net proceeds of , after deducting fees and expenses related to the transaction. 

In connection with the issuance of the note, Labrys
was also issued a five-year warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock (the Labrys
Warrant ), at an exercise price of 57.60 per share. The Company estimated the fair value of this warrant at date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of 191.10, (ii) the contractual
term of the warrant of 5 years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of 0.84 and (iv) an expected volatility of the price of the underlying
common stock of 251.2 . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded debt discount to
be amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

On May 22, 2021, the Labrys Warrant was amended
to delete the full-ratchet anti-dilution provision. 

On June 17, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to Labrys upon the conversion of in note principal and in accrued interest. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the Labrys Note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

10 Unsecured Convertible Redeemable Note
 Variable Conversion Price 

On March 1, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
redeemable note to an unrelated party in the principal amount of . The note accrues interest at a rate of 10 per annum, was due
on August 31, 2020 and is convertible into common stock of the Company at the option of the noteholder at a rate equal to a 30 discount
from the lowest volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock in the preceding 20 trading days. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the note for a beneficial conversion feature, for which the Company concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed. The beneficial
conversion feature was measured using the commitment-date stock price and its fair value was determined to be .
This amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the note. 

In connection with the note issuance, the Company
also issued a five-year warrant to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price
of 96.00 per share. ASC 470-20 requires proceeds from the sale of a debt instrument with stock purchase warrants be allocated to the
two elements based on the relative fair values of the debt instrument without the warrants and of the warrants themselves at the time
of issuance. This resulted in the debt being recorded at a discount which will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan
using the effective interest method so the debt, at its term, is recorded at its face value. The Company estimated the fair value of this
warrant at date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant
of 96.00, (ii) the contractual term of the warrant of 5 years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of 0.89 and (iv) an expected volatility
of the price of the underlying common stock of 144.4 . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of 30,935 to the stock warrants. 

On April 14, 2021, the Company issued shares
of common stock to the noteholder upon the conversion of in note principal and of accrued interest. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of this note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

On November 20, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
redeemable note to an unrelated party in the principal amount of less a original issuance discount resulting in net cash
proceeds to the Company of . The note accrues interest at a rate of 10 per annum, is due on February 15, 2021 and is convertible
into common stock of the Company at the option of the noteholder at a rate equal to a 30 discount from the lowest volume weighted average
price of the Company s common stock in the preceding 20 trading days. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the note for a beneficial conversion feature, for which the Company concluded that a beneficial conversion feature existed. The beneficial
conversion feature was measured using the commitment-date stock price and its fair value was determined to be . This amount is
recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the note. 

On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into
a debt exchange agreement with the holder of the convertible promissory note, in the aggregate amount of of outstanding principal
and accrued and unpaid interest. Pursuant to the terms of the debt exchange agreement, the holder exchanged the outstanding note, and
all amounts owed by the Company thereunder, for shares of the Company s 8 Series B convertible preferred stock. At the
time of the exchange, all amounts due under the note was deemed to be paid in full and the note was cancelled. No extinguishment gain
or loss was recognized as a result of the exchange. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of this note was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

10 Senior Secured Convertible Note with
Original Issuance Discount (L1) 

On September 14, 2021, the Company entered
into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with L1 Capital Global Master Fund L1 pursuant to which it issued (i) a 10 original issue discount senior secured convertible note in the principal amount of 
to L1 (the L1 Note and (ii) a five-year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an
exercise price of per share Warrant Shares in exchange for (the First Tranche
Financing ). The Purchase Agreement also provided, subject to shareholder approval, for the issuance, subject to certain
conditions, of an additional of notes and warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Second Tranche
Financing on the same terms. 

The L1 Note is convertible by L1 into common stock
of the Company at a price of per share, or approximately 34,921 shares. It is repayable in equal monthly installments of
 with certain deferments or an acceleration of up to three months' payments. The Company may repay the L1 Note in cash or shares
of common stock at a price equal to the lesser of the then conversion price or 95 of the lowest daily VWAP during the ten consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the monthly payment date, but in no event less than 57.60. In the event that VWAP drops below 57.60,
the Company will have the right to pay at such VWAP with any shortfall paid in cash. The L1 Note is senior to all other Company indebtedness
and the Company s obligations under the note are secured by all of the assets of the Company s subsidiaries. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the warrant
at date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following inputs: (i) stock price on the date of grant of ,
(ii) the contractual term of the warrant of years, (iii) a risk-free interest rate of and (iv) an expected volatility of the price
of the underlying common stock of . As a result, the Company allocated a fair value of to the stock warrants and recorded
debt discount to be amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible note. 

On October 20, 2021, the Company and L1 entered
into an amended and restated purchase agreement which increased the amount of the Second Tranche Financing from to 
and provides (i) for an amended and restated 10 original issue discount senior secured convertible note to be issued in exchange for
the L1 Note pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (ii) for the issuance of a five-year warrant to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 126.00 per share. 

In the event the principal amount of the L1 Note
issued in the First Tranche Financing, when aggregated with the L1 Note to be issued in the Second Tranche Financing, exceeds 25 of the
market capitalization of the Company s common stock as reported by Bloomberg L.P, then the principal amount to be issued in the
Second Tranche Financing will be limited to 25 , in the aggregate of both L1 Notes, unless waived in the sole discretion of the Purchaser. 

On November 30, 2021, the Company issued 4,329
shares of common stock to L1 upon the conversion of 275,000 in principal and 5,500 in financing costs for the repayment of monthly installments
required under the L1 Note. 

During the three months ended March 31, 2022,
the Company issued an aggregate shares of common stock to L1 upon the conversion of of outstanding principal. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal
balance of these notes was and , respectively, and the remaining balance on the associated loan discounts was and ,
respectively. 

10 Senior Secured Convertible Note with
Original Issuance Discount (L1 Second Tranche) 

On January 20, 2022 (the Second
Tranche Closing ), the Company and L1 Capital closed on the Second Tranche of the offering, resulting in the issuance of (i) a
 
Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note, due July 20, 2023, (the Second Tranche Note and (ii) a five
year warrant to purchase 
shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of 
per share (the Second Tranche Warrants ), in exchange for consideration of (i.e.
the face amount less the 10 Original Issue Discount of ). 

In connection with the Second Tranche Closing,
the Company paid to EF Hutton a fee of . 

The Second Tranche Note is convertible into common
stock of the Company at a rate of 126.00 per share (the Conversion Price into 13,889 shares of common stock (the Second
Tranche Conversion Shares and, is repayable in equal monthly installments of 111,563 commencing on the date that the SEC declares
a registration statement with respect to the resale of such shares effective, with all remaining amounts due on July 20, 2023. The Second
Tranche Note is repayable by payment of cash, or, at the discretion of the Company and if the below listed Equity Conditions 
are met, by issuance of shares of the common stock at a price of 95 of the lowest daily VWAP during the ten-trading day period prior
to the respective monthly redemption dates (with a floor of 57.60) multiplied by 102 of the amount due on such date. In the event that
the ten-trading day VWAP drops below 57.60 the Company will have the right to pay in stock at such ten-trading day VWAP with any shortfall
paid in cash. The Conversion Price may be adjusted in the event of dilutive issuances but in no event to less than 16.20 (the Monthly
Conversion Price ). 

The Company s right to make monthly
payments in stock in lieu of cash for the Second Tranche Note is conditioned on certain conditions (the Equity
Conditions ). The Equity Conditions required to be met each month in order to redeem the Second Tranche Note with stock in
lieu of a monthly cash payment, among other conditions set forth therein, include without limitation, that a registration statement
be in effect with respect to the resale of the shares issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Second Tranche Note (or, that an
exemption under Rule 144 is available), that no default be in effect, that the average daily trading volume of the Company s
common stock would have to be at least 
during the five trading days prior to the respective monthly redemption and that the outstanding principal amounts of the First
Tranche Note and Second Tranche Note combined, shall not exceed 30 of the market capitalization of the Company s common stock
as reported on Bloomberg L.P., which percentage is subject to increase by L1 Capital at its sole discretion. 

Other provisions of the Second Tranche Note, which
is similar in terms to the First Tranche Note, include that the Second Tranche Note Conversion Price is subject to full anti-dilution
price protections in the event of financings that are below the Conversion Price with a floor of . 

In the event of an Event of Default as defined
in the notes, if the stock price is below the Conversion Price at the time of default and only for so long as a default is continuing,
the Second Tranche Notes would be convertible at a rate of 80 of the lowest VWAP in the ten prior trading days, provided, that if the
default is cured the default conversion rate elevates back to the normal Conversion Price 

As part of the Second Tranche Closing, the Company
issued Second Tranche Warrants exercisable for five years from the date of issuance, at per share which carry the same anti-dilution
protection as the Second Tranche Notes, subject to the same adjustment floor. The Second Tranche Warrants are exercisable via cashless
exercise only for so long as no registration statement covering resale of the shares is in effect. 

The Second Tranche Note continues to be subject
to (i) the repayment and performance guarantees by the subsidiaries of the Company pursuant to a subsidiary guaranty and, (ii) the Security
Agreement pursuant to which the L1 Capital was granted a security interest in all of the assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries,
each as entered into in connection with the First Tranche closing on September 14, 2021. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate 108,025 shares of common stock and repaid 1,146,901 in cash to L1 upon the conversion of 1,750,000 of outstanding
principal. 

As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance
of these notes was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. 

10 Secured Convertible Notes with Original
Issuance Discounts (OID Notes) 

On August 6, 2020, the Company entered into debt
exchange agreements with certain holders of these 10 convertible notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Series B preferred stock Series B Stock) were issued to noteholders for an aggregate of of outstanding principal and
accrued and unpaid interest. The Company recognized an extinguishment loss of as a result of the exchange. 

On November 30, 2020, the Company entered into
a debt exchange agreement with the remaining holder of these 10 convertible notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of
Series B Stock were issued to the noteholder for an aggregate of of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. The
Company recognized an extinguishment loss of as a result of the exchange. 

On July 19, 2021, the Company repaid of
outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest to a 10 secured convertible noteholder. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal
balance of these notes was and all associated loan discounts were fully amortized. No notices of default or demands for payment
have been received by the Company. 

12 Senior Secured Convertible Notes (Original TDH Notes) 

On June 20, 2016, the Company issued 
of senior secured promissory notes to the shareholders of TD Holdings (the TDH Sellers in connection with a share sale
agreement pursuant to which the Company acquired 100 of the common stock of TD Holdings the TDH Share Sale Agreement ).
The notes bear interest at 5.0 per annum and are due on the earlier of (i) June 20, 2018 or (ii) the date on which the Company successfully
completes a qualified initial public offering as defined in the agreement. The notes are collateralized by all of the assets of TD Holdings. 

First Amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement 

On January 3, 2018, the Company entered into an
amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement (the First Amendment ). Under the terms of the First Amendment: 

The maturity date of the notes was extended from July 1, 2018 until July 1, 2019. 

The interest rate on the notes during for one-year extension period from July 2, 2018 to July 1, 2019 was increased to 10 . 

Interest is payable quarterly in arrears during the one-year extension period, instead of annually in arrears. The first such quarterly interest payment of 100,000 is due on September 30, 2018. 

Under the terms of the terms of TDH Share Sale Agreement, the TDH Sellers could earn up to an additional 5.0 million in contingent earnout payments. The original earnout period ended on December 31, 2018. The First Amendment extended the earnout period by one year to December 31, 2019. 

As consideration to enter into the First Amendment,
the Company issued shares of its common stock valued at to the TDH Sellers. 

Second Amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement 

On January 15, 2019, the Company entered into
a second amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement (the Second Amendment ). Under the terms of the Second Amendment: 

The maturity date of the notes was extended from July 1, 2019 to April 2, 2020. 

The TDH Sellers shall have the right to convert the notes at a conversion price of 259.20 per share, either in whole or in part at any time prior to the maturity, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Second Amendment. 

In the event that the notes are not repaid prior to July 2, 2019, no funds will be transferred by TDH to the Company. 

The payment terms of the contingent earnout was modified from 50 payable in cash and 50 payable in stock to 75 payable in cash and 25 payable in stock. 

As consideration to enter into the Second Amendment,
the Company issued an additional shares of its common stock valued at to the TDH Sellers. 

Due to the inclusion of a conversion feature,
the Second Amendment was considered an extinguishment and subsequent reissuance of the notes under the guidelines of ASC 470-20-40-7 through
40-9. As a result, the Company recorded a loss on the extinguishment of debt of related to the Second Amendment during the year
ended December 31, 2019. 

The principal value of the notes was reclassified
to convertible notes, net current on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Third Amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement 

On March 16, 2020, the Company entered into a
third amendment (the Third Amendment to the TDH Share Sale Agreement, pursuant to which the Company s subsidiary,
Grom Holdings, had acquired 100 of the common stock of TDH (representing ownership of the animation studio) from certain individuals
(the TDH Sellers ). The Company used the proceeds received from the TDH Secured Notes Offering to pay the TDH Sellers 
of the principal due under the Original TDH Notes, leaving a principal amount due to the TDH Sellers of (plus accrued interest
and costs). In addition, the accrued interest of due to the TDH Sellers pursuant to the Original TDH Notes was paid in three
monthly payments of 93,922, commencing April 16, 2020, and twelve-monthly installments of 6,667 commencing April 16, 2020. 

Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the TDH Sellers
and the Company agreed, among other things: 

To extend the maturity date of the remaining Original TDH Notes by one year to ; 

To increase the interest rate on the remaining Original TDH Notes to ; 

To grant a first priority security interest on the shares of TDH and TDAHK to the TDH Sellers, pari passu with the holders of the TDH Secured Notes; and 

To pay the balance of the Original TDH Notes monthly in arrears, amortized over a four-year period. 

On August 18, 2021, the Company paid the TDH Sellers
an aggregate of , representing all remaining amounts due and payable under the TDH Secured Notes. As a result, the TDH Sellers
released the pledged shares of TDH and its subsidiary, Top Draw Animation Hong Kong Limited from escrow. The TDH Sellers have no further
security interest in the assets of the Company or its subsidiaries. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance
of the Original TDH Notes was . 

12 Senior Secured Convertible Notes TDH
Secured Notes 

On March 16, 2020, the Company sold (the TDH
Secured Notes Offering an aggregate of its 12 senior secured convertible notes (the TDH Secured Notes ),
to eleven accredited investors (the TDH Secured Note Lenders ), pursuant to a subscription agreement with the TDH Secured
Note Lenders. Interest on the TDH Secured Notes accrues on the outstanding principal amount at the rate of 12 per annum. Principal and
interest on the TDH Secured Notes are payable monthly, on an amortized basis over 48 months, with the last payment due on .
Pursuant to the TDH Secured Notes, TD Holdings will pay amounts due under the TDH Secured Notes. Prepayment of amounts due under TDH Secured
Notes is subject to a prepayment penalty in an amount equal to 4 of the amount prepaid. 

The TDH Secured Notes are convertible at the option
of the holders at 75 of the average sales price of the Company s common stock over the 60 trading days immediately preceding conversion
provided that the conversion price shall not be less than 96.00 per share. 

The Company s obligations under the TDH
Secured Notes, are secured by Grom Holdings shares of stock of TDH, and of its wholly owned subsidiary, TDAHK. The TDH Secured
Notes rank equally and ratably on a pari passu basis with (i) the other TDH Secured Notes and (ii) the Original TDH Notes issued by the
Company pursuant to TDH Share Sale Agreement. 

If the Company sells the animation studio located
in Manila, Philippines, which is currently owned by TDH through TDAHK (the Animation Studio ), for more than 12,000,000,
and so long as any amount of principal is outstanding under the TDH Secured Notes, the Company will pay the TDH Secured Notes holders
from the proceeds of the sale (i) all amounts of principal outstanding under the TDH Secured Notes, (ii) such amount of interest which
would be due and payable assuming the TDH Secured Notes were held to maturity (minus any amounts of interest previously paid hereunder),
and (iii) an additional 10 of the amount of principal outstanding under the TDH Secured Notes within five days of the closing of such
sale. 

In connection with the issuance of the TDH Secured
Notes, the Company issued to each TDH Secured Note holder shares of common stock equal to 20 of the principal amount of such holder s
TDH Secured Note, divided by 96.00. Accordingly, an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued to the TDH Secured Note holders
on March 16, 2020. These shares were valued at , or 67.20 per share, which represents fair market value. The Company recorded
the value of these shares as a loan discount to be amortized as interest expense over the term of the notes. 

On August 6, 2020, the Company entered into debt
exchange agreements with certain holders of these 12 TDH Secured Notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Series B Stock were issued to noteholders for an aggregate of 1,101,000 of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. The
Company recognized an extinguishment loss of 598,042 as a result of the exchange. 

On November 30, 2020, the Company entered into
a debt exchange agreement with another holder of these 12 TDH Secured Notes pursuant to which an aggregate of 158,000 shares of Series
B Stock were issued to the noteholder for an aggregate of 99,633 of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. The Company
recognized an extinguishment loss of 58,367 as a result of the exchange. 

On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into
debt exchange agreements with certain holders of these 12 TDH Secured Notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of the
Company s Series B Stock were issued to noteholders for an aggregate of of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid
interest. The Company recognized an extinguishment loss of 850,103 as a result of the exchange. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal
balance of these notes was and , respectively, and the remaining balance on the associated loan discounts was 
and , respectively. 

12 Senior Secured Convertible Notes (Additional
Secured Notes) 

On March 16, 2020, the Company issued to seven
accredited investors (the Additional Secured Note Lenders an aggregate of of its senior secured convertible
notes (the Additional Secured Notes in a private offering pursuant to a subscription agreement with substantially the same
terms as the TDH Secured Notes except that the Additional Secured Notes are secured by all of the assets of the Company other than the
shares and other assets of TDH and TDAHK, pursuant to a security agreement by and among the Company and the Additional Secured Note Lenders. 

Interest on the Additional Secured Notes accrues
on the outstanding principal amount at the rate of 12 per annum. Principal and interest on the Additional Secured Notes are payable monthly,
on an amortized basis over 48 months, with the last payment due on . Prepayment of the amounts due under the Additional
Secured Notes is subject to a prepayment penalty of 4 of the amount prepaid. 

The Additional Secured Notes are convertible at
the option of the holders at 75 of the average sales price of the Company s common stock over the 60 trading days immediately preceding
conversion provided that the conversion price shall not be less than 96.00 per share. 

In connection with the issuance of the Additional
Secured Notes, the Company issued to each Additional Secured Note Lender shares of common stock equal to 20 of the principal amount of
such holder s Additional Secured Note, divided by 96.00. Accordingly, an aggregate of shares of common stock were issued.
These shares were valued at , or 67.20 per share, which represents fair market value. The Company recorded the value of these
shares as a loan discount to be amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible notes. 

On August 6, 2020, the Company entered into debt
exchange agreements with certain holders of these 12 Additional Secured Notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of the
Company s Series B Stock were issued to noteholders for an aggregate of of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid
interest. The Company recognized an extinguishment loss of 424,375 as a result of the exchange. 

On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into
debt exchange agreements with certain holders of these 12 Additional Secured Notes pursuant to which an aggregate of shares of
the Company s Series B Stock were issued to noteholders for an aggregate of of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid
interest. The Company recognized an extinguishment loss of 97,077 as a result of the exchange. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal
balance of these notes was ,
and ,
respectively, and the remaining balance on the associated loan discounts was 
and ,
respectively. 

Future Minimum Principal Payments 

The principal repayments based upon the maturity
dates of the Company s borrowings for each of the next five years are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

which represents the fair value transferred to the note holder from the down round feature being triggered. The fair value of
derivative liability was calculated using the Monte Carlo simulation with the following factors, assumptions and methodologies: 

Strike price 

Risk-free rate 

Annualized volatility 

Forecast horizon in years 

Alternative Conversion Discount 

Maximum Shares to be Delivered 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, L1
Capital converted 
of the Second Tranche convertible note for 
shares and a cash settlement of ,
resulting in a 
loss on settlement of derivative. 

Changes in the unobservable input values would
likely cause material changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial instruments. The significant unobservable
input (probability of a down round event) used in the fair value measurement is the estimation of the likelihood of the occurrence of
a change in the contractual terms of the financial instruments. A significant increase (decrease) in this likelihood or in the volatility
assumptions would result in a higher (lower) fair value measurement. 

The fair value of the Company s financial
instruments carried at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Schedule of financial instruments 

December 31, 2022 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Liabilities: 

Contingent Purchase Consideration 

Total Liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Liabilities: 

Contingent Purchase Consideration 

Total Liabilities 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes
in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Contingent Purchase Consideration 

Total Liabilities 

Level 3 Financial Liabilities for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Balance January 1, 2021 
 Realized (Gains) Losses 
 Additions 
 Settlements 
 Unrealized (Gains) Losses 
 Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 Liabilities: 

Contingent Purchase Consideration 

Total Liabilities 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total deferred 

Total 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation
of income tax expense (benefit) at the federal statutory rate to recorded income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021: 

State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 
 - 

Foreign deferred tax adjustment 
 - 

Noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Foreign tax differential 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

The following tables set forth the components of income taxes payable
at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total 

The following tables set forth the components of deferred income taxes
at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Write down of investment(s) 

Deferred revenue net 

Other 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total non-current deferred tax asset 

Total deferred tax asset 

Certain prior year deferred income tax balances
have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation. The changes do not have any financial impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
million , 
million , and .0
million, respectively. Approximately 
million of these NOL's begin to expire in 2032 and million currently do not expire. The million of state NOL's do not
expire and the foreign NOL's begin to expire in 2023. The federal and state NOL's may be subject to limitation under IRS Sec. 382,
the analysis of which is not yet complete. The Company has established a full valuation allowance against the US federal, state and
foreign NOL carryforwards as well as its other US and foreign deferred tax assets based on an assessment that it is more likely than
not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in future years. 

The Company remains subject to examination in
federal, state and foreign jurisdictions in which the Company conducts its operations and files tax returns. These tax years range from
2016 through 2022. The Company believes that the results of current or any prospective audits will not have a material effect on its financial
position or results of operations. 

The Company has made its assessment of the level
of tax authority for each tax position, including the potential application of interest and penalties, based on the technical merits and
determined that no unrecognized tax benefits associated with the tax positions exist. 

shares of preferred stock, par value of per share. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On February 22, 2019, the Company designated 
shares of its preferred stock as 10 Series A convertible preferred stock, par value per share Series A Stock ). 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company had shares of Series A Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

On August 4, 2020, the Company filed with the
Secretary of State of the State of Florida a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Stock designating
10,000,000 shares as Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Stock ). 

On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into
debt exchange agreements with holders of three of the Company s convertible promissory notes in the aggregate amount of 
of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. Pursuant to the terms of the debt exchange agreements, the holders exchanged
the outstanding notes, and all amounts owed by the Company thereunder, for an aggregate of shares of the Company s Series
B Stock. At the time of the exchange, all amounts due under the notes were deemed to be paid in full and the notes were cancelled. 

On February 17, 2021, the Company entered into
subscription agreements with two accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company sold the investors an aggregate of shares
of Series B Stock for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

On March 31, 2021, the Company entered into subscription
agreements with two accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company sold the investors an aggregate of shares of Series B
Stock for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series B Stock with a fair market value of to its attorneys for legal services rendered. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company entered into exchange
agreements with all of the holders of Series B Stock (the Series B Holders ), pursuant to which the Series B Holders agreed
to exchange all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series B Stock for shares of the Company s newly designated Series C Stock,
on a one for one basis. As a result of the exchange, all issued and outstanding shares of Series B Stock was exchanged for 
shares of Series C Stock, and all of the exchanged shares of Series B Stock were cancelled. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
 shares of Series B Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series C Preferred Stock 

On May 20, 2021, the Company filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Florida a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Stock designating 10,000,000
shares as Series C Preferred Stock (the Series C Stock ). The Series C Stock ranks senior and prior to all other classes
or series of the Company s preferred stock and common stock. 

The holder may, at any time after the 6-month
anniversary of the issuance of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, convert such shares into common stock at a conversion rate of 57.60
per share. In addition, the Company may, at any time after the issuance of the shares, convert any or all of the outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock at a conversion rate of 57.60 per share. 

Each share of Series C Stock entitles the holder
to 1.5625 votes for each share of Series C Stock. The consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares of Series C Stock is
required for the amendment to any of the terms of the Series C Stock, to create any additional class of stock unless the stock ranks junior
to the Series C Stock, to make any distribution or dividend on any securities ranking junior to the Series C Stock, to merge or sell all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company or acquire another business or effectuate any liquidation of the Company. 

Cumulative dividends accrue on each share of Series
C Stock at the rate of 8 per annum of the stated value of 1.00 per share and are payable in arrears quarterly commencing 90 days from
issuance. The dividend shall be payable in shares of common stock (a PIK Dividend and are be due and payable on the date
on which such PIK Dividend was declared. 

Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the Company, the holders of the Series C Stock are entitled to 1.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. No distribution
may be made to holders of shares of capital stock ranking junior to the Series C Stock upon a liquidation until Series C stockholders
receive their liquidation preference. The holders of 66 2/3 of the then outstanding shares of Series C Stock, may elect to deem a merger,
reorganization or consolidation of the Company into or with another corporation, not affiliated with said majority, or other similar transaction
or series of related transactions in which more than 50 of the voting power of the Company is disposed of in exchange for property, rights
or securities distributed to holders thereof by the acquiring person, firm or other entity, or the sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company entered into exchange
agreements with all of the holders of Series B Stock (the Series B Holders ), pursuant to which the Series B Holders agreed
to exchange all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series B Stock for shares of Series C Stock, on a one for one basis. As a result
of the exchange, all 9,215,059 issued and outstanding shares of Series B Stock was exchanged for 9,215,059 shares of the Company s
Series C Stock, and all of the exchanged shares of Series B Stock were cancelled. 

On June 11, 2021, the Company entered into subscription
agreements with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company sold the investor an aggregate of shares of Series C Stock
for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

On September 10, 2021, the Company entered into
a debt exchange agreement with a holder of a 10 convertible note pursuant to which shares of the Company s Series C Stock
was issued for of outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest. 

On January 24, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to a stockholder upon the conversion of shares of Series C preferred stock. 

On July 29, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock to a stockholder upon the conversion of 
 shares of Series C preferred stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had shares and shares of Series C Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company declared cumulative dividends totaling and , respectively, for amounts accrued on its Series C Stock. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of common stock, par value of per share and had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Reverse Stock Splits 

On April 7, 2021, the board of directors of the
Company approved, and on April 8, 2021, the Company s shareholders approved, an increase to the range of the ratio for a reverse
stock split to a ratio of no less than 1-for-2 and no more than 1-for-50. On May 6, 2021, the board fixed the ratio for a reverse stock
split at and, on May 7, 2021, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation with the Secretary
of State of the State of Florida to effect the reverse stock split which became effective as of May 13, 2021. The Company s common
stock began being quoted on the OTCQB on a post-reverse split basis beginning on May 19, 2021. 

On October 4, 2022, the Board and shareholders
approved the granting of authority to the Board to amend the Company s articles of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split
of the issued and outstanding shares of its common stock, by a ratio of no less than 1-for-2 and no more than 1-for-30, with the exact
ratio to be determined by the Board in its sole discretion, and with such reverse stock split to be effective at such time and date, if
at all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. On December 9, 2022, the Board effected a reverse stock split in connection
with our continued listing of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq. 

The reverse stock split did not have any impact
on the number of authorized shares of common stock, which remains at shares. All share and per share information in this prospectus
reflects the reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock at a ratio of . 

Registered Offerings 

On June 21, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate
of 80,321 units Units ), at a price to the public of 124.50 per Unit (the Offering ), each Unit consisting
of one share of the Company s common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 136.95 per
share (the Warrants ), pursuant to a underwriting agreement, dated as of June 16, 2021 (the Underwriting Agreement ),
between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative EF Hutton of the several
underwriters named in the Underwriting Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted EF Hutton a
45-day option (the Over-Allotment Option to purchase up to 12,048 additional Units, to cover over-allotments in connection
with the Offering, which EF Hutton exercised with respect to Warrants exercisable for up to an additional 12,048 shares of common stock.
The Company received gross proceeds of approximately 10,000,000 in the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other offering expenses. 

On July 15, 2021, EF Hutton exercised in full
the Over-Allotment Option with respect to all additional shares of the Company s common stock for total gross proceeds to
the Company of approximately , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

On December 8, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate
of units (the Units and pre-funded units (the Pre-Funded Units ), with (a) each Unit consisting
of: (i) one share of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and (ii) two warrants (the Warrants ),
each Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at per share (100 of the offering price per Unit); and (b) each Pre-Funded Unit
consisting of: (i) one pre-funded warrant (the Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at ;
and (ii) two Warrants. The Warrants will be immediately exercisable and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance
date. The Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable immediately and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are
exercised in full. The Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrant will be issued pursuant to a warrant agent agreement (the Warrant Agent
Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Equiniti Trust Company, as warrant agent. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement,
the Company granted the Underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional Units and/or Pre-Funded Units to cover over-allotments.
On December 12, 2022 the Underwriter exercised in part, the over-allotment to purchase Warrants. 

The Company received gross proceeds of approximately
 in the Offering, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

Private Offerings 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
we sold shares of common stock for gross proceeds of to accredited investors in a private offering. 

Common Stock Issued as Compensation to Employees,
Officers and/or Directors 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock with a fair market value of to an officer as compensation. 

Common Stock Issued in Exchange for Consulting,
Professional and Other Services 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock with a fair market value of to contractors for services rendered. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock with a fair market value of to contractors for services rendered. 

Common Stock Issued in Connection with the
Conversion of Convertible Note Principal and Accrued Interest 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock upon the conversion of in convertible note principal and accrued interest. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock upon the conversion of in convertible note principal and accrued interest. 

Common Stock Issued in Connection with the
Issuance of Convertible Promissory Notes 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock valued at in connection with the issuance of convertible notes. 

Common Stock Issued in the Acquisition of
a Business 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock valued at in connection with the acquisition of a business. 

Stock Purchase Warrants 

Stock purchase warrants are accounted for as equity
in accordance with ASC 480, Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company s
Own Stock, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The following table reflects all outstanding and
exercisable warrants at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants forfeited 

December 31, 2021 

Warrants issued 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants forfeited 

Balance December 31, 2022 

All stock warrants are exercisable for a period
ranging from three to five years from the date of issuance. See Note 13 Debt for more information. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants for gross proceeds of . 

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding stock
purchase warrants had an aggregate intrinsic value of . 

Stock Options 

The following table represents all outstanding
and exercisable stock options at December 31, 2022. 

() 

2018 

2021 

Total 

() 

On July 29, 2021, the Company granted stock options
to purchase an aggregate of shares to new employees at an exercise price of . The options vest annually in equal installments
over a three-year period and expire in five years from the date of grant. Using the Black Sholes model with a volatility of ,
with no dividends paid since inception and a risk-free interest rate of ; resulted in stock-based compensation expense of 
which will be amortized over a 36-month period, or 16,270 per month. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded and , respectively, in stock-based compensation expense related to stock options. Stock-based compensation
expense is reported in selling, general and administrative on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss. 

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding stock
options had an aggregate intrinsic value of . 

PIPE Offering and Related Waiver 

On January 25, 2023, the Company consummated a
private investment in public equity financing (the PIPE Offering pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated January 25, 2023, as amended (the 2023 SPA ), by and between it and the purchaser named therein (the 2023 SPA
Selling Stockholder and issued (i) 100,000 shares of common stock; (ii) 1,327,434 warrants (the Purchase Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,323,010 shares of common stock; and (iii) 1,227,434 prefunded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants, 
and together with the Purchase Warrants, the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,227,434 shares of common stock. The
purchase price of each share of common stock and associated Purchase Warrant was 2.26. The purchase of each Pre-Funded Warrant and associated
Purchase Warrant was 2.25. The aggregate gross proceeds of the PIPE Offering was approximately 3 million, before deducting fees to the
placement agent and other expenses payable by the Company. EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, acted as the exclusive placement
agent in connection with the PIPE Offering. 

In connection with the PIPE Offering, the Company
entered into a waiver agreement (the Waiver with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund L1 waiving
certain provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2021 (the 2021 SPA ), by and between it
and L1. Pursuant to the terms of the Waiver, L1 waived certain provisions of the 2021 SPA and in consideration thereof, the Company (i)
issued 150,000 purchase warrants substantially similar to the Purchase Warrants issued in connection with the 2023 SPA; and (ii) paid
a cash fee of 50,000 to L1. 

The Purchase Warrants are immediately exercisable
for 2.26 per share of common stock, subject to certain adjustments, including with respect to stock dividends, splits, subsequent rights
offerings, pro rata distributions and a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the purchase warrant agreement (the Purchase Warrant
Agreement )), until the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date (the Expiration Date ). The Prefunded Warrants
are immediately exercisable for 0.01 per share of common stock, subject to certain adjustments, including with respect to stock dividends,
splits, subsequent rights offerings, pro rata distributions and a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the Prefunded Warrant), until
all of the Prefunded Warrants are exercised in full. The exercise of the Warrants is subject to beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant to the 2023 SPA, the Company is obligated
to hold a special stockholders meeting no later than 60 days following the date of the 2023 SPA to solicit the approval of the
issuance of the shares of common stock, Warrants and the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants in compliance with the rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market (without regard to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Purchase Warrant Agreement or the prefunded warrant
agreement (the Prefunded Warrant Agreement ). On March 27, 2023, the Company held a virtual special meeting of stockholders,
and at the meeting, the issuance of the securities in compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market has been approved. 

In connection with the PIPE Offering, the Company
entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers, dated January 25, 2023 (the Registration Rights Agreement ).
The Registration Rights Agreement provides that we shall file a registration statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) with the SEC no later than the 7th calendar day following the date of the Registration
Rights Agreement, and have the registration statement declared effective by the SEC as promptly as possible after the filing thereof,
but in any event no later than the 30th calendar day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, or in the event of a full
review by the SEC, the 45th day following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement. On February 2, 2023, the Company filed
the registration statement, and on February 9, 2023, the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

Notice of Delisting of Failure to Satisfy
a Continued Listing Rule or Standard 

On April 10, 2023, the Company received a deficiency
letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying it that, based upon
the closing bid price of the Company s common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, it was not in compliance with the
requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2)
(the Minimum Bid Requirement ). The Notice had no immediate effect on the continued listing status of the Company s
common stock on Nasdaq, and, therefore, its listing remains fully effective. The Company was provided initial compliance period of 180
calendar days from the date of the Notice, or until October 9, 2023, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). 

F- 45 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

On February 17, 2022, we dismissed BF Borgers
CPA PC as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of such date. 

The audit reports of BF Borgers CPA PC on the
consolidated financial statements of the Company for each of the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31,
2019 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or
accounting principles. The audit reports for the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 contained an explanatory paragraph
disclosing the uncertainty regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the Company's two most recent fiscal years
ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and during the subsequent interim period from January 1, 2021 through February 17, 2022,
(i) there were no disagreements with BF Borgers CPA PC on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure
or auditing scope or procedures that, if not resolved to BF Borgers CPA PC's satisfaction, would have caused BF Borgers CPA PC to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports and (ii) there were no reportable events 
as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On February 17, 2022, we engaged Rosenberg Rich
Baker Berman P.A. as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

During the two most recent fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and during the subsequent interim period from January 1, 2021 through February 17, 2022, neither
the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial
statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. concluded was
an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or (ii)
any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event , each as defined in Regulation
S-K Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and 304(a)(1)(v), respectively. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report. 

These controls are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial, as appropriate officer to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and the principal financial
officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

The Company s assessment identified certain
material weaknesses which are set forth below: 

Functional Controls and Segregation of Duties 

Because of the Company s limited resources,
there are limited controls over information processing. Additionally, there is inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control
objectives. Our Company s management is composed of a small number of individuals resulting in a situation where limitations on
segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation, we will need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of
duties. 

Accordingly, as the result of identifying the
above material weakness we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

39 

Management believes that the material weaknesses
set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our small size. Management continues to take actions
to remedy these weaknesses, including the process of hiring additional staff to create the necessary segregation of duties to improve
controls over information processing. Additionally, management has initiated the process of building a risk management framework with
plans to embed the principles of this framework across all aspects of the business. 

Despite the existence of the material weakness,
we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material
respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP. Additionally,
the material weakness did not result in any restatements of our consolidated financial statements or disclosures for any prior period. 

Management Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act. Those rules define internal control over financial reporting as a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and include those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in May 2013. 

Based on its assessment, management has concluded
that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Remediation Plan 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
address the material weakness and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we (i) expanded and improved
our review process for complex transactions and related accounting standards, including the identification of third-party professionals
with whom to consult regarding the application of complex accounting matters, (ii) hired qualified personnel to improve the oversight
of our accounting operations, and (iii) established new processes and policies. While we believe that these remediation actions will improve
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, the material weakness identified will not be considered remediated
until the controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and we cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures
we may take in the future will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness we have identified or avoid potential future material
weaknesses. 

40 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9b. Other Information

None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

41 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth information regarding our current directors
and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Darren M. Marks 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Jason A. Williams 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Norman Rosenthal 
 
 70 
 
 Director 

Robert Stevens 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

Dr. Thomas J. Rutherford 
 
 68 
 
 Director 

Our directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of shareholders of the Company and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board
and serve at the discretion of the Board. 

Biographies 

Darren M. Marks, Chief Executive
Officer and President 

Darren Marks has served as our Chief Executive
Officer and director since June 2012 and as our President since the Share Exchange on August 17, 2017. From July 6, 2015 until the Share
Exchange, Mr. Marks was chairman, chief executive officer, president and a director of Grom Holdings, Inc. From January 2011 to February
2016, Mr. Marks was the President of DNA Brands, Inc., a beverage distributor and formerly a public company quoted on the OTCBB DNA
Brands ). Mr. Marks has more than 20 years of executive management experience. In 1991, Mr. Marks co-founded and served as
Vice-President of Sims Communications, Inc. a telecommunications company that formerly traded on the Nasdaq Sims ), where
he was responsible for the creation, design, and funding of a national telecommunications program for clients such as Alamo Rental Car
and the American Automobile Association. Mr. Marks attended the University of Florida/Santa Fe Community College from 1986 to 1988. 

Mr. Marks management and public company
experience and his role as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director. 

Jason A. Williams, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

Jason Williams has served as our Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary and Treasurer since July 26, 2021. Mr. Williams has more than 20 years of leadership experience in accounting,
finance, and operations. Before joining the Company, Mr. Williams served as President of WM Consulting, LLC, offering executive-level,
strategic and financial consulting services since 2016. Prior to this, Mr. Williams served as Chief Financial Officer for two publicly
traded companies and in varying financial leadership roles with several other entities. Mr. Williams earned his Bachelor of Science in
Accounting from Florida Atlantic University in 1995 and is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). 

Dr. Thomas J. Rutherford, Director 

Dr. Thomas J. Rutherford has served as a director
of the Company since August 2017 and as a director of Grom Holdings Inc. since July 2015. Dr. Rutherford is an oncologist and a national
expert in cancer, with more than 30 years of highly specialized surgical and clinical expertise in gynecologic cancer care. Dr. Rutherford
has been the Director of Oncology for South Florida University in Tampa, Florida since January 2017. Prior thereto, from January 2015
through December 2016, Dr. Rutherford was the Director of Oncology for Connecticut Oncology, a Division of Women s Health of Connecticut
and Director of Cancer Services for Western Connecticut Health Network leading more than 100 physician subspecialists including surgeons,
medical oncologists and radiation oncologists. Dr. Rutherford served as Chair of Gynecological Oncology at Yale University Medical School
until January 2015. Dr. Rutherford has served on the Strategic Advisory Board at Mira Dx, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Dr. Rutherford
practiced at Yale Oncology and served as Professor of Oncology and Director of Oncology Fellowship at Yale University School of Medicine
from July 1993 through December 2014. Dr. Rutherford received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1976 from Roanoke College, a Master of Science
degree from John Carroll University in 1979 and a Ph.D. from the Medical College of Ohio in 1989. 

Mr. Rutherford s operational experience
led to the conclusion that he should serve as a director. 

42 

Robert Stevens, Director 

Robert Stevens has served as a director since
June 2018. Mr. Stevens founded Somerset Capital Ltd., a private capital firm that employs industry-specific skillsets to make strategic
investments in distressed and turnaround situations as well as merger and direct investments in private and pre-public companies and has
served as its president and managing director since 2001. Mr. Stevens also serves as a court-appointed receiver. Mr. Stevens also served
as Managing Director of Technology Partners, a private equity and M A firm, from 2010 to 2013. 

Mr. Stevens financial experience led to the conclusion
that he should serve as a director. 

Norman Rosenthal, Director 

Norman Rosenthal has served as a director since
June 2018. Mr. Rosenthal founded Tempest Systems Inc., a technology consultancy firm which offers business development, relationship management
and competitive intelligence services. and has served as its chief executive officer since 1986. Mr. Rosenthal has also served in senior
management/advisory positions at Micro Focus International plc and Computer Associates International, Inc. 

Mr. Rosenthal s financial experience led
to the conclusion that he should serve as a director. 

Significant Employees 

Russell Hicks , President and
Chief Content Officer, Curiosity Ink Media and President, Top Draw Animation 

Russell Hicks has served as our President and
Chief Content Officer of Curiosity Ink Media and President of Top Draw Animation since September 26, 2021. Before joining the Company,
Mr. Hicks founded and served as Chief Creative Officer for Curiosity Ink Media since April 2018. Prior to this, Mr. Hicks served as President
of Content Development and Production for Nickelodeon, and as Chief Creative Officer of Viacom. Mr. Hicks attended California State University,
Fullerton where he studied Art Illustration. 

Jared Wolfson , Chief Executive
Officer, Curiosity Ink Media and Executive Vice President, Top Draw Animation 

Jared Wolfson has served as our Chief Executive
Officer of Curiosity Ink Media and Executive Vice President of Top Draw Animation since September 26, 2021. Before joining the Company,
Mr. Wolfson served as Senior Vice President of Media Entertainment for Jakks Pacific from January 2018 through September 2021. Prior
to this, Mr. Wolfson served as Senior Vice President of Entertainment Licensing and Business Development for Skyrocket Toys, and as President
of Franchise Development, Content Distribution and Marketing of ZAG Entertainment. Mr. Wolfson earned his Bachelor of Arts in Economics
from the University of California and his Master of Business Administration in Entertainment Marketing from the University of Southern
California. 

Board Committees 

On June 1, 2018, concurrently with the appointment
of two independent directors, Mr. Stevens and Mr. Rosenthal, we formed an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating
and Governance Committee. 

Mr. Stevens was appointed to the Nominating and
Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Stevens was appointed chair of the Audit Committee and audit
committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Mr. Rosenthal was appointed to the Nominating
and Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Mr. Rosenthal was appointed the chair of the Nominating and Governance
Committee. 

Dr. Rutherford was appointed to the Nominating
and Governance Committee, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Dr. Rutherford was appointed the chair of the Compensation Committee. 

43 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is composed of three independent
directors: Robert Stevens (Chair), Thomas Rutherford and Norman Rosenthal. Mr. Stevens is also an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Each member of the Audit Committee is an independent director as defined by the rules
of the SEC and Nasdaq. The Audit Committee has the sole authority and responsibility to select, evaluate and engage independent auditors
for the Company. 

The Audit Committee s primary responsibilities are to: 

review our accounting policies and issues which may arise in the course of the audit of our financial statements; and 

select and retain our independent registered public accounting firm. 

The Audit Committee meets at least on a quarterly
basis to discuss with management the annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements and meets from time to time
to discuss general corporate matters. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee is composed of three
independent directors: Thomas Rutherford (Chair), Robert Stevens and Norman Rosenthal. 

The general responsibilities of our Compensation Committee include: 

approving the compensation of our President and Chief Executive Officer and all other executive officers; and 

approving all equity grants. 

The Compensation Committee meets in executive
session to determine the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In determining the amount, form, and terms of such
compensation, the Committee considers the annual performance evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer conducted by the Board in light
of company goals and objectives relevant to Chief Executive Officer compensation, competitive market data pertaining to Chief Executive
Officer compensation at comparable companies, and such other factors as it deems relevant, and is guided by, and seeks to promote, the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 

In addition, subject to existing agreements, the
Compensation Committee determines the salaries, bonuses, and other matters relating to compensation of the executive officers of the Company
using similar parameters. It sets performance targets for determining periodic bonuses payable to executive officers. It also reviews
and makes recommendations to the Board regarding executive and employee compensation and benefit plans and programs generally, including
employee bonus and retirement plans and programs (except to the extent specifically delegated to a Board appointed committee with authority
to administer a particular plan). In addition, the Compensation Committee approves the compensation of non-employee directors and reports
it to the full Board. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
consists of Norman Rosenthal (Chair), Thomas Rutherford and Robert Stevens. All members must satisfy the independence requirements of
the Exchange Act, the rules adopted by the SEC thereunder and the corporate governance and other listing standards of the Nasdaq as in
effect from time to time. 

The duties and responsibilities of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee include the following: 

develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and from time to time, review and reassess the adequacy of such guidelines; 

identify, review and recommend to the Board individuals qualified to become members of the Board; and 

recommend to the Board nominating policies and procedures. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
identifies individuals qualified to become members of the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board,; recommends to the Board
the director nominees for the next annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected;
recommends to the Board candidates to fill any vacancies on the Board; develops, recommends to the Board, and reviews the corporate governance
guidelines applicable to the Company; and oversees the evaluation of the Board and management. 

44 

In recommending director nominees for the next
annual meeting of shareholders, the Nominating and Governance Committee ensures the Company complies with its contractual obligations,
if any, governing the nomination of directors. It considers and recruits candidates to fill positions on the Board, including as a result
of the removal, resignation or retirement of any director, an increase in the size of the Board or otherwise. The Committee conducts,
subject to applicable law, any and all inquiries into the background and qualifications of any candidate for the Board and such candidate s
compliance with the independence and other qualification requirements established by the Committee. The Committee also recommends candidates
to fill positions on committees of the Board. 

In selecting and recommending candidates for election
to the Board or appointment to any committee of the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee does not believe that it is appropriate
to select nominees through mechanical application of specified criteria. Rather, the Nominating and Governance Committee shall consider
such factors at it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, the following: personal and professional integrity, ethics and values;
experience in corporate management, such as serving as an officer or former officer of a publicly-held company; experience in the Company s
industry; experience as a board member of another publicly-held company; diversity of expertise and experience in substantive matters
pertaining to the Company s business relative to other directors of the Company; practical and mature business judgment; and composition
of the Board (including its size and structure). 

The Nominating and Governance Committee develops
and recommends to the Board a policy regarding the consideration of director candidates recommended by the Company s shareholders
and procedures for submission by stockholders of director nominee recommendations. 

In appropriate circumstances, Nominating and Corporate
Committee, in its discretion, will consider and may recommend the removal of a director, in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, and amended bylaws. If the Company is subject to a binding obligation that
requires director removal structure inconsistent with the foregoing, then the removal of a director shall be governed by such instrument. 

The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees
the evaluation of the Board and management. It also develops and recommends to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable
to the Company, which the Nominating and Governance Committee shall periodically review and revise as appropriate. In discharging its
oversight role, the Nominating and Governance Committee is empowered to investigate any matter brought to its attention. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our officers or directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics that applies to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers (or persons performing similar functions) and have filed
a copy of such Code as Exhibit 14.1 to this Annual Report. 

Insider Trading Policies and Procedures 

We have adopted insider trading policies and procedures
governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees, or us, that are reasonably
designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to us. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight 

Although we have not adopted a formal policy on
whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we have traditionally determined that it is
in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles. Due to the small size and early stage of the Company,
we believe it is currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions combined. In addition, having one
person serve as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer eliminates the potential for confusion and provides clear leadership for the
Company, with a single person setting the tone and managing our operations. 

45 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not been
involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 requires our executive officers and directors and persons beneficially owning more than ten percent of our equity securities Reporting
Persons ), to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely
upon a review of the copies of these reports and representations from the Reporting Persons that no other reports were required, we believe
that, during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Reporting Persons timely filed all such reports. 

Changes in Nominating Process 

There are no material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

46 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and the other executive officers with
compensation exceeding 100,000 during 2022 (each a Named Executive Officer ). 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation
 ) 
 Total ) 

Darren Marks 
 2022 
 300,000 

300,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2021 
 300,000 
 7,500 
 410,652 

718,152 

Melvin Leiner (1) 
 2022 
 314,375 

314,375 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President 
 2021 
 300,000 
 7,500 

307,500 

Jason Williams (2) 
 2022 
 228,000 

228,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 2021 
 103,000 
 7,500 

110,500 

(1) 
 As of April 22, 2022, Mr. Leiner resigned as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President. 

(2) 
 As of July 26, 2021, Mr. Williams was appointed as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. 

Employment Agreements 

On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Darren Marks pursuant to which Mr. Marks serves as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. The employment agreement
is for an initial term of three years, which term shall be automatically extended for successive and additional two-year periods unless
either party shall provide written notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the end of the then-current term. Under the agreement,
Mr. Marks is entitled to an annual base salary of 245,000 (subject to a minimum 5 annual increase each year commencing on January 1,
2017) and an annual incentive bonus of up to an 80 of his base salary. The employment agreement may be terminated by the Company for
 cause (as such term is defined in the agreement), in which case Mr. Marks shall be entitled to his base salary up to the
date of termination, without cause by the Company or for good reason as such term is defined in the agreement),
by Mr. Marks upon 90 days prior written notice, in which case Mr. Marks shall be entitled to base salary and health benefits for
18 months from the expiration of the agreement and shall have 10 years to exercise any outstanding stock options. The agreement provides
that Mr. Marks has the obligation to mitigate any such severance with any income he may subsequently receive. The agreement also provides
that Mr. Marks shall not compete with the Company and shall keep all Company information confidential for one year after the term of the
agreement. 

On June 1, 2016, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Melvin Leiner pursuant to which Mr. Leiner serves as the Company s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
The employment agreement is for an initial term of three years, which term shall be automatically extended for successive and additional
two-year periods unless either party shall provide written notice of termination at least 90 days prior to the then current term Under
the agreement Mr. Leiner is entitled to an annual base salary of 237,500 (subject to a minimum 5 annual increase each year commencing
on January 1, 2017) and an annual incentive bonus of up to 80 of his base salary. The employment agreement may be terminated by the Company
for cause (as such term is defined in the agreement), in which case Mr. Leiner shall be entitled to his base salary up to
the date of termination, without cause by the Company or for good reason as such term is defined in the agreement),
by Mr. Leiner upon 90 days prior written notice, in which case Mr. Leiner shall be entitled to base salary and health benefits
for 18 months from the expiration of the agreement and shall have 10 years to exercise any outstanding stock options. The agreement provides
that Mr. Leiner has the obligation to mitigate any such severance with any income he may subsequently receive. The agreement also provides
that Mr. Leiner shall not compete with the Company and shall keep all Company information confidential for one year after the term of
the agreement. 

47 

On April 22, 2022, the Company entered into an
Executive Separation Agreement with Melvin Leiner (the Separation Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Leiner retired from
his positions as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Leiner s employment
with the Company ended on April 22, 2022, and Mr. Leiner is to receive separation payments over a 9-month period equal to his base salary,
as well as certain limited health benefits. 

On the same day, Mr. Leiner resigned from the
Company s board of directors, effective immediately. Mr. Leiner did not resign as a result of any disagreement with the Company
on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

Director Compensation 

2022 Director Compensation Table 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Thomas Rutherford 
 6,000 

6,000 
 
 Robert Stevens 
 6,000 

6,000 
 
 Norman Rosenthal 
 6,000 

6,000 

All directors are reimbursed for out-of-pocket
expenses related to their Board duties. Our employee director, Mr. Marks, does not receive any compensation for serving as a director.
Our three independent directors receive 1,500 per quarter for their services. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

The Company currently has no employee benefit
plans. 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

On September 14, 2020, the Board and on September
16, 2020, the shareholders approved the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan provides for the
grant of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted RSUs, performance units and performance
shares (which may be designed to comply with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code and stock appreciation rights to officers, directors,
key employees, consultants and directors who provide services to the Company. The Company has reserved 62,500 shares for issuance under
the Plan. As of April 14, 2023, an aggregate 5,265 shares of common stock and 6,950 options to purchase shares of common stock have been
issued under the Plan. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The Company s Named Executive Officers had
no outstanding equity awards on December 31, 2022. 

48 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table lists, as of April 7, 2023,
the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock;
(ii) each of our directors (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. Information
relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each
person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting
of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. The person is also
deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under
the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a
beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder's address is c/o Grom Social Enterprises,
Inc., 2060 NW Boca Raton Blvd., Suite #6, Boca Raton, Florida, 33431. 

The percentages below are calculated based on
7,288,177 shares of common stock and 9,281,809 shares of Series C Stock issued and outstanding as of April 7, 2023. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Common 
Stock 

Percentage 
 of 
 Common 
 Stock 

Series C 
Preferred 
Stock 

Percentage 
of 
Series C 
Stock 

Combined 
Voting 
Power 

Executive Officers and Directors: 

Darren Marks 

23,721 
 (1) 

66.9 
 (9) 
 
 Melvin Leiner 

596 
 (2) 

Jason Williams 

323 

Robert Stevens 

261 
 (3) 

Norman Rosenthal 

305 
 (4) 

Thomas J. Rutherford 

2,567 

All officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 

27,774 
 (5) 

67.0 
 (10) 

5 or Greater Holders: 

Denis J. Kerasotes 
31 Fairview Lane 
Springfield, Illinois 62711 

(6) 

3,816,105 
 (11) 

41.1 

Condor Equities, LLC (6) 
2535 Webb Girth Road 
Gainesville, Georgia 30507 

(8)(13) 

3,131,300 
 (11) 

33.7 

Section 3 Developments (7) 
2415 Alta Monte Drive 
Cedar Park, Texas 78613 

520,000 
 (11) 

5.6 

Eileen F. Kerasotes Family Trust (8) 
4747 County Road 501 
Bayfield, CO 81122 

472,420 
 (11) 

5.0 

__________ 

 Less than 1 

 Less than 5 

49 

(1) Represents 23,721 shares of common stock held
by Family Tys, LLC Family Tys ), of which Mr. Marks is the managing member and over which Mr. Marks has voting and dispositive
power. Does not include an aggregate of (i) 9,281,809 shares of Series C Stock (with 1.5625 votes per share, or 14,502,828 votes in the
aggregate) and (ii) 58,907 shares, for which Mr. Marks has a voting proxy until May 20, 2023. 

(2) Represents 596 shares of common stock held
by 4 Life LLC 4 Life ), of which Mr. Leiner is the managing member and over which Mr. Leiner has voting and dispositive
power. On April 22, 2022, Melvin Leiner resigned from his positions as the Company s Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President
and Director. 

(3) Represents shares held by Thistle Investments,
LLC, of which Mr. Stevens is managing member and over which Mr. Stevens has sole voting and dispositive power. 

(4) Represents shares held by Tempest Systems,
Inc., of which Mr. Rosenthal is chief executive officer and over which Mr. Rosenthal has sole voting and dispositive power. 

(5) Does not include an aggregate of (i) 9,281,809
shares of Series C Stock (with 1.5625 votes per share, or 14,502,828 votes in the aggregate), and (ii) 58,907 shares of common stock,
for which Mr. Marks has a voting proxy until May 20, 2023. 

(6) Dale Nabb, manager of Condor Equities, LLC Condor ), has sole voting and dispositive power of the shares held by Condor. 

(7) Michael Tapajna, chief executive officer of
Section 3 Developments, Inc. Section 3 ), has sole voting and dispositive power of the shares held by Section 3. 

(8) John G. Kerasotes, as trustee of the Eileen
F. Kerasotes Trust, has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such Trust. 

(9) Based upon (i) 23,721 shares of common stock
held by Family Tys of which Mr. Marks is the managing member and over which Mr. Marks has voting and dispositive power and (ii) the voting
rights to an aggregate of (A) 58,907 shares of common stock held by certain holders of our Series C Stock, and (B) 9,281,809 shares of
Series C Stock, having the right to 1.5625 votes for each share of Series B Stock for which Mr. Marks has a voting proxy until May 20,
2023. 

(10) Includes 9,281,809 shares of Series C Stock
(with 1.5625 votes per share, or 14,502,828 votes in the aggregate). 

(11) Darren Marks, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, and a director, has the voting rights to such shares of Series C Stock and common stock until May 20, 2023, pursuant
to voting proxies from such shareholders. 

Series C Stock 

Darren Marks, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, and a director, has all of the voting rights of the Series C Stock until May 20, 2023, pursuant to a proxy from the
Series C shareholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Darren Marks s Family 

The Company has engaged the family of Darren Marks,
its Chief Executive Officer, to assist in the development of the Grom Social website and mobile application. These individuals have created
over 1,400 hours of original short form content. Sarah Marks, the wife of Darren Marks, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Zach
Marks, Luke Marks, Jack Marks, Dawson Marks, Caroline Marks and Victoria Marks, each Darren Marks s children, are, or have been,
by the Company employed or independently contracted. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Marks family was paid a total of 36,026 and 29,050, respectively. 

Compensation for services provided by the Marks
family is expected to continue for the foreseeable future. Each member of the Marks family is actively involved in the creation of content
for the website and mobile app, including numerous videos focusing on social responsibility, anti-bullying, digital citizenship, unique
blogs, and special events. 

50 

Liabilities Due to Executive Officers and/or
Directors 

On July 13, 2018, our director Dr. Thomas Rutherford
loaned the Company 50,000. The loan bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and was due on August 11, 2018. No notice of default or
demand for payment has been received by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded interest
expense of 5,000 and 5,000, respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate related
party payables were 72,356 and 67,356, respectively, of which 22,356 and 17,356 were reported under accrued liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheets. 

Common Stock and Stock Options Issued to Officers
and/or Directors 

On August 2, 2021, Mr. Marks was issued 5,265
shares of the Company s restricted common stock valued at 78.00 per share or 410,652 as compensation. 

Voting Proxies 

On May 20, 2021, the Company entered into exchange
agreements (each, an Exchange Agreement with the holders of the Company s Series B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Stock ), pursuant to which the holders agreed to exchange all of their shares of the Series B Stock for shares
of the Company s 8 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Stock ), on a one for one basis (the Exchange ).
As a result of the Exchange, all 9,215,059 issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Series B Stock were exchanged for 9,215,059
shares of the Company s newly-designated Series C Stock and all of the exchanged Series B Stock was cancelled. 

In connection with their entry into the Exchange
Agreements, the holders delivered proxies to Darren Marks, an officer and director of the Company, granting him the power to vote all
the holder s shares of Series C Stock, and all other securities they hold of the Company, for a period of two years. As a result,
Mr. Marks has 66.9 of the Company s combined voting power. 

Director Independence 

As of December 31, 2022, our Board is currently
composed of five members, three of whom, Dr. Thomas Rutherford, Robert Stevens, and Norman Rosenthal qualify as independent in accordance
with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market. The NASDAQ Capital Market independence definition includes a series
of objective tests, such as that the directors are not, and have not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither
the directors nor any of their family members, have engaged in various types of business dealings with us. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

On February 17, 2022, we dismissed BF Borgers
CPA PC as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of such date and engaged Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman
P.A. as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

The following table reflects the aggregate fees
billed for professional services rendered by Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. and BF Borgers CPA PC in years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. 
 BF Borgers CPA PC 
 
 Services 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 190,000 

75,600 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 122,500 
 
 234,900 
 164,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 202,500 
 
 234,900 
 239,600 

Audit Fees . Consists of fees for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in our Annual Reports on Forms 10-K for our fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 and reviews of our interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

51 

Audit-Related Fees . Consists of fees for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the audit. This category includes fees related to assistance consulting
on financial accounting/reporting standards. 

Tax Fees . Consists of amounts
billed for professional services rendered for tax return preparation, tax planning, and tax advice. 

All Other Fees . Consists of
amounts billed for services other than those noted above. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice 

The Audit Committee of the Board has
established its pre-approval policies and procedures, pursuant to which the Audit Committee approved the foregoing audit and audit-related
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in 2022 and 2021, consistent with the Audit Committee s responsibility
for engaging our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also considered whether the non-audit services rendered
by our independent registered public accounting firm are compatible with an auditor maintaining independence. The Audit Committee has
determined that the rendering of such services is compatible with our independent registered public accounting firm maintaining its independence.
The percentage of hours expended on our independent registered public accounting firm s engagement to audit our financial statements
for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time,
permanent employees was 0 . 

52 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES. 

The following exhibits are included with this Annual Report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016) 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016) 
 
 3.3 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2017) 
 
 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 18, 2019) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company , filed May 7, 2021, effective as of May 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 24, 2021) 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed on December 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 Specimen Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016) 
 
 4.2 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2019) 
 
 4.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated February 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019) 
 
 4.4 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2019) 
 
 4.5 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2021) 
 
 4.6 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020) 
 
 4.7 
 12 Convertible Note, dated February 9, 2021, issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021) 
 
 4.8 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated February 9, 2021, issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 4.9 
 12 Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 16, 2021, issued to Labrys Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021) 
 
 4.10 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 16, 2021, issued to Labrys Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021) 
 
 4.11 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 19, 2021, issued by Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. to Curiosity Ink Media LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2021) 
 
 4.12 
 Form
of 4,400,000 Principal Amount, 10 Original Issue discount Senior Secured Convertible Note issued to L1 Capital, due March 14, 2023
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021) 
 
 4.13 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to L1 Capital, exercisable at 4.20 for 813,278 shares of the Company s Common
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021) 
 
 4.14 
 Amended and Restated 4,400,000 Principal Amount, 10 Original Issue Discount Senior Secured Convertible Note issued to L1 Capital on October 20, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 20, 2021) 

53 

4.15 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022) 
 
 4.16 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022) 
 
 4.17 
 Form of Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2023) 
 
 4.18 
 Form of Prefunded Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2023) 
 
 10.1 
 Form of Sales Rep Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016) 
 
 10.2 
 Consulting Agreement and Addendum (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2016) 
 
 10.3 
 Sublease Agreement with Grom Social, Inc . (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 3, 2016) 
 
 10.4 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with Forcefield (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2016) 
 
 10.5 
 Copy of Letter of Intent with Grom Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2017) 
 
 10.6 
 Share Exchange Agreement with Grom Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 17, 2017) 
 
 10.7 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 1, 2016, between the Company and Darren Marks (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2017) 
 
 10.8 
 Employment Agreement with Melvin Leiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2017) 
 
 10.9 
 Acquisition Agreement of TD Holdings (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 22, 2017) 
 
 10.10 
 Memorandum of Understanding with Fyoosion LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2017) 
 
 10.11 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Fyoosion LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2018) 
 
 10.12 
 Amending Agreement to the Share Sale Agreement for the Entire Issued Share Capital of TD Holdings Limited and the Secured Promissory Note (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5, 2018) 
 
 10.17 
 1.0 Million Convertible Promissory Note with TeleMate.net (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.18 
 Investment Banking Agreement with Newbridge Securities Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.19 
 Form of Pledge and Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.20 
 Subscription Agreement for Series A Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.21 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with TeleMate.Net (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.22 
 Grom Educational Services Peachtree Pointe Lease (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2019) 
 
 10.24 
 Form of Debt Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2019 
 
 10.25 
 Form of 12 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.26 
 Form of 12 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.27 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for 12 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.28 
 Intercreditor Deed (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 

54 

10.29 
 Security Agent Agreement, dated March 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.30 
 Third Amendment to the TDH Share Sell Agreement, dated March 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.31 
 Security Agreement, dated March 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.32 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2020) 
 
 10.33 
 Form of Debt Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020) 
 
 10.34 
 Form of Exchange Agreement for Series A 10 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020) 
 
 10.35 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Series B Convertible Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2020) 
 
 10.36 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020) 
 
 10.37 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020) 
 
 10.38 
 Form of NonQualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020) 
 
 10.39 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020) 
 
 10.40 
 Form of Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020) 
 
 10.41 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, between the Company and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.42 
 8 Convertible Note, dated November 30, 2020 issued to EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.43 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 30, 2020, between the Company and Quick Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.44 
 113,587 Convertible Note, dated November 30, 2020, issued to Quick Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.45 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant , dated November 30, 2020, issued to Quick Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.46 
 Securities Purchase Agreement , dated February 9, 2021, between the Company and Auctus Fund, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021) 
 
 10.47 
 Note Cancellation and General Release, dated March 17, 2021 from Newbridge Securities Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2021) 
 
 10.48 
 12 Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 11, 2021, issued to FirstFire Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021) 
 
 10.49 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 11, 2021, issued to FirstFire Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021) 
 
 10.50 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and FirstFire Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 11, 2021, between the Company and FirstFire Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2021) 
 
 10.52 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 16, 2021, between the Company and Labrys Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021) 
 
 10.53 
 Form of Exchange Agreement for exchange of Series B Stock for Series C Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021) 
 
 10.54 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2021, by and among the Company, Curiosity and the Sellers 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4,
 2021) 
 
 10.55 
 Amended
 and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021 by and among CIM, Grom and Sellers 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24,
 2021) 
 
 10.56 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021 between the Company and Russell Hicks 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24,
 2021) 

55 

10.57 
 Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Agreement dated August 19, 2021 between the Company and Russell Hicks 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24,
 2021) 
 
 10.58 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of August 19, 2021 between the Company and Brent Watts 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24,
 2021) 
 
 10.59 
 Non-Qualified
 Stock Option Agreement dated August 19, 2021 between the Company and Brent Watts 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24,
 2021) 
 
 10.60 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, Dated as of September 14, 2021 Closing Date ), between Grom Social Enterprises, Inc., a Florida
 corporation (the Company ), and L1 Capital Global Master Fund L1 Capital (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021) 
 
 10.61 
 Form
 of Subsidiary Guaranty executed by Company subsidiaries, in favor of L1 Capital 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20,
 2021) 
 
 10.62 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 14, 2021, between the Company and L1 Capital 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20,
 2021) 
 
 10.63 
 Form
 of Security Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2021, between the Company and L1 Capital 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20,
 2021) 
 
 10.64 
 Form
 of Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2021, between the Company, L1 Capital and certain pre-existing creditors of
 the Company (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2021) 
 
 10.65 
 Amended
 and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, between the Company and L1 Capital 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 20,
 2021) 
 
 10.66 
 10 
 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note dated January 20, 2022, between the Company , and L1 Global Capital Master
 Fund (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2022). 
 
 10.67 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 303,682 shares of the Company s common stock issued to L1 Global Capital Master Fund, dated
 January 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2022). 
 
 10.68 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 20, 2022, between the Company and L1 Capital Capital Master Fund 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26,
 2022). 
 
 10.69 
 Executive
 Separation Agreement, dated April 22, 2022, by and among Grom Social Enterprises, Inc., and Melvin Leiner 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 28,
 2022). 
 
 10.70 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report filed on December 13, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022) 
 
 10.71 
 Form of Lockup Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.71 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2022) 
 
 10.72 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2023, between the Company and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31,
 2023) 
 
 10.73 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, between the Company and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31,
 2023) 
 
 10.74 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, between the Company and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31,
 2023) 
 
 10.75 
 Waiver
 Agreement, dated January 30, 2023, between the Company and L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund 
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31,
 2023) 
 
 10.76 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement by and between Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. and the Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. dated January 25,
 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Conduct (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2018) 

56 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17, 2018) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act 
 (filed herewith) 
 
 32 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management compensation agreement 

 Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

None 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunder duly authorized. 

Grom Social Enterprises, Inc. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ Darren Marks 

Darren Marks 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Darren Marks 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Darren Marks 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jason Williams 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jason Williams 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Dr. Thomas Rutherford 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Dr. Thomas Rutherford 

/s/ Robert Stevens 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Robert Stevens 

/s/ Norman Rosenthal 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Norman Rosenthal 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 grom_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14
OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Darren Marks, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Grom Social Enterprises, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Darren Marks 

Darren Marks 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 grom_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14 OF THE SECURITIES

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14 OR 15D-14
OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jason Williams, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Grom Social Enterprises, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Jason Williams 

Jason Williams 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 grom_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Grom Social
Enterprises, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of, and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Darren Marks 

Darren Marks 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jason Williams 

Jason Williams 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 grom-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 grom-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 grom-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 grom-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

