<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230501_10-K_edgar_data_835662_0001493152-23-014773.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7884313</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234348</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1211253</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3239311</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1354613</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1624697</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-014773.hdr.sgml : 20230501
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230428183926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-014773
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230501
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230428

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AiXin Life International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000835662
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				841085935
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17284
		FILM NUMBER:		23869124

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HONGXING INTL BUSINESS BUILDING 2,
		STREET 2:		14TH FLR, NO. 69, QINGYUN SOUVE AVE.,
		CITY:			JINJIANG DISTRICT,CHENGDU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			610021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-739-7689

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HONGXING INTL BUSINESS BUILDING 2,
		STREET 2:		14TH FLR, NO. 69, QINGYUN SOUVE AVE.,
		CITY:			JINJIANG DISTRICT,CHENGDU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			610021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-014773.txt : 20230501

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 IRS
 Employer 
 
 of
 Incorporation) 
 
 Identification
 Number 

,
 ,

, Sichuan Province, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of The Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each Exchange on Which Registered 

OTCQX

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was based on 26,221,865 shares of
outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates, and a price of 4.00 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common
stock on OTC Market on that date. 

As
of April 24, 2023, we had outstanding shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Part II 

Item
 5 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved]

Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 34 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls And Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 36 

Part III 

Item
 10 
 Directors And Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees And Services 
 43 

Part IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules 
 44 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, 
 should, would and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Given
these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other
things, statements relating to: 

our
 goals and strategies; 

our
 future business development, financial condition and results of operations; 

our
 expectations regarding demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; 

our
 expectations regarding keeping and strengthening our relationships with merchants, manufacturers and end-users; and 

general
 economic and business conditions in the regions where we provide our services. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and
the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to the report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

REVERSE
STOCK SPLITS 

We
effected a 1 for 4 reverse split of our common stock October 27, 2020. As a result of the reverse split and the elimination of fractional
shares, the number of shares of our common stock outstanding was reduced from 200,000,000 to 49,999891. On February 17, 2023, we effected
a 1-for-2 reverse split of our shares of common stock reducing the number of shares of our outstanding common stock to 29,999,945. Except
as otherwise indicated, all share and per share numbers contained herein including those set forth in the financial statements beginning
on page F-1, have been adjusted to give effect to the 1for 4 and 1-for-2 reverse stock splits. 

3 

PART
I 

Item 
 
 1 Business. 

Overview 

We
are a Colorado holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through our operating companies established in the PRC.
O ur focus is on providing health and wellness products to the growing middle class in China. We
currently develop, manufacture, market and sell premium-quality healthcare, nutritional products and wellness supplements, including
herbs and greens, traditional Chinese remedies, functional products, such as weight management products, probiotics, foods and drinks.
We also provide advertising and marketing services to clients which engage us to market and distribute their products. We offer our products
and those of clients for which we provide marketing services, through a diversified, omni-channel business model which generates revenues
through retail and wholesale product sales, through company-owned pharmacies, direct marketing and e-commerce. 

Through
our subsidiary, AixinZhonghong, we offer nutritional products through a direct marketing team, at large scale entertainment style events
which we organizes for the benefit of our clients and more recently, through e-commerce. AixinZhonghong also provides marketing and distribution
services to other manufacturers and suppliers of healthcare products. We have a proactive approach to marketing, reaching out to customers
to provide information as to how to live a healthy lifestyle. We believe this approach is ideally suited to marketing health and wellness
products as sales of these products are strengthened by ongoing personal contact and support, coaching and education of clients, as to
the benefits of a healthy and active lifestyle. 

In
June 2021, we acquired nine retail pharmacies in Chengdu. We utilize these pharmacies to distribute our health and wellness products
and serve as learning centers for our clients along with their traditional business. W have recently added four additional pharmacies
and now operate thirteen pharmacies. We intend to seek to continue to expand our chain of pharmacies and to use these outlets as part
of our overall marketing strategy. As part of our marketing efforts, we will educate the employees at our pharmacies as to the benefits
of our health and wellness products so they can closely work with our clients. 

In
September 2022, we acquired Yunnan Runcangsheng which
engages in the research, development, manufacture and wholesale distribution of health and wellness products. Yunnan Runcangsheng operates
a 13,000 square meter production facility, including, R D centers, extraction facilities, preparation workshops and a warehouse.
Yunnan Runcangsheng has more than 30 brand names under which it distributes products and maintains and operates planting facilities where
it grows some of the key ingredients used in its products. Many of the products it has developed are specifically targeted to alleviate
ailments associated with the increasingly competitive and pressured lifestyle of Chinese people, such as hypertension and obesity, which
result from a more pressured yet sedentary lifestyle, symptoms associated with changing eating habits and the presence of environmental
toxins that are becoming more widespread through the use of western style pesticides and fertilizers. When we entered into the agreement
to acquire Yunnan Runcangsheng we began to distribute its products through our distribution channels and continue to do so. 

In
addition to our acquisitions in the health and nutritional sector, we operate the
Shangyan Hotel located in the Jinniu District, Chengdu City. While we will continue the hotel s principal business, we intend to
use the hotel to host events at which we educate our team members and customers as to the benefits of a healthy lifestyle, introduce
new products and offer our complete product line for sale. 

We
intend to look for additional opportunities to profit from the growing healthcare market in China. Though currently we are not party
to any agreements, we will explore, among other opportunities, expanding our product line through internal research and acquiring complementary
products from third parties, acquiring additional pharmacies and other retail outlets and operating nursing homes and possibly clinics
which provide medical care to clients. 

4 

Business
Objectives 

Key
elements of our strategy are detailed below: 

Leading
brand of nutritional supplements. Our primary goal is to develop recognized brand names with a reputation as a provider of quality
health and wellness products which deliver demonstrable benefits to our customers. Our objective is to provide members of the growing
Chinese middle class with the information necessary to maintain a healthy lifestyle and to offer them a broad and deep mix of products
whether the customer is looking to treat a specific health-related issue, maintain their overall wellness or improve their performance.
Our premium, value-added offerings will include both proprietary branded products and other branded products provided by third parties
to meet needs not met by our in-house products. 

Product
development and innovation. With the acquisition of Yunnan Runcangsheng we now have the facilities and, more importantly, knowledgeable,
experienced personnel, to develop high-quality, innovative health foods and nutritional supplements hat will be offered by our direct
marketing team and available through our company-owned pharmacies, our website and, as demand grows other, select marketplaces and wholesale
partners. To the extent desirable we will grow some of the key ingredients in our products. When we choose to use ingredients of third
parties, they will be rigorously tested before they are added to our products, undergoing multiple quality checks to ensure that they
meet our high standards for purity, composition and absence of contaminants. 

We
believe our capability to innovate and respond to customer needs by designing new products gives us a significant competitive advantage.
At Yunnan Runcangsheng we directly employ scientists, nutritionists, formulators, and quality control experts who work at our research
and manufacturing facilities. 

A
differentiated customer experience. One of the key differentiators to our marketing strategy is the continued development of
well-trained team members that work closely with customers. We will provide our team members with training and education focused on the
benefits of a healthy lifestyle, the advantages of our products and solution-based selling. We will also maintain and make available
to our team members data bases of our customers purchasing patterns. With their knowledge of the available products our team members
can engage customers in conversation, access the customer s purchasing history through our data base, share product information
and testimonials and recommend solutions and help customers add complimentary products and build wellness regimens. We operate in a highly
personalized, aspirational sector and believe that health food and nutritional supplement consumer often desires and seeks out product
expertise and knowledgeable customer service. 

We
have developed loyalty programs to reward customers and incentivize them to introduce our products to their friends. A number of our
customers in fact act as independent marketers, buying products from us and distributing them to others at a profit. We intend to continue
to use loyalty programs to develop and maintain a large and loyal customer base, provide targeted offers and information, and connect
with our customers on a regular basis. We will harness data generated by these programs to better understand customers buying
behaviors and needs, so we can deliver a more rewarding experience, encourage our customers to introduce our products to their friends
and make well-informed decisions about the direction of our business. 

As
we grow and develop our customer base, we can use our hotel as a site for educational seminars, conferences and marketing events featuring
well known experts in the wellness sector. These events can be used to increase customer loyalty and to educate our team members as to
the benefits of a healthy life style and our products so they can better serve our customers by guiding them to products that meet their
needs. 

Omni-channel
development. We believe our diversified, omni-channel model, which includes company-owned offices open to clients, pharmacies,
direct marketing by our team members, individually and at large scale company sponsored marketing events, wholesale locations and e-commerce
channels, can differentiate us from many of our competitors, particularly those that rely exclusively on online marketing efforts. Our
strategy is to give consumers a seamless, integrated experience across digital, mobile and in-store channels and in every interaction
with us and our products. 

5 

Through
our website and in conversations with our well-trained team members, customers can research our products and purchase them online or
at one of our local pharmacies or sales offices. We believe our physical store base provides a competitive advantage, allowing customers
to experience our products and get expert advice from our team members. 

Our
omni-channel model can enhance the customer experience and increase the value of a customer to us and we will implement strategies to
blend our digital, online and in-store platforms, always stressing the availability and benefits of a conversation with one of our team
members. These initiatives will include increased cross-channel marketing, online and in-store subscription services, giving customers
the option of picking up online purchases at our stores, delivering products purchased via e-commerce directly from stores, and providing
educational content, information and advice online, at our pharmacies or through a personal visit by one of our team members. 

Vertical
Integration. We believe that our multi-channel distribution model, combined with our research, development and manufacturing
capabilities offers us a unique advantage over our competitors. The daily feedback received from interactions between our team members
and customers will be monitored to recognize what our customers want and rapidly develop products to meet their desires. Instead of simply
responding to trends in the market, we will seek to bring new topical products to the market before they are generally available. 

Products 

Our
pharmacies offer a wide variety of personal healthcare products and traditional Chinese remedies in addition to our health and wellness
products. They began to carry the products developed by Yunnan Runcanscheng prior to completion of that acquisition. 

Marketing

Our
target customer is the growing population of middle- and upper-class Chinese who are willing to devote increasing amounts to healthcare
products as their incomes grow. We believe that as this group grows, becomes more affluent and adopts a more western sedentary life-style
and diet, it will experience obesity, hypertension, heart disease, back pain and some of the negative symptoms common in developed countries.
Our marketing efforts include proactively approaching these customers through person-to-person marketing and by hosting educational and
informative events, which we believe is ideally suited to marketing our products and those of our clients for which we perform advertising
services because sales of health and wellness products and supplements are strengthened by ongoing personal contact and support, coaching
and education towards how to achieve a healthy and active lifestyle. 

We
currently market our products through our pharmacies, at large scale marketing events which feature popular local entertainers, at our
offices which customers are encouraged to use for social gatherings, at wholesale and online. Key to our marketing efforts are the members
of our marketing team who make themselves available to individual customers and work with such customers to develop a healthy well balanced
dietary regimen. As part of our educational efforts, we distribute informational videos to our clients on-line and make multiple posts
on social media daily. Off-line, in addition to distributing products through our pharmacies, we utilize person-to-person marketing to
promote and sell products. These personal marketing efforts include hosting educational events and allowing customers to utilize our
facilities for social gatherings. 

In
addition to our marketing efforts, through our loyalty program we encourage our customers to distribute our products to others. Our program
for increasing the number of clients interested in reselling the products we offer and for developing new clients who demonstrate the
ability to sell our products to others, is to provide them with compensation, in the form of quantity purchase discounts and other incentives,
such as free meals, travel or vacations. 

We
offer our clients a customer satisfaction guarantee. Our sales policy allows for the return of unopened products for cash after deducting
certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to returning a product, customers can exchange a product for another of the same
value. 

6 

Manufacturing 

As
a result of the acquisition of Yunnan Runcangsheng, we now have a 13,000 sq. meter manufacturing center inclusive of office space, R D
centers, extraction workshops, preparation workshops, traditional Chinese medicine decoction pieces workshops and storage areas. The
activities include research and development, extraction and intensive processing of traditional Chinese medicines and processing to incorporate
active ingredients into tablets, capsules, granules and pills according to market demand and product attributes. The facility was designed
and constructed and is operated in compliance with applicable national health food and pharmaceutical standards (GMP), and has achieved
ISO quality system certification and HACCP food safety system certification. 

Raw
Materials 

The
raw materials used in products we manufacture are generally readily available, subject to fluctuations in price due to supply and demand
issues. We do not look to enter into long term contracts with any of our suppliers as the materials we need shifts as demand for our
products changes. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe that we need to develop well recognized brand names and, when possible, obtain patents covering products we develop, their formulae
or the processes by which they are manufactured. Runcangsheng has received patents on certain manufacturing processes and has used multiple
brand names for its products. Given the early stage of Runcangsheng s development and our limited historical operations, our products
and brand names have yet to achieve the widespread recognition we envision. See, Risk Factors Risks Associated with
Our Company -, Our ability to adequately protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have an impact on our brand images and
ability to penetrate new markets. 

Competition 

The
category of nutritional products is very competitive and there are various channels through which such products are marketed to consumers,
including direct selling, through the internet, through specialty retailers, pharmacies and discount channels of food, drug and mass
merchandisers. We seek to differentiate ourselves by being familiar with our clients and providing a personalized sales experience and
focusing on after-sale services where sales employees focus on the consultative sales process through product education and the frequent
contact and support that many sales employees have with the clients. From a competitive standpoint, there are many providers and sales
outlets of nutritional products in China. We believe that none have effectively combined the product, personal coaching, education and
the product access provided by our sales employees and, further, that these efforts are compounded by the peer pressure our clients generate
through our organized group sales presentations. 

Employees 

As
of April 1, 2023, we had approximately 163 employees and there was no labor union established by our employees. The following table sets
out a breakdown of the number of employees by function as of April 1, 2023: 

Function 
 Number
 of employees 
 
 Administration 
 26 
 
 Finance 
 15 
 
 Manufacturing 
 43 
 
 Marketing
 (sales) 
 72 
 
 R D 
 4 
 
 Procurement 
 3 

We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and to date we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. 

7 

Government
Regulations 

We
are subject to numerous regulations applicable to businesses generally, including regulations relating to working conditions, employee
compensation and the maintenance of welfare plans, environmental regulation and truth in advertising. In addition, the manufacture and
distribution of nutritional products is subject to many laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations and guidance. Such
laws, regulations and other constraints exist at the national, provincial and local levels, including regulations pertaining to: (1)
the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, importation, sale and storage of products; (2) product claims and
advertising, including direct claims and advertising by us, as well as claims and advertising by manufacturers and distributors of the
products we offer, for which we may be held responsible; and (3) taxes. As a distributor, we are subject to only a portion of these laws
and regulations. We believe that we are fully compliant with those applicable to our activities. 

Prior
to commencing manufacture or distribution of a product, the manufacturer or distributor may be required to obtain an approval, license
or certification from the national, provincial or local government in China. Although we attempt to determine whether all regulatory
requirements have been met, we cannot monitor the manufacture of products we acquire for distribution from third parties and cannot be
certain that all applicable regulations are satisfied. Moreover, even if we were to determine that a manufacturer or distributor had
the requisite license or certification at the beginning of a relationship, we might not become aware if it were to forfeit any regulatory
approvals or fail to adhere to applicable requirements. 

Dietary
supplements are subject to regulation by the China Food and Drug Administration. China has highly restrictive nutritional supplement
product regulations. Products marketed as health foods are subject to extensive laboratory and clinical analysis by government
authorities, and the product registration process in China generally takes one to two years but, may be substantially longer. We market
both health foods and general foods. For products we distribute on behalf of or acquired from others, we
are not in a position to obtain any required license, though we may be held liable if we were to distribute a product which had not been
properly tested and registered with the authorities. There is some risk associated with the common practice in China of marketing a product
as a general food while seeking health food classification. If government officials feel the categorization
of a product distributed by us is inconsistent with product claims, ingredients or function, this could end or limit our ability to market
such products. 

As
the middle class has grown, the number of manufacturers and distributors of nutritional supplements in China has dramatically increased.
Many of these have often ignored applicable laws and distributed adulterated or inferior products. We believe this has created a marketing
opportunity which we have tried to exploit as a trusted source of products on which our clients can rely. To the extent our reputation
results from reviewing and testing products prior to distributing them, and then distributing only products determined to be safe, it
is incumbent upon us to ensure that the manufacturers and distributors upon which we rely are trustworthy. A failure by any of these
third parties could cause substantial damage to our reputation, business and financial results. 

Direct
selling and multi-level marketing are two forms of marketing regulated by various national, provincial and local government agencies
in China. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, including pyramid 
schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on product sales
to consumers. 

Under
PRC regulations, direct selling refers to a type of business mode in which a company recruits door-to-door salesmen to
sell products directly to ultimate consumers outside the companies fixed places of business. Businesses engaged in direct
selling are required to obtain a license from the PRC government. Multi-level marketing refers to marketing, promotional
and sales activities whereby organizers or operators take in new members and compensate each member based upon the number of new members
introduced by such member, directly or indirectly, or based upon the level of sales generated by the members introduced by such member.
The regulations also prohibit an organizer from requiring new members to deposit a sum of money as a condition to membership or requiring
that members recruit additional members to establish a multi-level relationship. PRC regulations distinguish direct selling from multi-level
marketing in that all direct sellers are normally trained by the direct selling company and any direct seller is not allowed to develop
new followers or form multiple levels. 

We
do not engage in direct selling or multi-level marketing since (i) we do not pay salaries or commissions to our member distributors,
who decide as a matter of personal preference whether to introduce our products to relatives or friends based on their own personal experience
of usage and/or trust of our company s products; (ii) we do not require individuals to deposit a sum of money to become a member;
and (iii) we do not pay members to recruit individuals to join in or to form a multi-level relationship. 

8 

Properties 

We
currently operate 13 retail pharmacies in Chengdu. The pharmacies are operated subject to short term leases at market rate rents. In
addition to the pharmacies, we maintain our administrative offices in Chengdu. 

Yunnan
Runcangsheng operates a 13,000 square meter production facility, including, R D centers, extraction facilities, preparation workshops
and a warehouse. Yunnan Runcangsheng has more than 30 brand names under which it distributes products and maintains and operates planting
facilities where it grows some of the key ingredients used in its products. Runcangsheng acquired the right to use the production facility
pursuant to a Development Agreement with the People s Government of Luquan Li and Miao Autonomous County. The Development Agreement
grants Ruuncangsheng the rights to use the facility for a period of five years ending November 25, 2025, provided Runcangsheng invests
certain amounts in the development of the property and its business, including the construction of office space, manufacturing facilities
and workshops. The governmental authorities appear to be satisfied with the progress Runcangsheng has made in the development of the
property to date and have not expressed any intent to terminate the Agreement. 

The
Shangyan Hotel covers more than 8,000 square meters and has a large restaurant that can accommodate 600 people, 6 luxury dining rooms,
a 200 square meter music tea house, 13 private tea rooms, 108 guest rooms and other supporting facilities. The hotel is conveniently
located, connected to the express ring line of Chengdu and the Chengdu bus system, within a 30-minute drive to Shuangliu International
Airport. The hotel is equipped with all modern facilities, including central air conditioning and each guest room features luxury bedding,
high-speed internet, a safe for valuables and minibar. To accommodate businesses, the banquet hall is equipped with advanced audio-visual
equipment and dedicated high-speed wireless Internet to facilitate large group presentations. The staff includes a professional banquet
team to ensure the success of any private function or business gathering. A full range of catering services, including Chinese-style
boutique Sichuan cuisine are provided in a stylish environment. The hotel is leased pursuant to an agreement which expires at the end
of 2023 at an annual rent of approximately RMB4,600,000 (USD 650,000). 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We
are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually
or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with
all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Associated with Our Company 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry and our failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our market share, revenues and
growth prospects. 

The
market for health and wellness products is large, highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Current and prospective participants include
specialty retailers, supermarkets, drugstores, mass merchants, multi-level marketing organizations, online merchants, mail-order companies
and a variety of other smaller participants. The market is also highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, which may rapidly
gain consumer acceptance. We compete for sales with heavily advertised brands manufactured by large pharmaceutical and food companies,
as well as other brands, some of which have greater market presence, name recognition and financial, marketing and other resources, including
some competitors that may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. Further, the ability of consumers
to compare prices on a real-time basis through the use of smartphones and digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain
competitive pricing. Many factors affect the extent to which competition could affect our results, including as it relates to pricing,
quality, assortment, marketing, promotions and advertising, service, locations, capital expenditures, category share and reputation,
any of which could have a material effect on our results of operations. 

9 

We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our performance and assess our prospects for future success. 

We
first entered the health and wellness business in December 2017. Consequently, we have a limited operating history on which to evaluate
our prospects in the health and wellness industry. 

Our
recently completed acquisition is subject to uncertainties and risks. 

We
recently completed a significant acquisition. There is no assurance that we will realize the benefits anticipated from our acquisition
of Yunnan Runcangsheng. The process of combining the operations of Yunnan Runcangsheng with our existing operations could have a material
adverse effect on us and our financial condition. 

Our
future expansion plans are subject to uncertainties and risks. 

We
intend to seek to expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions. The implementation of such plan requires us to integrate
any newly acquired business and its management teams. If we fail to effectively and efficiently implement our plan for acquisitions,
we may not be successful in achieving profitable results. Even if we effectively and efficiently implement our future plans, there may
be other unexpected events or factors that prevent us from achieving success. Our management has limited experience in effecting a rapid
expansion and in managing larger operations. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects may be materially
and adversely affected if our future expansion plans fail to achieve positive results. 

Failure
to effectively anticipate consumer preferences could negatively impact the demand for our products and our ability to generate revenues
and the market price of our common stock. 

Our
success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, consumer preferences, and shopping
patterns regarding health and wellness products. Consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual
change and evolution. Additionally, our customers may have expectations about how they shop in stores or through e-Commerce or more generally
engage with businesses across different channels or media (through online and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of
social media), which may change over time which may make it more difficult for us to adapt to rapid changes in consumer preferences. 

Resources
devoted to product innovation may not yield new products that achieve commercial success. 

Our
ability to develop new and innovative products or identify and acquire new and innovative products from third-party vendors, depends
on, among other factors, our ability to understand evolving market trends and translate our insights into identifying, and then designing
and manufacturing or otherwise obtaining, commercially successful new products. The health and wellness industry is characterized by
rapid and frequent changes in demand for products. The development of new and innovative products requires significant investment. The
process entails considerable uncertainty. Products may appear promising in development but may fail to achieve commercial success. There
is no guarantee that our development teams will be able to successfully respond to competitive products that could render some of our
offerings obsolete. 

10 

If
we do not successfully develop and maintain a robust omni-channel experience for our customers, our business and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Omni-channel
retailing where customers are accessed through various coordinated channels, is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing
customer expectations and new developments. The growing middle class in China is increasingly seeking relevant information regarding
healthy lifestyles and products that promote a healthy life. In addition, customers are increasingly shopping for products online instead
of in traditional brick-and-mortar shopping centers and retail locations. We anticipate the need to continue making investments in technology
and to provide ready means for our customers to access the information and products they want in a comfortable environment. If we are
unable to make, improve, or develop relevant channels to interact with customers in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our business
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if our e-commerce businesses or our other customer-facing
technology systems do not function as designed or we are unable to effectively blend our digital, online and in-store platforms, we may
experience a loss of customer confidence, lost sales, or data security breaches, any of which could materially and adversely affect our
business and results of operations. 

We
may incur material product liability claims, or experience product recalls, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our sales
and margin, reputation, revenues and operating income. 

As
a retailer, distributor and manufacturer of products for human consumption, we are subject to product liability claims if the use of
our products is alleged to result in injury. The products that we sell could contain contaminated substances, and some of the products
we sell contain ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from
human consumption of these ingredients could occur. 

Third-party
manufacturers produce many of the products we sell. We rely on these manufacturers to ensure the integrity of their ingredients and formulations.
As a distributor of products manufactured by third parties, we may also be liable for various product liability claims for products we
do not manufacture. We may be unable to adequately protect ourselves against claims with respect to products manufactured by a third-party. 

Our
ability to adequately protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have an impact on our brand images and ability to penetrate
new markets. 

We
believe that our trade names and trademarks and patents are important assets and an essential element of our strategy. The laws of the
PRC may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Claims that others are infringing our intellectual
property would be costly and would divert the attention of management and key personnel. Our failure to successfully protect our trademarks
could diminish the value and effectiveness of our past and future marketing efforts and could cause customer confusion. This could in
turn adversely affect our revenues, profitability and the market price of our common stock. 

Unfavorable
publicity about us or consumer perception of our products, the ingredients they contain and any similar products distributed by other
companies could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the demand for our products and our ability to generate revenues and
the market price of our common stock. 

We
are highly dependent upon consumer perception of the safety and quality of our products and the ingredients they contain. Consumer perception
of products and their ingredients can be significantly influenced by scientific research, national media attention and other publicity,
including social media. Adverse publicity, whether or not accurate, that associates consumption of our products or the ingredients they
contain or similar products distributed by other companies with illness or other adverse effects, that questions the benefits of our
or similar products, or that claims that such products are ineffective could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the demand
for our products, our ability to generate revenues and the market price of our common stock. 

We
depend on the services of key executives and other skilled professionals and our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified
associates. Any failure to attract or retain such individuals could affect our business strategy and adversely impact our performance
and results of operations. 

Our
senior executives are instrumental in setting our strategic direction, operating our business, identifying, recruiting and training personnel,
identifying opportunities, designing new products and arranging necessary financing. In addition, other key employees below the executive
level, with deep knowledge of our business, are critical to the execution and success of our strategy. We must attract, train and retain
a growing number of qualified individuals. 

11 

Losing
the services of any of these groups of individuals could adversely affect our business and we may be unable to identify candidates of
sufficient experience and capabilities in a timely fashion or at all, which could negatively impact our business and operations. Further,
our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage
rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these store and field associates
and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain qualified
store and field associates in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Compliance
with new and existing laws and governmental regulations could increase our costs significantly and adversely affect our results of operations.

The
processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of our products are subject to numerous
Chinese laws and regulations as well as laws and regulations imposed by provincial and local governments and agencies. Government regulations
may prevent or delay the introduction, or require the reformulation, of our products, which could result in lost revenues and increased
costs to us. Governing agencies may take enforcement action against any adulterated or misbranded health and wellness product or dietary
supplement on the market. If we violate applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to enforcement actions against us, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. The government may not
accept the evidence of safety for any new product or ingredient we may wish to market, may determine that a particular product or ingredient
presents an unacceptable health risk and may determine that a particular claim or statement of efficacy or nutritional value that we
use to support the marketing of a product is not substantiated, or is an unauthorized version of a health claim. Any of
these actions could prevent us from marketing particular products or making certain claims or statements with respect to those products.
Any product recalls or removals could also lead to an increased risk of litigation and liability, substantial costs, and reduced growth
prospects. 

A
significant disruption to our timely receipt of raw materials and inventory could adversely impact sales and operations or increase our
transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. 

Unexpected
delays in the deliveries of raw materials from our vendors or increases in transportation costs could significantly decrease our ability
to make sales and earn profits. We must maintain sufficient levels of raw materials and inventories to operate our business successfully.
However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory. If we fail to anticipate accurately either the market for the merchandise
we offer or our customers purchasing habits, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or
slow moving inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Natural
disasters (whether or not caused by climate change), unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks and terrorist acts in China
and the response of the Chinese governments to such occurrences, could impair our ability to purchase, receive or replenish inventory
or raw materials or cause customer traffic to decline, all of which could result in lost sales and otherwise adversely affect our financial
performance. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, fires, floods and earthquakes (whether or not caused by climate change),
unusually adverse weather conditions, pandemic outbreaks (including the recent outbreak of the coronavirus, or COVID-19) or terrorist
acts in China and the response of the Chinese government to such occurrences, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance.
To the extent these events result in the closure of one or more of our pharmacies, manufacturing facility or our corporate headquarters,
or impact one or more of our key suppliers, our operations and financial performance could be materially adversely affected through lost
sales. Such events could also cause a disruption in travel making it difficult for consumers to order our products, such as has happened
as a result of recent lock-downs in Chengdu. In addition, these events could result in increases in fuel (or other energy) prices or
a fuel shortage, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products
from some suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods, the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our
stores, expiration of inventory and disruption to our information systems. 

12 

Our
insurance may not be sufficient. 

We
carry insurance that we consider adequate in regard to the nature of the covered risks and the costs of coverage. We are not fully insured
against all possible risks, nor are all such risks insurable. 

Our
business depends on the continued contributions made by Mr. Quanzhong Lin, our key executive officer. The loss of his services may result
in a severe impediment to our business. 

Our
success is dependent upon the continued contributions made by our CEO and President, Mr. Quanzhong Lin. The Company has no Key
Man insurance to cover the resulting losses in the event that any of our officer or directors should die or resign. 

If
Mr. Lin cannot serve the Company or is no longer willing to do so, the Company may not be able to find alternatives in a timely manner
or at all. This would likely result in a severe damage to our business operations and would have an adverse material impact on our financial
position and operational results. To continue as a viable operation, the Company may have to recruit and train replacement personnel
at a higher cost. 

Our
key executive does not devote his full business time to our operations. 

Our
President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Quanzhong Lin, is involved in a number of businesses and does not devote all of his working
time to our business. Our positive reputation in Chengdu is derived from the standing of Mr. Lin in the Chengdu business community. If
Mr. Lin does not devote sufficient time to our business, our operations could suffer which would have an adverse material impact on our
financial position and operational results. 

Some
of the other businesses engaged in by Mr. Lin could be deemed competitive with aspects of our business. Should such other businesses
prove more successful than ours, Mr. Lin could choose to focus his attention on such businesses which could cause him to fail to devote
sufficient attention to our business and our operations could suffer and our financial conditions and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected 

Our
principal shareholder is not familiar with American business practices. 

Mr.
Quanzhong Lin, our principal shareholder, is a citizen of the PRC and an active entrepreneur in Chengdu. Mr. Lin is not familiar with
American business practices and is heavily influenced by the business culture in the PRC. There is a certain level of respect and prestige
associated with being the Chinese principal of a company which is publicly traded in the U.S. Mr. Lin s motivation for causing
the business of AiXinZhongdong to become a part of a U.S. publicly-traded company may differ from those of American entrepreneurs and
his values may cause him to operate the business differently than would an American entrepreneur which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows 

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Companies
operating in China are required to participate in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance,
housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentage of salaries,
including bonuses and allowances, of employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at locations
where they operate their businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently by the local governments
in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. Employers that fail to make adequate social insurance
and housing provident fund contributions may be subject to late payment fees, fines and sanctions. If the relevant PRC authorities determine
that we need to make supplemental contributions or that we are subject to late payment fees, fines or other legal sanctions, such as
order of timely rectification, in relation to our failure to make social insurance and housing fund contributions in full for our employees,
our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

13 

Our
common stock may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors. The
delisting of our common stock or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The
HFCAA was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA, as amended, states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued
by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for two consecutive years beginning in 2021,
the SEC shall prohibit the securities of such company from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter
trading market in the U.S. 

On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (i) China, and (ii) Hong Kong. On August 26, 2022, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, and the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol, or the Protocol, governing inspections and investigations of audit firms based
in China and Hong Kong. Pursuant to the Protocol, the PCAOB shall have independent discretion to select any issuer audits for inspection
or investigation and has the unfettered ability to transfer information to the SEC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the PCAOB is not
able to inspect and investigate completely our auditor s work papers in China, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection
which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities may be prohibited
under the HFCAA and the Nasdaq may determine to delist our securities if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completely
our auditor under the HFCAA . 

The
SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection 

Further,
new laws and regulations or changes in laws and regulations in both the United States and China could affect our ability to list our
common stock on Nasdaq, which could materially impair the market for and market price of our common stock. 

We
are exposed to liabilities relating to environmental protection and safety laws and regulations. 

Our
operations are subject to comprehensive and frequently changing laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health
and safety. The discharge of waste and pollutants from our manufacturing operations into the environment may give rise to liabilities
that may require us to incur costs to remedy such discharge. If we violate such laws or regulations, we may be required to implement
corrective actions and could be subject to civil or criminal fines or penalties or other sanctions. 

However,
we cannot assure you that any environmental laws adopted in the future will not materially increase our operating costs and other expenses.
We cannot assure you that we will not have to make significant capital or operating expenditures in the future in order to comply with
existing or new laws and regulations or that we will comply with applicable environmental laws at all times. Such violations or liability
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may require additional financing and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional financing when
needed. 

We
may need to obtain additional debt or equity financing to fund the immediate development of Yunnan Runcangsheng and future capital expenditures.
The issuance of additional equity may result in dilution to the holders of our outstanding shares of capital stock. Additional debt financing
may include conditions that would restrict our freedom to operate our business, such as conditions that: 

limit
 our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek consent for the payment of dividends; 

increase
 our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require
 us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash
 flow to fund capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

14 

We
cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. 

General
Risks Associated with Business Operations in China 

The
PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a PRC company s business operations and may intervene
with or influence our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and
may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory,
political and societal goals. 

The
PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or
the value of our common stock. We cannot rule out the possibility that the PRC government will release regulations or policies regarding
any industry that could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of our company. Furthermore, the
PRC government has also recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital
markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such action, could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to
significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

Recently,
the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance
notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed
overseas using variable interest entity VIE structures, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews,
adopting new measures regarding the release of sensitive information overseas, and expanding anti-monopoly enforcement efforts. These
statements and regulatory actions have yet to have an impact on our daily business operations, the ability to accept foreign investments
or list our securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange. Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain
how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed
implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations
will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign
exchange. 

There
are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. 

On
December 28, 2019, the newly amended Securities Law of the PRC (the PRC Securities Law was promulgated, which became effective
on March 1, 2020. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law Article 177 ), the securities regulatory authority
of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with securities regulatory authorities of another country or region
for the implementation of cross-border supervision and administration. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory
authorities shall not engage in activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories
of the PRC, and that no Chinese entities or individuals shall provide documents and information in connection with securities business
activities to any organizations and/or persons aboard without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council
and the competent departments of the State Council. As of the date of this prospectus, we are not aware of any implementing rules or
regulations which have been published regarding application of Article 177. 

Article
177 is only applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation or evidence collection by such
authorities within the territory of the PRC. In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies carry out an investigation on
us such as an enforcement action by the Department of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such agencies activities will constitute
conducting an investigation or collecting evidence directly within the territory of the PRC and accordingly fall within the scope of
Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory agencies may have to consider establishing cross-border cooperation with the
securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing a regulatory cooperation
mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation in a timely manner. 

15 

Furthermore,
as the date of this prospectus, there have not been implementing rules or regulations regarding the application of Article 177, it remains
unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government
authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to
conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to
conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and
may also delist our securities from Nasdaq or other applicable trading market within the US. 

The
CSRC has released the Trial Measures requiring Chinese domestic companies to complete filings with the CSRC if they complete an overseas
offering and listing of their securities. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Measures, regulations for the filing-based administration
of direct and indirect overseas securities offerings and listings by companies incorporated in Mainland China. The regulations are effective
March 31, 2023. We anticipate that as a domestic Chinese operating company with securities listed in the U. S., we will be required to
make filings pursuant to the Trial Measures. Any filings we make in accordance with the Trial Measures will provide the Chinese
Government with information regarding our operations. Reviewing information we provide may cause the PRC government to exert oversight
and control over our operations, securities offerings and other capital markets activities. Any such action could significantly limit
or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

The
CSRC has released Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Enterprises which may limit the activities of or disclosures made by companies in the PRC which, directly or
indirectly, list their securities overseas. 

On
February 24, 2023, the CSRC, together with other PRC government authorities, released the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, which
went into effect March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions require, among other items, that PRC domestic enterprises
seeking to offer and list securities in overseas markets, establish an archival system which will maintain the confidentiality of information
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Further, if a PRC domestic enterprise plans, directly or indirectly, to release documents
or provide material that contain state secrets or government work secrets, or that will jeopardize national security or the public interest,
it must strictly comply with all relevant governmental procedures and obtain approval of the appropriate regulatory before doing so.
Although we are subject to the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions, we believe that none of the documents or materials we intend
to provide to parties outside of the PRC contains materials that would require us to make any filing or obtain any approval of a Chinese
regulatory authority. Nevertheless, the determination of whether information contains state secrets, government work secrets or jeopardizes
national security or the public interest is subjective and any failure or perceived failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with
the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions could cause us to be referred for criminal investigation and held liable for such violations
by the authorities in China. Further, PRC regulatory authorities could use these regulations to limit our disclosures or interfere with
our operations. Any determination that we have violated the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions or use of these provisions to limit
our disclosures could cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

16 

You
may have difficulty in effecting service of legal process or bringing actions in China against us or our management based on foreign
laws. 

We
conduct our operations in China through wholly owned subsidiariesp and most of our assets are and will be located outside the United
States. Almost all of our operations will be conducted in China. In addition, nearly all of our officers and directors are PRC nationals
and residents of China and all of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect
service of process upon us or our directors and officers inside China or to bring actions against us or our management in China. 

Shareholder
claims that are common in the United States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult to pursue
as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information
needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. According to Article
177 of the PRC Securities Law which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct an
investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without the consent of the competent PRC
securities regulators and relevant authorities, no organization or individual may provide the documents and materials relating to securities
business activities to overseas parties outside of the PRC. 

You
may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgements in China against us or our management named in the prospectus. 

China
does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States and many
other countries and regions. Even judgements from countries that have an enforcement treaty with China are often not enforceable in China.
Therefore, recognition and enforcement in China of judgments of a court in any non-PRC jurisdiction in relation to any matter not subject
to a binding arbitration provision may be difficult or impossible. It may also be difficult for you to enforce U.S. courts judgments
based on violations of the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors,
since most of them are residents of the PRC and those who are not residents of the PRC reside outside of the United States for all or
a significant portion of time. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of China would recognize or enforce judgments
of U.S. courts. 

Foreign
exchange fluctuations may affect our business and our reported financial results. 

The
functional currency utilized by our PRC subsidiaries is the RMB and our financial results are reported in U.S. Dollars. Therefore, foreign
exchange fluctuations may influence our business and our reported financial results in unpredictable ways. Therefore, foreign exchange
fluctuations will impact the reporting of our financial results and significant fluctuations in the value of the RMB relative to the
U.S. Dollar may materially and adversely affect our financial results as reported in our filings with the SEC. 

The
value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political
and economic conditions and the foreign exchange policy adopted by the PRC government. In fiscal year 2021 and 2022 the value of the
Renminbi appreciated by approximately 7.4 and 3.2 against the U.S. dollar. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S.
government policy, may impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future. 

A
substantial percentage of our revenues and costs are denominated in Renminbi, and a significant portion of our assets are also denominated
in Renminbi. We rely on dividends, loans and other distributions on equity paid by our operating subsidiaries in China to pay any expenses
incurred outside of China. Any significant fluctuations in the value of the Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our liquidity
and cash flows. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount we would
receive. Conversely, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of the Renminbi
against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive. 

Inflation
could pose a risk to our business. 

A
change in the rate of inflation could influence the profits that we generate from our business. When the rate of inflation rises, the
operational costs of running our company would increase, such as labor costs, raw materials and public utilities, affecting our ability
to provide our services at competitive prices. An increase in the rate of inflation would force our clients to search for other service
providers, causing us to lose business and revenue. 

Changes
in the policies, regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may be quick with little advance notice and could
have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. 

The
PRC s economy is in a transition from a planned economy to a market oriented economy subject to five-year and annual plans adopted
by the central government that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on
the economic conditions of the PRC. The PRC government has confirmed that economic development will follow the model of a market economy.
Under this direction, we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries
and business development in the PRC will follow market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that
this will be the case. Changes in policies, regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws by the PRC government, which changes may be
quick with little advance notice, could adversely affect our interests by. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform
policies for more than two decades, we cannot assure you that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies
may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances
affecting the PRC s political, economic and social environment. 

17 

There
are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

Most
of our operations are conducted in the PRC and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. The PRC legal system is a civil law system
based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential
value. 

China
has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degree of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies and courts. In particular,
because many laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the non-precedential
nature of these decisions, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent
and unpredictable. Therefore, it is possible that our operations may be found not to be in full compliance with relevant laws and regulations.
In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not published on a timely
basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules
until after the occurrence of the violation. 

Administrative
and court proceedings in China may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
It may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than
in more developed legal systems. These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

PRC
regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult
for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 

Under
the PRC Anti-Monopoly Law, companies undertaking acquisitions relating to businesses in China must notify the anti-monopoly enforcement
agency in advance of any transaction where the parties revenues in the China market exceed certain thresholds and the buyer would
obtain control of, or decisive influence over, the other party. In addition, on August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including
the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the State Administration of Taxation, the SAIC, the China
Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, jointly adopted Regulations
on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, which came into effect on September 8,
2006 and was amended on June 22, 2009. Under the M A Rules, the approval of MOFCOM must be obtained in circumstances where overseas
companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire domestic companies affiliated with such PRC enterprises or
residents. Applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations also require certain merger and acquisition transactions to be subject to security
review. 

Our
business may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection. 

Our
business may be subject to PRC laws relating to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private
information, such as personal information and other data. These laws continue to develop, and the PRC government may adopt other rules
and regulations in the future. Non-compliance could result in penalties or other significant legal liabilities. 

18 

Pursuant
to the PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on November 7,
2016 and took effect on June 1, 2017, personal information and important data collected and generated by a critical information infrastructure
operator in the course of its operations in China must be stored in China, and if a critical information infrastructure operator purchases
internet products and services that affects or may affect national security, it should be subject to cybersecurity review by the Cyberspace
Administration of China CAC ). Due to the lack of further interpretations, the exact scope of critical information
infrastructure operator remains unclear. 

On
December 28, 2021, twelve Chinese government agencies jointly promulgated the Measures for Cybersecurity Review, which became effective
February 15, 2022, set forth the cybersecurity review mechanism for critical information infrastructure operators, and provided that
critical information infrastructure operators who intend to purchase internet products and services that affect or may affect national
security shall be subject to a cybersecurity review. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress
promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law provides for a security review procedure
for data activities that may affect national security. Moreover, the State Internet Information Office issued the Measures of Cybersecurity
Review (Revised Draft for Comments, not yet effective) on July 10, 2021, which requires operators with personal information of more than
1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review with the CAC. Furthermore, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severe and Lawful Crackdown
on Illegal Securities Activities, which was available to the public on July 6, 2021. These opinions emphasized the need to strengthen
the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies. As these laws,
opinions and the draft measures were recently issued, official guidance and interpretation of these remain unclear in several respects
at this time, and the PRC government authorities have wide discretion in the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, opinions and
draft measures. Therefore, it is uncertain whether the future regulatory changes would impose additional restrictions on our business 

The
Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data. The costs
of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, PRC Cybersecurity Law, Data Security Law and any other cybersecurity and related laws
may limit the utility of our internet sales channel of distribution and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further, if the
enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be
completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 

We
currently are not subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC because: (i) we do not possess a large amount of personal information
in our business operations; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be
classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted
or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation
and interpretation related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes
into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

We
cannot assure you that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that
we can fully or timely comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific
actions required by the CAC, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at
all. Given such uncertainty, we may be further required to shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

PRC
regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our PRC
Subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC Subsidiaries or limit our PRC Subsidiaries 
ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits. 

SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and
Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former
circular commonly known as SAFE Circular 75. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents to register with local branches of
SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas investment
and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or
interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle. SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to
the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle, such as changes in capital contributed
by PRC individuals, share transfers or exchanges, mergers, divisions or other material events. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding
interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC Subsidiaries of that special purpose
vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign
exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital into its PRC Subsidiaries.
Moreover, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of foreign
exchange controls. 

19 

As
we have little control over the registration procedures, we cannot assure you of the outcome of such registration, and we cannot assure
you that any of our shareholders who are PRC residents will submit the required registration or amend or update their registration as
required under Circular 37 and the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Simplifying and Improving the Foreign
Exchange Administration Policies for Direct Investment [Hui Fa (2015) No.13] issued by SAFE with effect from June 1, 2015, or SAFE Notice
13, in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we may not be aware of the identities of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents.
We do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC-resident beneficial owners will comply with
SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules. The failure of our current and future beneficial owners who are PRC residents to
register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules, may subject
the beneficial owners or our PRC Subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. On February 13, 2015, SAFE promulgated a Notice on Further
Simplifying and Improving Foreign Exchange Administration Policy on Direct Investment, or SAFE Notice 13, which became effective on June
1, 2015. Pursuant to SAFE Notice 13, entities and individuals are required to apply for foreign exchange registration of foreign direct
investment and overseas direct investment, including those required under the SAFE Circular 37, with designated domestic banks, instead
of SAFE. The designated domestic banks will directly review the applications and conduct the registration. 

Furthermore,
since it is unclear how the new SAFE regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions, will be
interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect
our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC Subsidiaries and limit our PRC Subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends to our company. These
risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject
to PRC income tax on our global income. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing rules, enterprises established under the laws of jurisdictions outside of China
with de facto management bodies located in China may be considered PRC tax resident enterprises for tax purposes and may
be subject to the PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on their global income. De facto management body refers
to a managing body that exercises substantive and overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting
books and assets of an enterprise. The State Administration of Taxation issued the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled
Offshore-Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the basis of de facto management bodies, or Circular 82, on April
22, 2009. Circular 82 provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a Chinese-controlled
offshore-incorporated enterprise is located in China. Although Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises,
not those controlled by foreign enterprises or individuals, the determining criteria set forth in Circular 82 may reflect the State Administration
of Taxation s general position on how the de facto management body test should be applied in determining the tax
resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises. If AiXin Colorado and AiXin BVI,
were to be considered a PRC resident enterprise, we would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on our global income.
In such case, our profitability and cash flow may be materially reduced as a result of our global income being taxed under the Enterprise
Income Tax Law. We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the
tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to
the interpretation of the term de facto management body. 

20 

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue effectively. 

We
conduct substantially all of our operations through the operating companies established in the PRC. Substantially all of our revenue
is denominated in Renminbi. The Renminbi is currently convertible under the current account, which includes dividends,
trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, but requires approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities
or designated banks under the capital account, which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including loans we may
secure from our onshore subsidiaries. Currently, one of our PRC subsidiaries may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current
account transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural
requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities or the local bank may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign
currencies in the future for current account transactions. 

Since
2016, PRC governmental authorities have imposed more stringent restrictions on outbound capital flows, including heightened scrutiny
over irrational overseas investments for certain industries, as well as over four kinds of abnormal offshore
investments. On January 26, 2017, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and Optimizing
Genuineness and Compliance Verification, which tightened the authenticity and compliance verification of cross-border transactions and
cross-border capital flow, including requiring banks to verify board resolutions, tax filing forms and audited financial statements before
wiring foreign invested enterprises foreign exchange dividend distribution of over US 50,000. In addition, the Outbound Investment
Sensitive Industry Catalogue (2018) lists certain sensitive industries that are subject to NDRC pre-approval requirements prior to remitting
investment funds offshore, which subjects us to increased approval requirements and restrictions should we have overseas investments.
Since a significant amount of our PRC revenue is denominated in Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may
limit our ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC, make investments, service
any debt we may incur outside of China or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders. 

Risks
Relating to Our Holding Company Structure 

Substantial
uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly enacted Foreign Investment Law and how it may
impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. 

On
March 15, 2019, the PRC National People s Congress approved the Foreign Investment Law, which came into effect on January 1, 2020
and replaced existing laws regulating foreign investment in the PRC and become the legal foundation for foreign investment in the PRC.
Meanwhile, the Implementation Regulation of the Foreign Investment Law and the Measures for Reporting of Information on Foreign Investment
 came into effect as of January 1, 2020, which clarified and elaborated the relevant provisions of the Foreign Investment Law .
The Foreign Investment Law sets out the basic regulatory framework for foreign investments and proposes to implement a system of pre-entry
national treatment with a restricted list for foreign investments, pursuant to which (i) foreign entities and individuals are prohibited
from investing in the areas that are not open to foreign investments, (ii) foreign investments in the restricted industries must satisfy
certain requirements under the law, and (iii) foreign investments in business sectors outside of the restricted list will be treated
equally with domestic investments. The Foreign Investment Law also sets forth necessary mechanisms to facilitate, protect and manage
foreign investments and proposes to establish a foreign investment information reporting system, through which foreign investors or foreign-invested
enterprises are required to submit initial report, report of changes, report of deregistration and annual report relating to their investments
to the Ministry of Commerce, or MOFCOM, or its local branches. 

Although
our operating structure is legal and permissible under the current Chinese law and regulations, including the Foreign Investment Law,
Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations
and/or could cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. 

21 

We
may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may
have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our
ability to conduct our business. 

We,
Aixin Colorado, the Colorado holding company, relies on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC subsidiaries and
loans between us and our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, including for the payment of dividends
to our investors, the shareholders of AiXin Colorado. Any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to or transfer
funds to us or our other PRC Subsidiaries could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and the ability
of our PRC Subsidiaries to conduct their respective businesses. If our PRC Subsidiaries incur debt, the instruments governing the debt
may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC Subsidiaries may
pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
In addition each of our PRC Subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any,
to fund a certain statutory reserve fund, until the aggregate amount of such fund reaches 50 of its registered capital. Such reserve
funds cannot be distributed to us as dividends. At its discretion, each of our PRC subsidiaries may allocate a portion of its after-tax
profits based on PRC accounting standards to an enterprise expansion fund, or a staff welfare and bonus fund. 

To
the extent our cash or other assets is in one of our Chinese Operating Companies or AiXin HK, the funds or assets may not be available
to fund operations or for use outside of mainland China or Hong Kong including for the payment of dividends to the shareholders of AiXin
Colorado, due to interventions by the governments of PRC or Hong Kong, or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability
of the PRC Subsidiaries to use such cash or assets imposed by the government of mainland China or Hong Kong. 

In
addition, the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules provide that a withholding tax rate of up to 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties
or arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC-resident enterprises
are incorporated. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

The
market price of our shares is likely to be highly volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors. 

The
trading price of our common stock may be volatile and could fluctuate widely due to factors beyond our control. This may happen because
of the broad market and industry factors, like the performance and fluctuation of the market prices of other companies with business
operations located mainly in China that have listed their securities in the United States. The securities of some companies with operations
in China and securities listed in the United States have experienced significant volatility. 

In
addition to market and industry factors, the trading price and volume of our common stock may be highly volatile due to factors specific
to our operations. Further, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. 

The
sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect its market price. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity offerings. Shares held by
our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions in Rule 144 under the Securities
Act and the applicable lock-up agreements. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our significant
shareholders or any other shareholder or the availability of these securities for future sale will have on the market price of our common
stock. 

Because
we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, you must rely on price appreciation of our common stock for return on your
investment. 

To
date, we have not paid dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all of our available funds and any future earnings
to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our common stock as a source for dividend income. 

22 

Our
CEO has substantial influence over our company. His interests may not be aligned with the interests of our other shareholders, and he
could prevent or cause a change of control or other transactions. 

Quanzhong
Lin, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owns an aggregate of 58 of our outstanding common
stock. Accordingly, Mr. Lin could have significant influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter
submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations, the appointment of directors and other significant corporate
actions. Mr. Lin will also have the power to prevent or cause a change in control. Without the consent of Mr. Lin, we may be prevented
from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us or our minority shareholders. In addition, Mr. Lin could violate his fiduciary
duties by diverting business opportunities from us to himself or others. The interests of Mr. Lin may differ from the interests of our
other shareholders. The concentration in the ownership of our common stock shares may cause a material decline in the value of our common
stock. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

No
disclosure is required pursuant to this item. 

Item
 2 
 Properties. 

We
currently operate 13 retail pharmacies in Chengdu. The pharmacies are operated subject to short term leases at market rate rents. In
addition to the pharmacies, we maintain our administrative offices in Chengdu. 

Yunnan
Runcangsheng operates a 13,000 square meter production facility, including, R D centers, extraction facilities, preparation workshops
and a warehouse. Yunnan Runcangsheng operates planting facilities where it grows some of the key ingredients used in its products. Runcangsheng
acquired the right to use the production facility pursuant to a Development Agreement with the People s Government of Luquan Li
and Miao Autonomous County. The Development Agreement grants Ruuncangsheng the rights to use the facility for a period of five years
ending November 25, 2025, provided Runcangsheng invests certain amounts in the development of the property and its business, including
the construction of office space, manufacturing facilities and workshops. The governmental authorities appear to be satisfied with the
progress Runcangsheng has made in the development of the property to date and have not expressed any intent to terminate the Agreement. 

The
Shangyan Hotel covers more than 8,000 square meters and has a large restaurant that can accommodate 600 people, 6 luxury dining rooms,
a 200 square meter music tea house, 13 private tea rooms, 108 guest rooms and other supporting facilities. The hotel is conveniently
located, connected to the express ring line of Chengdu and the Chengdu bus system, within a 30-minute drive to Shuangliu International
Airport. The hotel is equipped with all modern facilities, including central air conditioning and each guest room features luxury bedding,
high-speed internet, a safe for valuables and minibar. To accommodate businesses, the banquet hall is equipped with advanced audio-visual
equipment and dedicated high-speed wireless Internet to facilitate large group presentations. The staff includes a professional banquet
team to ensure the success of any private function or business gathering. A full range of catering services, including Chinese-style
boutique Sichuan cuisine are provided in a stylish environment. The hotel is leased pursuant to an agreement which expires at the end
of 2023 at an annual rent of approximately RMB4,600,000 (USD 650,000). 

Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

23 

Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable 

PART
II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQX Best Market tier of the OTC Markets www.otcmarkets.com under the symbol AIXN. 
From February 6, 2019 until January 22, 2021, our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol AIXN. There exists
only a limited trading market for our common stock on the OTCQX Best Market with limited or no volume. The below table indicates, with
respect to our common stock, the range of high and low trading prices for each full quarterly period within the two most recent fiscal
years. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily
represent actual transactions. 

Year
 ended December 31, 2022 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 2.40 
 8.20 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 2.49 
 4.38 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 3.01 
 4.00 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 3.05 
 6.45 

Year
 ended December 31, 2021 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 4.80 
 6.13 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 7.00 
 7.00 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 4.00 
 6.79 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 4.40 
 6.98 

Holders 

As
of April 20, 2023, we had 635 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth of our business,
our board of directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, growth, capital requirements, and other factors, which our board of directors
may deem relevant. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

24 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information about the common stock available for issuance under compensatory plans and arrangements as of
December 31, 2022. 

Plan
 Category 
 (a)
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 (b)
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under equity compensation plans 
 (c)
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity Compensation plans (excluding securities reflected
 in column (a)) 

Equity
 compensation plan approved by security holders 
 None 
 
 662,500 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 
 None 

Total 
 None 
 
 662,500 

On
January 10, 2019, we adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan pursuant to which we registered up to 625,000
shares of our common stock for issuance and delivery to employees, directors and consultants of the Company as additional incentives
to attract and retain the best available personnel. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
SEC has regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be equity securities that have a market price less
than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is a penny
stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice
requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors 
(generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their
spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and
have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of
broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market,
thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure
schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are
required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market
in penny stock. 

There
can be no assurance that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock
were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority
to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the
public interest. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

During
2022 and 2021, we did not have any sales of equity securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, that have not been previously reported in a report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

25 

Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Forward
Looking Statements 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and related notes thereto and other
financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking
statements. Where possible, we have tried to identify these forward-looking statements by using words such as anticipate, 
 believe, intends, or similar expressions. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that these expectations will prove to be correct. As a result of many factors, including
those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this report, our actual results could differ materially from
the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

Corporate
History 

We AiXin Life or AiXin Colorado were incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado on December 30,
1987. In December 2017, we completed a reverse acquisition whereby we acquired all of the outstanding shares of AiXin (BVI)
International Group Co., Ltd. a British Virgin Islands corporation AiXin BVI ). As a result, AiXin BVI became our wholly-owned
subsidiary, and through AiXin BVI we now own all of the outstanding shares of HK AiXin International Group Co., Limited, a Hong Kong
limited company AiXin HK ), which in turn owns all of the outstanding shares of Chengdu AiXinZhonghong Biological Technology
Co., Ltd., a Chinese limited company AiXinZhonghong ), which began distributing nutritional products in 2013. 

In
September 2021, we completed the acquisition of nine pharmacies located in Chengdu by acquiring the
entities which owned the pharmacies for an aggregate purchase price of RMB 34,635,845, or approximately US 5.31 million. Since that time,
the number of our pharmacies has increased to 13. 

In
July 2022, we entered in an Equity Transfer Agreement
(the Transfer Agreement to acquire all of the outstanding equity of Yunnan Runcansheng Technology Co., Ltd Runcansheng based in Yunnan Province. Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, on September 30, 2022, we acquired
all of the outstanding equity of Runcansheng for RMB 31,557,820 (approximately USD 4.4 million), reduced by 116,802 the excess of the
estimated net worth of Runcangsheng over its audited net worth as of December 31, 2021. In addition to transferring their respective
equity interest in Runcangsheng, both Sellers agree to forgive any loans due to them from Runcangsheng. Runcangsheng operates
a 13,000 square meter production facility, which houses R D centers, extraction facilities, preparation workshops and a warehouse.
Runcangsheng has more than 30 sub brands and operates planting facilities where it grows some of the key ingredients used in its products.
Many of the products it has developed are specifically targeted to alleviate symptoms associated with the increasingly competitive and
pressured lifestyle of the Chinese middle class. 

Runcangsheng.
was established in April, 2020, and is headquartered in Luquan Yi and Miao Autonomous County, Kunming City, Yunnan Province. It
is focused on promoting a healthy lifestyle through the use of foods believed to promote well-being, health foods, modernized versions
of traditional Chinese medical products and plant extracts. Runcangsheng cultivates many of the
raw materials used in its products, compounds the materials into easy to transport and use pre-packaged foods and distributes the products
at the wholesale level. As life-styles in China evolve, work pressures increase and the ingestion of meats and other western style foods
increases, Runcangsheng seeks to design and market products intended to combat the increase in obesity, hypertension, insomnia and physical
ailments associated with such changes. The acquisition of Runcangsheng will enable us to operate as a vertically integrated company,
capable of formulating the kinds of health foods and other nutritional products and supplements suitable for our clients and marketing
those products through our distribution channels. 

In
addition to our acquisitions in the health and nutritional sector, in July 2021, we completed the acquisition of Aixin Shangyan Hotel
which owns and operates a hotel located in the Jinniu District, Chengdu City. The hotel covers more than 8,000 square meters and has
a large restaurant that can accommodate 600 people, 6 luxury dining rooms, a 200 square meter music tea house, 13 private tea rooms,
108 guest rooms and other supporting facilities. We acquired the hotel through an acquisition of the outstanding equity of Aixin Shangyan
Hotel for a purchase price of RMB 7,598,887, or approximately 1.16 million. We
envision utilizing the hotel to conduct marketing events and seminars for our customers, and training sessions for our personnel at which
we introduce new products and services intended to promote healthy living. 

26 

We
intend to look for additional opportunities to profit from the growing healthcare market in China. Though currently we are not party
to any agreements, we will explore, among other opportunities, expanding our product line through internal research and acquiring complementary
products from third parties, acquiring additional pharmacies and other retail outlets and operating nursing homes and possibly clinics
which provide medical care to clients. 

Our
Business 

We
are focused on providing health and wellness products to the growing middle class in China. We currently develop, manufacture, market
and sell premium-quality healthcare, nutritional products and wellness supplements, including herbs and greens, traditional Chinese remedies,
functional products, such as weight management tools, probiotics, foods and drinks. We also offer products purchased from third parties
and provide advertising and marketing services to clients which engage us to market and distribute their products. We offer our products
and those of clients for which we provide marketing services, through a diversified, omni-channel business model which generates revenues
through retail and wholesale product sales, through company-owned pharmacies, direct marketing and e-commerce. Our marketing approach
emphasizes proactively approaching customers such as by hosting marketing events for clients, which we believe is ideally suited to marketing
the products we offer because sales of healthcare, nutritional products and supplements are strengthened by ongoing personal contact
and support, coaching and education among the Company and our clients towards how to achieve a healthy and active lifestyle. 

We
believe the competitive strengths that will enable us to grow in the health and wellness market include our ability to design and manufacture
products that are responsive to consumers needs as the life style of China s middle class evolves, our coordinated omni-channel
distribution network where we enable consumers to obtain the information they need to improve their lifestyle on our website, at our
pharmacies and through individual meetings with our team members. 

Our
ability to operate profitably and generate positive cash flow will be determined by our ability to attract a large and loyal customer
base and provide the information and products they need cost effectively. Our revenue will largely be determined by our ability to achieve
and maintain a strong brand name and company image, the volume of products we sell and the prices we can charge for such products, which
will require that we compete effectively. Our costs will largely be determined by the cost of raw materials and acquired inventory, the
labor used to design and manufacture products, and the costs incurred to deliver these products to the consumer. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization announced that infections caused by the coronavirus disease of 2019 COVID-19 had become pandemic and national, provincial and local authorities in China, including those whose jurisdictions include Chengdu, where
our offices, hotel and pharmacies are located, adopted various regulations and orders, including shelter in place rules,
restrictions on travel, mandates on the number of people that may gather in one location and closing non-essential businesses. Many of
these measures have been relaxed from time to time in various localities due to the decrease in the prevalence of COVID-19 in China.
 Due to China s enforcement of its zero-tolerance policy, Chengdu had been subject to shelter
in place rules, lockdowns, restrictions on travel and other measures which have negatively impacted our business operations. In particular,
lockdowns, limitations on travel and limits on the number of people that may gather in one location negatively impact our marketing efforts.
 China recently moved away from its reliance upon a zero-tolerance policy, it has been reported that the number of
COVID-19 cases in China has surged after the government abandoned its zero-tolerance policy. It is likely that this sudden increase in
COVID cases will cause many individuals to voluntarily restrict their travel which could adversely impact many industries in China, including
us. Moreover, the perception that Covid-19 and other infectious diseases are on the rise, may make
some potential customers reluctant to attend large gatherings or meet with members of our sales team which could limit our sales growth.
 We have implemented procedures to promote employee and customer safety. These measures will not significantly increase our operating
costs. However, we cannot predict with certainty what measures may be taken by our suppliers and customers and the impact these measures
may have on our financial results for 2022. 

27 

We
intend to build a reputation as a provider of premium health and wellness products that seeks to improve our customers health and well-being.
Our objective is to offer a broad and deep mix of products for consumers interested in living well, whether they are looking to treat
a health-related issue or simply maintain their overall wellness, Our premium, value-added offerings include both proprietary products
developed and manufactured by us as well as products acquired from or sold on behalf of third parties. We believe our range of products
and ability to develop new products, combined with the customer support and service we offer, differentiate us and allow us to effectively
compete against food, drug and mass channel players, specialty stores, independent vitamin, supplement and natural food shops and online
retailers. There is no assurance that we will achieve our business objectives. 

Results
of Operations 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net revenue, certain columns may
not add due to rounding: 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

of Revenue 

of Revenue 
 
 Revenue 
 2,708,560 
 100 
 3,066,233 
 100 
 
 Operating
 costs and expenses 
 5,278,019 
 195 
 3,093,171 
 101 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (2,569,459 
 (95 
 (26,938 
 (1 
 
 Non-operating
 income (expenses), net 
 (3,798,689 
 (140 
 34,023 
 1 
 
 Income
 (loss) before income tax 
 (6,368,148 
 (235 
 7,085 
 (0.2 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 1,097 
 0.04 
 274,321 
 (9 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (6,369,245 
 (235 
 (267,236 
 (9 

The
following table shows our operations by business segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 revenue 

Advertising
 and products 
 823,930 
 2,406,988 
 
 Pharmacies 
 789,347 
 280,447 
 
 Hotel 
 856,884 
 378,798 
 
 Manufacture
 and Sale 
 238,399 
 - 
 
 Total
 revenues, net 
 2,708,560 
 3,066,233 

Operating
 costs and expenses 

Advertising
 and products 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 171,345 
 316,750 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 1,526,246 
 1,344,543 
 
 Pharmacies 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 578,092 
 218,735 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 622,835 
 252,513 
 
 Hotel 

Hotel
 operating costs 
 1,739,948 
 744,594 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 310,902 
 216,036 
 
 Manufacture
 and Sale 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 353,723 
 - 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 (25,072 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating costs and expenses 
 5,278,019 
 3,093,171 

(Loss)
 income from operations 

Advertising
 and products 
 (873,661 
 745,695 
 
 Pharmacies 
 (411,580 
 (190,801 
 
 Hotel 
 (1,193,966 
 (581,832 
 
 Manufacture
 and Sale 
 (90,252 
 - 
 
 Loss
 from operations 
 (2,569,459 
 (26,938 

28 

Revenue 

Revenue
was 2,708,560 for the year ending December 31, 2022, compared to 3,066,233 in the same period of 2021, a decrease of 357,673 or 12 .
The decrease in revenue was mainly due to the absence of advertising revenues as due to COVID-19 restrictions we were not able to host
the types of events at which we market nutritional products, which were partly offset by revenues from our pharmacies, hotel and manufacturing
operations. Revenues and expenses as a result of the acquisition of our pharmacies, hotel and Runcangsheng began to be included in our
financial results from their respective dates of acquisition. For the year ended of December 31, 2022, we had 0 advertising revenue
and 1,851,676 product revenues (of which 823,930 were from direct sales, 789,347 represented sales at our pharmacies, 238,399 represented
sales from our newly acquired entity Runcangsheng), and hotel revenue of 856,884. For 2021, we had advertising and product revenues
of 2,406,988, pharmacies revenue of 280,447, and hotel revenue of 378,798. We
completed the acquisition of our hotel in August 2021, our pharmacies in September 2021 and Runcangsheng in September 2022. 

Operation
Costs and Expenses 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold was 1,103,160 for the year ended December 31, 2022 , compared to 535,485
for the year ended December 31, 2021 , an increase of 567,675 or 106 . The increase in our
cost of goods sold is attributable to an increase of pharmacy products sales, sales from our acquisition of Runcangsheng, and direct
 product sales as opposed to advertising revenues for which there is no cost of goods. The
cost of goods sold for our direct product sales as a percentage of sales was 21 in 2022, compared to 69 for 2021. The cost of goods
sold for products sold through our pharmacies as a percentage of pharmacy product sales was 73 in 2022, compared
to 78 in 2021. 

Hotel
Operating Costs 

Hotel
operating costs were 1,739,948 for the year ended December 31, 2022. compared to 744,594 for the same period of 2021. The
increase in hotel operating costs in 2022 was mainly due to the increased revenue as a result of increased activity at our hotel and
the inclusion of the results of operations of the hotel for all of 2022 as opposed to the months beginning in August 2021. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 2,434,911 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,813,092 for the same period of 2021, an increase of 621,819
or 34 . The increase in operating expenses was mainly due to the inclusion of the operating expenses of our pharmacies and hotel. 

Loss
from Operations 

Loss
from operations was 2,569,459 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 26,938 in the same period of 2021, an increase of 2,542,521
or 9,438 . The increase in our loss from operations for 2022 was due to the losses incurred by each of our revenue streams. All of our
operations and in particular our direct marketing activities and hotel business were materially adversely impacted by travel and work
restrictions and limits on the number of people that might gather in one place imposed on a temporary basis in China and Chengdu to limit
the spread of COVID-19. 

29 

Non-Operating
Income (Expense) 

Non-operating
expense was 3,798,689 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to non-operating income of 34,023 for the year ended December
31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had an impairment loss of goodwill of 3,823,770 arising from the acquisition of Runcangsheng,
and other expenses of 31,651,partly offset by interest income of 4,876 and other income of 51,856. For the year ended December 31,
2021, we had interest income of 4,113 and other income of 63,064 and other expenses of 33,154. 

Income
Tax Expense 

Income
tax expense was 1,097 and 274,321 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 273,224 or 100 for
 the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with 2021. 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 6,369,245, compared to 267,236 in 2021, an increase of 6,102,009 or 2,283 . The
increased net loss in the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly due to decreased sales revenue, increased operating costs and expense,
and an impairment loss in 2022 as explained above . The
impairment loss was the result of our decision to write-off the entire amount of the goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Runcangsheng
as the company was in the development stage and will need additional capital to achieve its business goals. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
the year ended of December 31, 2022, we used 1,624,565 in operations. As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents were 510,128
(excluding 109,772 of restricted cash), compared to 8,556,642 (excluding 44,211 of restricted cash) as of December 31, 2021. At December
31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 3,346,358 compared to working capital of 4,753,390 at December 31, 2021. 

The
following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (1,624,565 
 (57,804 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 (3,522,369 
 (4,431,513 
 
 Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (2,389,593 
 5,221,864 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , net cash used in operating activities was 1,624,565 .
This reflects our net loss of 6,369,245, increased by non-cash related expenses including depreciation and amortization expense of 185,565,
the change in deferred tax of 1,858, operating lease expense of 837,425, stock-based compensation of 371,540, inventory impairment
of 54,899 and an impairment loss of goodwill of 3,823,770, less changes in working capital of 576,330. The cash outflow from changes
in working capital mainly resulted from an increase in outstanding accounts receivable of 425,961, payments of lease liabilities of
 710,865, a change in accounts payable of 71,153, unearned revenue of 24,401 and taxes payable of 137,711, which was partly offset
by cash inflows from accrued liabilities and other payables of 289,868, other receivable and prepaid expense of 109,439, inventory
of 150,872, accounts payable to related party of 140,608, and advances to suppliers of 103,016. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 57,804. This reflects our net loss of 267,236, adjusted
by non-cash related expenses including depreciation and amortization expense of 96,106, operating lease expense of 411,607 and stock-based
compensation of 371,540, and then decreased by change in deferred tax of 18,570, and changes in working capital of 651,251. The cash
outflow from changes in working capital mainly resulted from unearned revenue of 122,897, payments of taxes payable of 57,467, payments
of lease liabilities of 473,508 and payments of accrued liabilities of 142,027, partly offset by cash inflow from other receivables
and prepaid expenses 94,992 and inventory of 69,738. 

30 

Net
cash used in investing activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 3,522,369, mainly as a result of 3,812,027 paid for the
acquisition of Runcangsheng, and purchases of property and equipment of 156,723, partly offset by cash acquired in connection with the
acquisition of Runcangsheng of 446,381. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 4,431,513, mainly for the acquisition of our hotel and pharmacies
of 4,517,620, partly offset by cash acquired in connection with the acquisitions of 87,448. 

Net
cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 2,389,593 as a result of payments made against advances
from related parties of 2,389,593. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities reflected a capital contribution of 4,386,070 and the proceeds
from advances from related parties of 1,204,442, partially offset by the repayment of loans from third parties of 368,648. 

We
substantially depleted our available cash and working capital during 2022 supporting our operations and completing the acquisition of
Runcangsheng. It is likely that Runcangsheng will require additional capital to achieve its short
term operational goals and long range business plans. Further, we may need additional capital to maintain our other businesses. We may
also have to raise additional financing as our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of
our business as a result of our acquisition of Runcangsheng. In the past we have funded our operations
through the proceeds from private placements of equity and advances from our principal shareholder. Should we require capital to fund
our business, we intend to finance our business by raising additional capital or, when available, borrowing additional funds. Additional
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders and could cause the price of our
common stock to decrease. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional
financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially
restrict our business operations. 

We
are subject to all of the substantial risks inherent in the development of a new business enterprise within an extremely competitive
industry. Due to the absence of a long standing operating history and the emerging nature of the markets in which we compete, we anticipate
operating losses until we can successfully implement our business strategy. Our revenue model is new and evolving, and we cannot be certain
that it will be successful. The potential profitability of our business model is unproven. We may never ever achieve profitable operations.
Our future operating results depend on many factors, including demand for our services, the level of competition, and the ability of
our officers to manage our business and growth. As a result of the emerging nature of the market in which we compete, we may incur operating
losses until such time as we can develop a substantial and stable revenue base. Additional development expenses may delay or negatively
impact the ability of the Company to generate profits. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our business model will be successful or
that we can sustain revenue growth, achieve or sustain profitability, or continue as a going concern. 

Our
ability to obtain funds through the issuance of debt or equity is dependent upon the state of the financial markets at such time as we
may seek to raise funds. The state of the capital market markets may be adversely impacted by various risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to future and current impacts of global events such as COVID-19 and the war in the Ukraine, increases in inflation and
other risks detailed herein. 

Impact
of Inflation 

Our
results of operations may be affected by inflation, particularly rising prices for products and other operating costs if we cannot pass
such increases along to our customers in the form of higher prices for our products and services. Generally, we are not party to long
term contracts and our inventory turns multiple times per year and we anticipate that we will be able to increase prices on products
to reflect increases in the cost of inventory. 

31 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have no long-term fixed contractual obligations or commitments other than our operating lease commitment detailed in Note 11. 

Contingencies 

Our
operations are conducted in the PRC and are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies
in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments
in China and foreign currency exchange rates. Our results may be adversely affected by changes in PRC government policies with respect
to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad and rates and methods of taxation, among
other things. In particular, China continues to maintain a zero COVID-19 policy which has caused government agencies from time to time
to impose strict lockdowns and limits on the number of people that may gather in one place at any time. Certain of these measures have
had a material adverse impact on our business and may continue to do so is they are imposed in the future. 

Our
sales, purchases and expense transactions in China are denominated in RMB and all of our assets and liabilities in China are also denominated
in RMB. The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies under the current PRC law. In China, foreign exchange transactions
are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions. Remittances in currencies other than RMB may require
certain supporting documentation in order to affect the remittance. 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
statements, which were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US
GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as
the reported net sales and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. We
base our estimates on historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, we believe the following
accounting policies are the most critical to assist you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles US GAAP ).
The functional currency of AiXinZhongHong, Aixin Shangyan Hotel and Aixintang Pharmacies is Chinese Renminbi RMB ). The
accompanying financial statements are translated from RMB and presented in U.S. dollars USD ). 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Significant
estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, and the reserve
for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

32 

Accounts
Receivable 

We
maintain an allowance for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and
analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment
patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the bad debt allowance was 272,500 and 213,787 ,
respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

ASU
No. 2014-09 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), became effective for us on January 1, 2018.
Our revenue recognition disclosure reflects updated accounting policies that are affected by this new standard. We applied the modified
retrospective transition method for open contracts for the implementation of Topic 606. As revenues are and have been primarily
from the delivery of products and the performance of services, and we have no significant post-delivery obligations, this did not result
in a material recognition of revenue on the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the cumulative impact of applying this
new standard. We made no adjustments to previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented in accordance with
our historical accounting practices under Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue
from sale of goods under Topic 606 is recognized in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of our products and services
to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed
 contract(s) with customers that we believe are legally enforceable; 

identification
 of performance obligation in the respective contract; 

determination
 of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation
 of the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition
 of revenue only when we satisfy each performance obligation. 

Our
revenue recognition policies for our operating segments are as follows: 

Advertising
and Products 

Advertising
Revenue 

Commencing
in the third quarter of 2019 we began to provide advertising services to our clients. Advertising contracts are signed to establish the
price and advertising services to be provided. Pursuant to the advertising contracts, we provided advertising and marketing services
to clients through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing. We perform a credit assessment of each customer to
assess the collectability of the contract price prior to entering into contracts. 

Most
of the advertisement contracts designated that we perform advertising services for the client through exhibition events, conferences,
and person-to-person marketing during the contracted period, regardless of the number of such events. As such, we determined that the
performance obligation is satisfied over time during the contracted period and revenue is recognized accordingly. Such advertising revenue
amounted to 0 and 1,944,811 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All
of the advertising revenue is subject to the PRC VAT of 6 . This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by us for raw materials and other materials
purchased in China. 

Products
Revenue 

Our
revenue from sales of products is recognized when goods are delivered to the customer and no other obligation exists. We do not provide
unconditional return or other concessions to customers. Our sales policy allows for the return of unopened products for cash after deducting
certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to returning a product, customers may request an exchange for products with the
same value. 

33 

Product
sales revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All of our products sold in China
are subject to the PRC VAT of 13 since April 1, 2019. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by for raw materials and other materials purchased
in China. We record VAT payables and VAT receivables net of payments in the financial statements. The VAT tax return is filed offsetting
the payables against the receivables. Sales and purchases are recorded net of VAT collected and paid as we act as an agent for the government. 

Pharmacies 

Our
retail drugstores recognize revenue at the time the customer takes possession of the merchandise. For pharmacy sales, each prescription
claim is its own arrangement with the customer and is a performance obligation. We generally receive payment from pharmacy customers
as we satisfy our performance obligation. We record a receivable when we have an unconditional right to receive payment and only the
passage of time is required before payment is due. Sales revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of VAT. All of the products
sold in our pharmacies are exempt from VAT as the pharmacies qualify for a small business exemption. 

Hotel 

Hotel
revenues are primarily derived from the rental of rooms, food and beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services, including but
not limited to souvenir, parking and conference reservations. Each of these products and services represents a distinct performance obligation
and, in exchange for these services, we receive fixed amounts based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is due in full
at the time when the services are rendered or the goods are provided. Room rental revenue is recognized on a daily basis when rooms are
occupied. Food and beverage revenue and other goods and services revenue are recognized when they have been delivered or rendered to
the guests as the respective performance obligations
are satisfied. All of the hotel s goods sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of 6 . This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by on
raw materials and other materials purchased in China. 

Manufacture
and Sale 

The
Company s new subsidiary Runcangsheng recognizes revenue at the time products are shipped as this satisfies its performance obligation.
The Company records a receivable for the sales when it has an unconditional right to receive payment and only the passage of time is
required before payment is due. Sales revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All
of the Company s products sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of 13 unless it is a qualified small subject to exemption. 

Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

This
item does not apply to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements And Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements appear beginning on page F-1, immediately following the signature page of this report. 

Item
 9 
 Changes
 In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

34 

Item
 9A 
 Controls
 And Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Management
of AiXin Life International, Inc. is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. 

At
December 31, 2022, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and
15(d)-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) was carried out under the supervision and with the
participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and
procedures, they concluded that at December 31, 2022, such disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. This was due to our
limited resources, including the absence of a financial staff with accounting and financial expertise and knowledge of the regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting
that adversely affected our disclosure controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

We
plan, if our revenues continue to increase, to seek to recruit individuals responsible for identifying reportable developments and to
implement procedures designed to remediate the material weakness by focusing additional attention and resources in our internal accounting
functions. However, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company
assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions
may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation was based on criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based
upon such assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that due to the absence of a financial staff
with accounting and financial expertise and certain deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting,
our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

35 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The rules of the SEC do not require an attestation of the Management s report by our registered public accounting firm
in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter and fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Given the limitations of our accounting personnel, we need to take additional steps to ensure that our financial statements are in accordance
with US GAAP. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

Not
applicable 

PART
III 

Item
 10 
 Directors
 And Executive Officers And Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of the end of the last fiscal year and on the
date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 
 
 43 
 
 Director,
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Yao-Te
 Wang (1) (2) (3) 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Chang-Ping
 Lin (4) 
 
 44 
 
 Director 
 
 Christopher
 Lee (1) (2) (3) 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Huiliang
 Jiao (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Guolu
 Li (5) 
 
 55 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Tianfeng
 Li (5) 
 
 35 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(1) 
 Member
 of the Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member
 of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member
 of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Jiao was appointed a Director on December 1, 2022 following the resignation of Chang-Ping Lin. 
 
 (5) 
 Tianfeng
 Li was appointed Chief Financial Officer on December 1, 2022, concurrent with the dismissal of Goulu Li. 

Quanzhong
Lin has served as a director, President and Chief Executive Officer of our company since February 2, 2017. Mr. Lin is a highly active
entrepreneur in China, and currently serves as Chairman of AiXin Company Group, a diversified company which he founded in 2008. In addition
to AiXin Company Group, Mr. Lin has founded a number of companies located in Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China, engaged in various
types of business, including pharmacies, retail outlets, hotel management services and global tourism. 

In
2009, Mr. Lin founded QingBaiJiangJinWanXiang Daily Necessities store, predecessor to AixinZhonghong Biotechnology Co., Ltd. From 2010
to 2013, Mr. Lin opened branches in Xindu and Xinjin district, officially entering the Chengdu market. 

In
September 2013, Mr. Lin founded Chengdu AiXin E-Commerce Company Ltd., which in the following twelve months opened branches in cities
and counties including Huayuan and Wenjiang district, and Mianyang and Jianyang city. In April 2015, AiXin E-commerce Co., Ltd. changed
its name to Chengdu AixinZhonghong Biotechnology Co., Ltd., whose shares became listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Ticker Symbol:
207448) in October 2015; and during 2015, AixinZhonghong opened branches in Dujiangyan City, and Chongzhou City. 

36 

Yao-Te
Wang has served as a director of our company since December 12, 2017. Mr. Wang has been the Chief Executive Officer of Ivy Service
Group (China), which is a transnational consultant company in China, since 2015. From January 2016 to June 2016, Mr. Wang participated
in the overall operation planning for Chongqing Cultural Assets and Equity Exchange. From June 2015 to January 2016, Mr. Wang helped
with the overall brand strategy development for Swire Group, who merged the biggest baking brand in Southwest China within more than
150 million RMB. From September 2014 to February 2015, Mr. Wang was the chairman special assistant for JECUI Health Science Company.
From July 2012 to August 2014, Mr. Wang was the Chief Executive Officer of Ivy Service Group (Taipei). From August 2007 to June 2012,
Mr. Wang was an instructor of National Defense University (Taipei), taught International Politics and Economic Analysis. 

Christopher
Lee was appointed as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company on February 5, 2021. Mr. Lee has served as Chief Financial
Officer of Semileds Corporation since September 2015. Mr. Lee joined Semileds Corporation in September 2014 and from November 2014 until
his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Lee was the interim Chief Financial Officer of Semileds Corporation. Semileds develops,
manufactures and sells high performance light emitting diodes and is currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. Mr. Lee has over 20
years of experience in accounting and finance, including US GAAP, PCAOB standards and SEC rules and regulations. Mr. Lee was a partner
of KEDP CPA Group from August 2009 to June 2011 and a self-employed accountant from July 2011 to August 2014. Mr. Lee holds a BS degree
in accounting from Ohio State University and a MS degree in business taxation from Golden Gate University and is licensed as a Certified
Public Accountant (CPA) in the United States. 

Huiliang
Jiao was elected to the Board of Directors of our company on December 1, 2022. Mr. Jiao received his degree from China Pharmaceutical
University in 1997 where he majored in Pharmacy. Mr. Jiao joined Yunnan Runcangsheng Technology Co., Ltd. in April 2020, most recently
serving as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jiao served as the general manager of Yunnan Shengshengyuan Technology Co., Ltd. from June 2016
until he joined Runcangsheng. From January 2007 until May 2016, Mr. Jiao was the general manager of Yunnan Shengcaofeng Biotechnology
Co., Ltd. Throughout his career Mr. Jiao has been involved in the research and development of new products intended to improve individuals 
health and well-being, with an emphasis on functional products comprised of natural plants, foods and supplements intended to address
obesity and other chronic conditions. He was named as an inventor on more than forty patents relating to the composition and manufacture
of health foods. In addition to the development of health foods, Mr. Jiao has participated in the design and maintenance of production
systems intended to meet the latest manufacturing standards. 

Tianfeng
Li , became our Chief Financial Officer on December 1, 2022. Ms. Li also serves as Chief Financial Officer of the Company s
subsidiaries. Ms. Li has held various positions, most recently, Finance Manager, within the Finance Department of our subsidiary, Chengdu
AiXin Pharmacy Co., Ltd., which she joined in May 2019. While serving at AiXin Pharmacy Ms. Li helped build the company s finance
team and established the development of its financial reporting and risk management systems. In addition, she presided over the preparation
of the company s financial statements, the completion of its annual audit, daily cash management, the preparation of the annual
budget and the integration of newly acquired pharmacies. From May 2013 until joining AiXin Pharmacy in May 2019, Ms. Li served as the
Finance Manager of Sichuan Jinxin Clean Energy Equipment Co., Ltd., where she was responsible for developing the company s financial
systems, preparing its budget and managing all aspects of cash management. At Sichuan Jinxin Clean Energy Equipment Co Ms. Li supervised
a staff of five assistants. Ms. Li received a bachelor s degree from The Open University of China in 2017, and has received a Certificate
of Honor as an Intermediate Accountant. 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers and directors. 

Directors
hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are
elected by the board of directors and hold office until the earliest of their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Board
Meetings; Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The
Board does not have a policy requiring separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. The Board has determined
that having Mr. Lin serve as Chairman is in the best interests of our stockholders at this time because of his in-depth knowledge of
our businesses and his familiarity with our customers and clients. 

37 

The
Board of Directors as a whole is responsible for consideration and oversight of the risks we face and is responsible for ensuring that
material risks are identified and managed appropriately. Certain risks are overseen by committees of the Board of Directors and these
committees make reports to the full Board of Directors, including reports on noteworthy risk-management issues. Members of the Company s
senior management team regularly report to the full Board about their areas of responsibility and a component of these reports is the
risks within their areas of responsibility and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures. Additional review
or reporting on risks is conducted as needed or as requested by the Board or one of its committees. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation paid to, earned by or accrued for, our directors during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid In
 Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Yao-Te
 Wang 
 16,000 

0 
 16,000 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 
 24,000 

0 
 24,000 
 
 Yuhua
 Zhu (1) 
 0 

0 
 0 
 
 Chang-Ping
 Lin (1) 
 0 

0 
 0 
 
 Christopher
 Lee 
 9,600 

9,600 
 
 Huiliang
 Jiao 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Zhu resigned from his position as a Director on February 5, 2021. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Lin resigned from his position as a Director on December 1, 2022. 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that Yao-Te Wang, Chang-Ping Lin, Christopher Lee and Huiliang Jiao are independent directors 
within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Board
Meetings; Committees and Membership 

Our
Board of Directors did not meet in formal session during 2022, though it regularly took action by written consent after the directors
consulted with each other as to the actions to be taken. 

We
maintain the following committees of the Board of Directors: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. Each committee is comprised entirely of directors who are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ
Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Each committee acts pursuant to a separate written charter, and each such charter has been adopted and approved
by the Board of Directors. Copies of the committee charters were filed as Exhibits to our Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020. 

Audit
Committee 

Our Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Lee, Jiao and Wang, each of whom is independent. The Audit Committee assists the
Board of Directors oversight of (i) the integrity of financial statements, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
(iii) the independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent
auditor and prepares the report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement. The audit committee operates under
a written charter. Mr. Lee is the Chairman of our audit committee. 

38 

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Lee possesses accounting or related financial management experience that qualifies him as financially
sophisticated within the meaning of Rule 4350(d)(2)(A) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and that he is an audit committee financial
expert as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in identifying qualified individuals
to become members of our Board of Directors, in determining the composition of the Board of Directors and in monitoring the process to
assess Board effectiveness. Each of Messrs. Lee, Jiao and Wang are members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr.
Wang serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates
under a written charter. 

Our
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has, among the others, the following authority and responsibilities: 

To
 determine and recommend to the Board, the criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for the director; 

To
 identify and screen candidate consistent with such criteria and consider any candidates recommended by our stockholders pursuant
 to the procedures described in our proxy statement or in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and provisions of
 our charter documents. 

To
 select and approve the nominees for director to be submitted to a stockholder vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing and, as appropriate, making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding
the annual salaries and other compensation of our executive officers and general employees and other policies, and for providing assistance
and recommendations with respect to our compensation policies and practices. Each of Messrs. Lee, Jiao and Wang are members of the Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Jiao is the Chairman of Compensation Committee. 

Our
Compensation Committee has, among the others, the following responsibilities and authority. 

The
 compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
 adviser. 

The
 compensation committee shall be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation
 consultant, legal counsel and other adviser retained by the compensation committee or said group. 

The
 Company must provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the compensation committee, for payment of reasonable compensation
 to a compensation consultant, legal counsel or any other adviser retained by the compensation committee or said group. 

The
 compensation committee select, or receive advice from, a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the compensation
 committee or said group, other than in-house legal counsel, only after conducting an independence assessment with respect to the
 adviser as provided for in the Exchange Act. 

39 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our Company s
officers including our Chief Executive Officer, employees, consultants and advisors. A copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
was filed as an Exhibit to our report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020, and is available on the SEC s website, www.sec.gov . 

Shareholders
Communications 

Shareholders
may communicate with the board of directors and individual directors by submitting their communications in writing to the Company s
Corporate Secretary at Hongxing International Business Building 2, 14 th FL, No. 69 Qingyun South Ave., Jinjiang District,
Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China. Any communications received that are directed to the board of directors will be processed by the
Corporate Secretary and distributed promptly to the board of directors or individual directors, as appropriate. If it is unclear from
the communication received whether it was intended or appropriate for the Board, the Corporate Secretary will (subject to any applicable
regulatory requirements) use his business judgment to determine whether such communications should be conveyed to the board of directors. 

Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation. 

The
following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officers for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022: 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Quanzhong
Lin, President (1) 
 2022 
 20,822 

2021 
 24,000 

Guolu
 Li, Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2022 
 17,352 

2021 
 18,750 

Tiangfeng
Li (2) 
 2022 
 20,533 

(1)
Amounts attributed to Mr. Lin represent amounts paid as President and CEO of AiXinZhonghong. 

 (2)
Mr. Li was dismissed from the
position of Chief Financial officer on December 1, 2022 at which time Ms. Li became our Chief Financial Officer. Amounts paid to Ms. Li include compensation for services
during 2022 prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer. 

Neither
Mr. Lin nor Ms. Li has an employment agreement with the Company. 

Stock
Option Plan; Pension, Profit-Sharing and Retirement Benefits 

In
2019 we adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which authorizes the issuance of shares of common stock
for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, bonus stock, dividend equivalents, other stock
related awards and performance awards that may be settled in cash, stock, or other property. The 2019 Plan authorizes the issuance of
up to 625,000 shares. 

None
of our executive officers or directors was granted any options or equity awards during 2022 or held any options or other equity awards
as of the date hereof. 

There
are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to our officers, directors or employees in the event of retirement
at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

In
October 2019, we issued an aggregate of 293,750 shares to employees and contractors under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

There
are no outstanding equity awards granted pursuant to the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. 

40 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of April 20, 2023, certain information concerning the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i)
each stockholder known by us to own beneficially five percent or more of our outstanding common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each
named executive officer; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and their percentage ownership and voting power.
There were 24,999,945 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 12, 2023. 

The
information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person
is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of
the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security which
such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within sixty (60) days through the conversion or exercise
of any convertible security, warrant, option, or other right. More than one (1) person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the
same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of
shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting
or investment power within sixty (60) days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date including the number of such
shares which such person has the right to acquire. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different
for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the beneficial
owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name
 of Shareholder (1) 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent
 of Common Stock 
 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers: 

Quanzhong
 Lin, Chairman and CEO 
 14,534,676 
 58.14 

Yao-Te
 Wang, Director 
 1,884,336 
 7.54 

Christopher
 Lee, Director 
 0 
 - 

Huiliang
 Jiao, Director 
 0 
 - 

Tianfeng
 Li, CFO 
 0 
 - 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (five persons) 
 16,419,012 
 65.68 

(1) 
 The
 address of each beneficial owner is c/o AiXin Life International, Inc., Hongxing International Business Building 2, 14 th FL,
 No. 69 Qingyun South Ave., Jinjiang District, Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China 

Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2022, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to
be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
(other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we
paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts
that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

41 

Advance
to/from related parties 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable in the
amount of 165,958 and 0, respectively, due to Luquan
Shengcaofeng Biotechnology Co., Ltd., an affiliate entity of Runcangsheng, a related party, for the purchase of raw materials. 

From time to
time we have advanced certain amounts to pharmacies owned by Quanzhong Lin. The amount due from each of such entities as of the end of
2022 and 2021 was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Chengdu WenJiang Aixin Nanjiang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 9,708 
 4,583 
 
 Sichuan Aixin Investment Co., Ltd. 
 145 
 4,237 
 
 Chengdu Fuxiang Tang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 26,125 
 - 
 
 Chengdu Wenjiang district Heneng hupu Pharmacy Co., Ltd 
 34,622 
 - 
 
 Chengdu Lisheng Huiren Tang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 12,502 
 10,235 
 
 Total 
 83,102 
 19,055 

From time to
time we have received advances from certain affiliates. The amounts due to such individuals and entities as of the end of 2022 and 2021
was as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Quanzhong Lin 
 140,644 
 1,822,705 
 
 Yirong Shen 
 89,892 
 97,292 
 
 Branch Manager 
 - 
 1,667 
 
 Chengdu Aixin E-Commerce Company Ltd. 
 - 
 15,378 
 
 Chengdu Aixin International travel service Co, Ltd 
 6,346 
 2,388 
 
 Aixin Life Beauty 
 - 
 7,724 
 
 Total 
 236,882 
 1,947,154 

All
the entities in the above list are controlled by Quanzhong Lin. These advances to and from related parties were for working capital purposes,
payable on demand, and bear no interest. Yirong Shen was a shareholder of Aixin Shangyan Hotel prior to the closing of Hotel Purchase
Agreement and serves as the supervisor of Aixin Shangyan Hotel. 

Acquisitions
from a Major Shareholder 

In
September 2021, we completed the acquisition of nine pharmacies located in Chengdu by acquiring the
entities which owned the pharmacies for an aggregate purchase price of RMB 34,635,845, or approximately US 5.31 million Transfer
Price ). Our Chairman, Quanzhong Lin, was the principal shareholder of the entity which owned the pharmacies we acquired. 

In
July we completed the acquisition of AiXin Shangyan Hotel. Shangyan
Hotel Company which owns and operates a hotel located in the Jinniu District, Chengdu City. The hotel covers more than 8,000 square meters
and has a large restaurant that can accommodate 600 people, 6 luxury dining rooms, a 200 square meter music tea house, 13 private tea
rooms, 108 guest rooms and other supporting facilities. We acquired the hotel through an acquisition
 of the outstanding equity of AiXin Shangyan Hotel of which Mr. Lin was the principal shareholder, for a purchase price of RMB
7,598,887, or approximately 1.16 million Transfer Price ). 

In
connection with the acquisitions of the pharmacies and hotel we made payments to Mr. Lin in the aggregate amount of 4.50 million. 

Forgiveness
of Loan; Contribution of Shares 

On
December 31, 2021, Mr. Lin forgave a loan previously made to the Company in the amount of 6,912,513. This was treated as a contribution
to capital. On March 1, 2023, for no consideration other than the expenses to be incurred by the Company in connection with this offering,
Mr. Lin agreed to contribute to the capital of the Company seven million shares of the common stock of the Company. 

In
May 2014, we entered a lease with Mr. Lin for use of an office. We renewed the lease until May 28, 2023, with monthly rent of RMB 5,000 766), payable quarterly. 

42 

Other
than the foregoing, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own
beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons
or companies, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that occurred since January 1, 2019, or in any proposed
transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. 

Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees And Services. 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accountants for
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 

Fiscal
 year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Audit
 Fees 
 310,000 
 220,000 
 
 Audit
 Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

310,000 
 220,000 

Audit
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim financial
statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements. 

Audit
Related Fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . 

Tax
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation
of federal and state income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees. Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. 

Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Policies 

Our
Board of Directors policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors.
These services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided
for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to
a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the board of directors regarding the
extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the services performed
to date. The board of directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

Our
Board of Directors reviewed our audited financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2021 fiscal year. The
board of directors also has been advised of the matters required to be discussed pursuant to PCAOB Rule 3526 (Communication with Audit
Committees Concerning Independence), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of our financial
statements. 

Our
Board of Directors considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence.
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the board of directors has determined that the audited financial statements be
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our 2021 fiscal year for filing with the SEC. 

43 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents have been filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included in the Financial
Statements or the Notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits.
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report: 

44 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2007). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2008). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2017 as filed with the SEC on January 16, 2018). 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Amendment to Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 2019 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on January 10, 2019). 

10.2 
 
 Equity Transfer Agreement with Respect to Shangyan Hotel Company (Incorporated by reference to Report on Form 8-K dated May 25, 2021). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 April 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Quanzhong Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Tianfeng Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
indicated on April 28, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Quanzhong Lin 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and a Director 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Tianfeng Li 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Tianfeng
 Li 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Yao-Te Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 Yao-Te
 Wang 

/s/
 Chang-Ping Lin 
 
 Director 
 
 Hui;iang
 Jiao 

Director 
 
 Christopher
 Lee 

46 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 AiXin
Life International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AiXin Life International, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity (deficit), and
cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As described
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company incurred recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit, which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are described
in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s products revenue is derived from the delivery of
its products. The sale of products by the Company is considered complete when the products are delivered at that time the ownership
and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer. 

The
Company considers the contracts with its customer contain one performance obligation, and the Company is entitled to the consideration
when performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined by the contracts between
the Company and its customer. The Company recognizes revenue when the product is delivered. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification
and evaluation of the timing and amount of revenue recognition, is a critical audit matter, involved judgment exercised by management
in identifying and evaluating the performance obligation. Auditor judgement is involved in performing our audit procedures to evaluate
whether the timing and amount of revenue recognition was appropriately stated. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Will Be Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures over determining the timing and amount of revenue recognition involved, among others, evaluation of management s
assessment in regard to the identification of performance obligation of revenue. We selected sales transactions and performed the following
procedures: 

-
Evaluated the terms and conditions of each selected transaction and the appropriateness of the accounting treatment within the context of
the five-step model prescribed by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and evaluated whether management s conclusions
were appropriate. 

-
Tested the accuracy of management s recognition of revenue for the performance obligation. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
27, 2023 

F- 2 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Restricted
 cash 

Accounts
 receivable, including related party, net 

Other
 receivables and prepaid expenses 

Advances
 to suppliers 

Inventory 

Advances
 to related parties 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Intangible
 asset, net 

Deferred
 tax asset 

Security
 deposit 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill,
 net 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and stockholders equity 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable-related party 
 
 - 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 

Taxes
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities and other payables 

Government
 grant 
 
 - 
 
 Loan
 from third parties 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Advance
 from related parties 

Total
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities - non-current 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

Undesignated
 preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022
 and 2021 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Statutory
 reserve 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Total
 stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales
 revenue: 

Products 

Advertising 
 - 

Room
 revenues 

Food
 and beverage revenues 

Others 

Total
 revenue, net 

Operating
 costs and expenses 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Hotel
 operating costs 

Selling 

General
 and administrative 

(Reversal
 of) provision for bad debts 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Total
 operating costs and expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Non-operating
 income (expenses) 

Interest
 income 

Impairment
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 income 

Other
 expenses 

Total
 non-operating income (expenses), net 

(Loss)
 income before income tax 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

Other
 comprehensive items 

Foreign
 currency translation (loss) gain 

Comprehensive
 loss 

Loss
 per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 paid
 in capital 
 Statutory
 reserves 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 comprehensive
 income 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

Accumulated
 other 

Shares 
 Amount 
 paid
 in capital 
 Statutory
 reserves 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 comprehensive
 income 
 Total 

Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt
 forgiven by major shareholder 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December
 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Provision
 for bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Provision
 for inventory reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease expense 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Deferred
 tax 

Impairment
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Accounts
 receivable - related parties 

Other
 receivables and prepaid expenses 

Advances
 to suppliers 

Inventory 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 

Taxes
 payable 

Payment
 of operating lease liabilities 

Accrued
 liabilities and other payables 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash
 acquired from acquisition of subsidiaries 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Payment
 for acquisition of subsidiaries 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Change
 in advance from related parties 

Repayment
 of loan from third parties 
 - 

Capital
 contribution 
 - 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

EFFECT
 OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

NET
 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR 

Supplemental
 Cash flow data: 

Income
 tax paid 

Interest
 paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities 

Capital
 contribution from forgiveness of related party loan 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s common stock, of its outstanding shares from
China Concentric Capital Group for , pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2016, which resulted in a change
in control of our company. 

On
December 12, 2017, the Company issued shares of common stock to Mr. Lin, the sole stockholder of AiXin (BVI) International
Group Co., Ltd. a British Virgin Islands corporation AiXin BVI ), for his shares of AiXin BVI, pursuant to a Share Exchange
Agreement. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, AiXin BVI became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, and the Company now owns all of the outstanding
shares of HK AiXin International Group Co., Limited, a Hong Kong limited company AiXin HK ), which in turn owns all of
the outstanding shares of Chengdu AiXinZhonghong Biological Technology Co., Ltd., a Chinese limited company AiXinZhonghong ),
which markets and sells premium-quality nutritional products in China. 

AiXin
BVI was incorporated on September 21, 2017 as a holding company and AiXin HK was established in Hong Kong on February 25, 2016 as an
intermediate holding company. AiXinZhonghong was established in the People s Republic of China PRC on March 4,
2013, and on May 27, 2017, the local government of the PRC issued a certificate of approval regarding the foreign ownership of AiXinZhonghong
by AiXin HK. Neither AiXin BVI nor AiXin HK had operations prior to December 12, 2017. 

For
accounting purposes, the acquisition of AiXin BVI was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and treated as a recapitalization of the
Company effected by a share exchange, with AiXin BVI as the accounting acquirer. Since neither AiXin BVI nor AiXin HK had operations
prior to December 12, 2017, the historical consolidated financial statements of AiXinZhonghong are now the historical consolidated financial
statements of the Company. The assets and liabilities of AiXinZhonghong were brought forward at their book value and no goodwill was
recognized. 

Effective
February 1, 2018, the Company changed its name to AiXin Life International, Inc. Aixin Life ). 

The
Company, through its indirectly owned AiXinZhonghong subsidiary, develops and distributes consumer products by offering a line of nutritional
products. The Company sells the products through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing. Beginning in 2019, the
Company began to provide advertising services to clients who engaged the Company to help distribute their products. The Company s
business mainly focuses on a proactive approach to its customers such as hosting events for clients, which it believes is ideally suited
to marketing its products because sales of nutrition products are strengthened by ongoing personal contact and support, coaching and
education of its clients, as to the benefits of a healthy and active lifestyle. 

On
May 25, 2021, AiXin HK entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the Hotel Purchase Agreement with Chengdu Aixin Shangyan
Hotel Management Co., Ltd Aixin Shangyan Hotel ), and its two shareholders Quanzhong Lin and Yirong Shen Transferor ).
Pursuant to the Hotel Purchase Agreement, Aixin Life purchased ownership of Aixin Shangyan Hotel from Transferor. Eighty percent
of the equity of Aixin Shangyan Hotel was owned by Mr. Lin, and the remaining balance was owned by Ms. Shen. Under the terms of the Hotel
Purchase Agreement, Aixin Life purchased all of the outstanding equity of Aixin Shangyan Hotel for a purchase price of RMB ,
or approximately million (the Transfer Price ). The Transfer Price will be reduced by an amount equal to any amounts
paid or distributed by Aixin Shangyan Hotel to the Transferor after December 31, 2020 and will be increased by an amount equal to any
amounts contributed to Aixin Shangyan Hotel by the Transferor after December 31, 2020. The acquisition was completed in July 2021. 

Pursuant to the Pharmacies
Purchase Agreement, AiXin HK purchased all of the outstanding equity of Aixintang Pharmacies for an aggregate purchase price of RMB ,
or approximately US million (the Transfer Price ). The Transfer Price will be reduced by an amount equal to any amounts
paid or distributed by any of the Aixintang Pharmacies to the Transferor after December 31, 2020 and increased by an amount contributed
to any of the Aixintang Pharmacies by the Transferor after such date. The acquisition was completed in September 2021. 

Pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, HK Aixin agreed to purchase all of the outstanding equity of Runcangsheng for an aggregate
purchase price of (RMB ), adjusted by the amount equal to the initial net worth minus the audited net worth.
In addition to transferring their respective equity interest in Runcangsheng by the Sellers, both Sellers agree to forgive any loans
Runcangsheng due to them. The acquisition was completed on September 30, 2022 (see Note 17). 

On
 February 17, 2023 ,
the Company effected a . As a result of the reverse split,
every two shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock will be automatically combined and converted into one issued
and outstanding share of common stock, par value 
 per share. The Company has approximately 
 shares of outstanding common stock after the
effect of reverse stock split. All share and earnings per share information has been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

, used net cash in operating activities of for the year ended December
31, 2022, and has accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022. These facts and conditions have raised substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s cash and
cash equivalents decreased from to mainly due to operating losses, and net cash used in investing and financing activities. 

Management
believes that it has developed a liquidity plan, as summarized below, that, if executed successfully, should provide sufficient liquidity
to meet the Company s obligations as they become due for a reasonable period of time, and allow the development of its core business.
The plan includes: 

Gaining
positive cash-inflow from operating activities through continuous cost reductions and the sales of higher margin
products. 

 Raising
additional cash through loans from related parties and potential equity offerings 

While
the Company s management believes that the measures described in the above liquidity plan will be adequate to satisfy its liquidity
requirements for the twelve months after the date that the financial statements are issued, there is no assurance that the liquidity
plan will be successfully implemented. Failure to successfully implement the liquidity plan may have a material adverse effect on its
business, results of operations and financial position, and may adversely affect its ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets or the amounts
and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Significant
estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, and the reserve
for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

and , respectively. 

Additions 

Additions 

Provisions
 for bad debt 
 
 - 
 
 Recoveries/Write
 offs 

Effect
 of translation 

Ending
 balance 

and , respectively. 

salvage value and estimated lives as follows: 

years 
 
 Electronic
 equipment 
 - 
 years 
 
 Machinery 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 
 years 

, in non-operating expenses in the statement of operation and comprehensive
income(loss). 

The
Company s revenue recognition policies for its various operating segments are as follows: 

Advertising
and Products 

Advertising
Revenue 

Commencing
in the third quarter of 2019, AiXin Zhonghong began to provide advertising services to its clients. Advertising contracts are signed
to establish the price and advertising services to be provided. Pursuant to the advertising contracts, the Company provides advertising
and marketing services to its clients through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing. The Company performs a
credit assessment of the customer to assess the collectability of the contract price prior to entering into contracts. 

Most
of the advertisement contracts designated that the Company perform such advertising services for its clients through exhibition events,
conferences, and person-to-person marketing during the contracted period, regardless of the number of such events. As such, the Company
determined that the performance obligation is satisfied over time during the contracted period and revenue is recognized accordingly.
Such advertising revenue amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All
of the advertising revenue is subject to the PRC VAT of . This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other
materials purchased in China. 

Product
Revenue 

The
Company s revenue from sale of products is recognized when goods are delivered to the customer and no other obligation exists.
The Company does not provide unconditional return or other concessions to the customer. The Company s sales policy allows for the
return of unopened products for cash after deducting certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to the product return option,
the customers have options of asking for an exchange for products with the same value. 

Sales
revenue of AiXin Zhonghong represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All of the Company s
products sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of since April 1, 2019. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw
materials and other materials purchased in China. The Company records VAT payable and VAT receivable net of payments in the financial
statements. The VAT tax return is filed offsetting the payables against the receivables. Sales and purchases are recorded net of VAT
collected and paid as the Company acts as an agent for the government. 

Hotel 

Hotel
revenues are primarily derived from the rental of rooms, food and beverage sales and other ancillary goods and services, including but
not limited to souvenir, parking and conference reservation. Each of these products and services represents a distinct performance obligation
and, in exchange for these services, the Company receives fixed amounts based on published rates or negotiated contracts. Payment is
due in full at the time when the services are rendered or the goods are provided. Room rental revenue is recognized on a daily basis
when rooms are occupied. Food and beverage revenue and other goods and services revenue are recognized when they have been delivered
or rendered to the guests as the respective performance obligations are satisfied. All of the hotel s goods sold in China are subject
to the PRC VAT of . This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other materials purchased in China. 

Pharmacies 

The
Company s retail drugstores (Aixintang Pharmacies) recognize revenue at the time the customer takes possession of the merchandise.
For pharmacy sales, each prescription claim is its own arrangement with the customer and is a performance obligation. Aixintang Pharmacies
generally receives payments from customers as it satisfies its performance obligation. The Company records a receivable when it has an
unconditional right to receive payment and only the passage of time is required before payment is due. Sales revenue represents the invoiced
value of goods, net of VAT. All of Aixintang Pharmacies products sold in China are eligible for the PRC VAT of as it qualifies
as a small business. 

Manufacture
and Sale 

The
Company s new subsidiary Runcangsheng recognizes revenue at the time products are shipped as this satisfies its performance obligation.
The Company records a receivable for the sales when it has an unconditional right to receive payment and only the passage of time is
required before payment is due. Sales revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All
of the Company s products sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of unless it is a qualified small subject to exemption. 

per bank. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
they are not exposed to any risks on its cash in these bank accounts. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had no customer that accounted for over 10 of its total revenue. 

B 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had three major suppliers that accounted for over 10 of its total purchases. 

Supplier 
 Net
 purchases for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 of total purchase 
 
 C 

D (2) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had one major supplier accounted for over 10 of its total purchase. 

Supplier 
 Net
 purchases for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 of total purchase 
 
 E 

(1) 

(2) 

Level
 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
 are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level
 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance
sheet at fair value. 

The
Company manages its business as four operating segments, advertising and products, pharmacies, hotels, and manufacture and sale, all
of which are located in the PRC. All of its revenues are derived in the PRC. All long-lived assets are located in PRC. 

Pharmacies 

Hotel 

Manufacture
 and sale 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 revenues, net 

Operating
 costs and expenses 

Advertising
 and products 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Operating
 expenses 

Pharmacies 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Operating
 expenses 

Hotel 

Hotel
 operating costs 

Operating
 expenses 

Manufacture
 and sale 

Cost
 of goods sold 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 expense 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating costs and expenses 

(Loss)
 income from operations 

Advertising
 and products 

Pharmacies 

Hotel 

Manufacture
 and Sale 
 
 - 
 
 (Loss)
 income from operations 

Segment
 assets 
 As
 of December 31, 2022 
 As
 of December 31, 2021 
 
 Advertising
 and products 

Pharmacies 

Hotel 

Manufacture
 and sale 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 assets 

As
the acquisition of Runcangsheng has been consummated as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 17), the revenues and operating results of the
manufacture and sale segment will be included in the financial statements of the Company beginning on October 1, 2022. 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Employees 
 social insurance 

Others 

Total 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Advances to suppliers primarily
include prepayments for products and equipment expected to be delivered subsequent to balance sheet dates. 

- 
 
 Work
 in process 
 
 - 
 
 Finished
 goods-health supplements 

Drugs,
 pharmaceutical and nutritional products 

Food
 and beverage, hotel supplies and consumables 

Total 

Less:
 reserve for inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 inventories, net 

Office
 furniture 

Electronic
 equipment 

Machinery 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Other 

Total 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Less:
 Accumulated amortization 

Intangible
 asset, net 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . 

Income 

City
 construction 

Education 

Other 

Taxes
 payable 

Accrued
 payroll and commission 

Accrued
 rent expense 

Construction
 payable 

Payable
 for equipment purchase 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 professional fees 

Deposit 

Other
 payables 

Total 

and , respectively. There was no written agreement, and these loans are payable on demand and bear no interest. 

years. The Company accounted for this lease as an operating
lease right-of-use asset and a corresponding operating lease liability in accordance with the Lease Standard. As a result, (RMB) was recorded as operating lease right-of-use asset and lease liability on March 31, 2019 when the lease commenced based on
a discount factor. The lease agreement expired on . Commencing in April, 2021, the Company continues to lease the
office on a monthly basis. 

The
Company also has operating leases for other sales locations under various operating lease arrangements. The leases have remaining lease
terms of approximately to years. 

Aixin
Shangyan Hotel leases its hotel premises under an operating lease arrangement. The lease has a remaining lease term of approximately
 year. 

Aixintang
Pharmacies lease retail pharmacy stores under operating lease arrangements, with remaining lease terms of to years. 

Operating
 lease liabilities current 

Operating
 lease liability non-current 

Total
 operating lease liabilities 

Weighted
 Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating
 leases 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Weighted
 Average Discount Rate: 

Operating
 leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total
 lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

Total
 lease liabilities 

Less:
 current portion 

Lease
 liabilities non-current portion 

and 0 , respectively, which
was for the purchase of raw materials from Luquan Shengcaofeng Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Shengcaofeng ), an affiliate entity
of Runcangsheng. 

Advance
to related parties 

Sichuan
 Aixin Investment Co., Ltd. 

Chengdu
 Fuxiang Tang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 
 - 
 
 Chengdu
 Wenjiang district Heneng hupu Pharmacy Co., Ltd 
 
 - 
 
 Chengdu
 Lisheng Huiren Tang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

Total 

Advance
from related parties 

Advance
from related parties consisted of the following as of the periods indicated: 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 

Yirong
 Shen 

Branch
 manager 
 - 

Chengdu
 Aixin E-Commerce Company Ltd. 
 - 

Chengdu
 Aixin International travel service Co, Ltd 

Aixin
 Life Beauty 
 - 

Total 

All
the related party entities are controlled by Mr. Quanzhong Lin (the Chairman, President and major shareholder of Aixin Life). These advances
to and from related parties were for working capital purpose, payable on demand, and bear no interest. Yirong Shen was a major shareholder
of Aixin Shangyan Hotel prior to the closing of Hotel Purchase Agreement, and she serves as the supervisor of Aixin Shangyan Hotel. 

Office
lease from a Major Shareholder 

In
May 2014, the Company entered a lease with its major shareholder for an office. The lease term was for three years expiring in May 2017
with an option to renew. The monthly rent was RMB ), the Company was required to prepay each year s annual rent at 15th
of May of each year. The Company renewed the lease until with monthly rent of RMB ), payable quarterly. The future
annual minimum lease payment at December 31, 2022 is for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

for all enterprises (including foreign-invested enterprises). 

Total
 current 

Deferred: 

China 

Total
 deferred 

Total
 income tax expense 

Foreign
 tax rate differential 

Change
 in valuation allowances 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Effective
 combined tax rate 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately net operating loss carry-forwards available to offset future taxable income
in China primarily from Aixin Shangyan Hotel and Aixintang Pharmacies. The Company s net operating loss carry-forwards begins to
expire in 2023. After consideration of all information available, management believes that uncertainty exists with respect to future
realization of its deferred tax assets resulted from net operating loss carry-forwards due to the Company s net loss, and established
a full valuation allowance of deferred tax assets resulted from net operating loss carry-forwards. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

Interest
associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax, and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits
and related interest and penalties expenses. Currently, the Company is not subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions. 

. The reverse stock split became effective on October 27, 2020. According to the Articles of Amendment, the Company is authorized
to issue shares of blank check preferred stock at par value and shares of common stock at par value
per share 

Pursuant
to resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors and the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of AiXin Life
International, Inc. on January 6, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with respect to a proposed 1
for 2 reverse split of our common stock (the Amendment ). Completion of the proposed reverse stock split was
to be effected on a date determined by our Board of Directors only upon receipt of notice from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA that it would process the proposed reverse stock split. The Company received notice from FINRA and its common stock
began trading on a post-split basis on February 17, 2023. 

As
a result of the reverse split, every two shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock will be automatically combined
and converted into one issued and outstanding share of common stock. The Company has approximately shares of outstanding common
stock after the effect of reverse stock split. 

All
share and earnings per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had common shares issued and outstanding. 

Stock
Awards Issued for Services 

On
October 22, 2019, the Company granted and issued shares to its employees and contractors under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan.
The stock awards were valued at based on the post-split closing price of on the grant date. 

On
October 24, 2019, the Company granted and issued shares to its employees and contractors under its 2019 Equity Incentive Plan.
The stock awards were valued at based on the post-split closing price of on the grant date. 

The
stock awards will vest over five years from the grant date, and the grantee will forfeit a portion of the shares granted Shares
Granted if the grantee is no longer employed by or contracted with the Company. Specifically, . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation expenses were each. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized
compensation expenses related to these stock awards are . These expenses are expected to be recognized over years. 

Forgiveness
of shareholder s loan 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company s major shareholder Mr. Lin forgave his loan to the Company for . The Company recorded
this forgiveness of shareholder loan as additional paid-in capital. 

Acquisition
of Subsidiaries 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company completed the acquisitions of Aixin Shangyan Hotel and Aixintang Pharmacies (see Note 1). The acquisitions
were accounted for as acquisitions of entities under common control. In connection with the acquisitions, the Company made payments to
Mr. Lin in the aggregate amount of million, or RMB million. The difference between the consideration given and the net assets
received was recognized in equity, resulting in a decrease of additional paid-in capital of . 

of its net income, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, to a statutory surplus
reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches of the Company s registered capital. During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company make and contribution to statutory reserve fund. 

The
surplus reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years losses, if any,
and may be utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing new shares to existing shareholders in proportion
to their shareholding or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by them, provided that the remaining reserve balance
after such issue is not less than of the registered capital. 

Common
welfare fund 

Common
welfare fund is a voluntary fund to which the Company can elect to transfer to of its net income, as determined under PRC accounting
rules and regulations. The Company did not make any contribution to this fund during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

This
fund can only be utilized on capital items for the collective benefit of the Company s employees, such as construction of dormitories,
cafeteria facilities, and other staff welfare facilities. This fund is non-distributable other than upon liquidation. 

(RMB from Aixintang Pharmacy for not fulfilling the contractual obligation of a purchase
agreement entered in March 2020 (the Purchase Agreement ). Aixintang Pharmacy claimed that the Purchase Agreement was falsely
entered by an employee through forged documents, and that Aixintang Pharmacy did not enter the Purchase Agreement. The Court determined
that Aixintang Pharmacy breached the Purchase Agreement by not delivering the products ordered and ordered Aixintang Pharmacy to pay
 (RMB to the Plaintiff. In December 2020, Aixintang Pharmacy filed a motion in the Jiangsu Suzhou Intermediate People s
Court against the determination reached from the first trial. 

In
February 2021, the judge in the Jiangsu Suzhou Intermediate People s Court denied the Defendant s motion and upheld the judgment
from the first trial. In March 2021, Aixintang Pharmacy filed another motion to the Jiangsu High People s Court on the basis that
the Purchase Agreement was forged. In February 2022, Aixintang Pharmacy filed an appeal in Jiangsu High People s Court against
the judgment reached by Jiangsu Suzhou Intermediate People s Court in February 2021. To date, this legal proceeding remains pending. 

In
November 2021, the Company and Mr. Quanzhong Lin agreed that Mr. Lin shall assume any losses arising from this legal proceeding. As such,
the Company did not accrue contingent losses from this legal proceeding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company believes that current pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Pursuant
to the Hotel Purchase Agreement, AiXin HK purchased all of the outstanding equity of Aixin Shangyan Hotel from Mr. Lin and the other
shareholder for a purchase price of RMB , or million. 

Pursuant
to the Pharmacies Purchase Agreement, AiXin HK purchased ownership of Aixintang Pharmacies from Mr. Lin and the other two shareholders
for a purchase price of RMB or million. 

The
acquisitions will be accounted for as acquisitions of entities under common control under ASC 805-50-15-6, and the assets and liabilities
acquired will be measured and recorded at the carrying amount under ASC 805-50-30-5. 

Runcangsheng 

On
July 19, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement with Yunnan Shengshengyuan Technology Co., Ltd Shengshengyuan and Yun Chen (collectively the Sellers ), who own and equity interest of Yunnan Runcangsheng Technology Co., Ltd Runcangsheng ), respectively. 

Under
the terms of the Transfer Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase all of the outstanding equity interest of Yunnan Runcangsheng for
an aggregate purchase price of RMB , or , adjusted by , the amount equal to the initial net worth estimate
minus the audited net worth of Runcangsheng as of December 31, 2021. In addition to transferring their respective equity interest in
Runcangsheng, both Sellers agree to forgive any loans due to them from Runcangsheng. The acquisition was completed on September 30, 2022.

Estimated
 fair value of assets acquired: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Accounts
 receivable-related party 

Advance
 to suppliers 

Other
 receivables and prepaid expense 

Inventory 

Property
 and equipment 

Intangible
 assets 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Total
 assets acquired 

Estimated
 fair value of liabilities assumed: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable-related party 

Advance
 from customers 

Government
 grant 

Taxes
 payable 

Operating
 lease liability 

Accrued
 liabilities and other payables 

Total
 liabilities assumed 

Total
 net assets acquired 

Goodwill
 as a result of the acquisition 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded goodwill impairment in full amount. 

The
following condensed unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the Company, Runcangsheng, Aixin Shangyan Hotel and Aixintang
Pharmacies for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 present the results of operations of the Company, Runcangsheng, Aixin Shangyan
Hotel, and Aixintang Pharmacies as if the acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the actual results that would have occurred had the acquisitions been completed as
of the beginning of the periods presented, nor are they necessarily indicative of future consolidated results. 

Operating
 costs and expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

For
 the Year
 Ended December
 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating
 costs and expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income 

Income
 tax expense 

Net
 loss 

F- 27 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction 
 Ownership 

AiXin
 (BVI) International Group Co., Ltd 
 British
 Virgin Islands 
 100 (1) 

HK
 AiXin International Group Co., Limited 
 Hong
 Kong 
 100 (2) 

Chengdu
 AiXin Zhonghong Biological Technology Co., Ltd., 
 China 
 100 (3) 

AiXin
 Life International Group, Inc. (4) 
 Nevada 
 100 

Aixin
 Shangyan Hotel Management Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Aixintang
 Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Jianyang Branch 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Mianyang Branch 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Liucheng Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Xinjin Branch 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Qionglai
 Weide Pharmacy 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Wenjiang Aixinhui Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Beibang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

Chengdu
 Xindu District Cundetang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 100 

(1)
Holding company which owns all of the outstanding shares of HK AiXin International Group Co., Limited. 

(2)
Intermediate holding company which owns all of the outstanding shares of Chengdu AiXin Zhonghong Biological Technology Co., Ltd., 

(3)
Operating company. 

(4)
Inactive. Has no assets and conducts no operations. 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Jianyang Branch 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Mianyang Branch 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Liucheng Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Xinjin Branch 

Chengdu
 Aixintang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

Qionglai
 Weide Pharmacy 

Chengdu
 Wenjiang Aixinhui Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

Chengdu
 Beibang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

Chengdu
 Xindu District Cundetang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated April 27, 2023 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of Aixin Life International, Inc. (the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which report was included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed April 28, 2023 in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-229182) 

KCCW
Accountancy Corp. Certified Public Accountants 

 Diamond
Bar, California 

 April
28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Quanzhong Lin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AiXin Life International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 April 28, 2023 

/s/Quanzhong
 Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Tianfeng Li, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AiXin Life International, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 April 28, 2023 

/s/
 Tianfeng Li 

Tianfeng
 Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AiXin Life International, Inc., Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report Quanzhong Lin, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350),
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Dated:
 April 28, 2023 

/s/
 Quanzhong Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AiXin Life International, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K)
for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Tianfeng Li, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350),
that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Dated:
 April 28, 2023 

/s/
 Tianfeng Li 

Tianfeng
 Li 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aixn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aixn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aixn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aixn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

