<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_1922331_0001193125-23-154178.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4742762</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252028</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>839574</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1251835</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1160082</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1126357</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-154178.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230525155528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-154178
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230525

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Star Acquisition Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001922331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				842508938
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41506
		FILM NUMBER:		23960302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INTERNATIONAL DRIVE UNIT 208
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703)790-0717

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INTERNATIONAL DRIVE UNIT 208
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22012

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-154178.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 d491656d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of

 Incorporation or Organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

, VA 

(Address of Principal Executive Office)

(Zip Code)

 ) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange

 on Which Registered

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of May 23
, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , based on a closing market price of 10. 68
 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.

As of May 23
, 2023, 

there were shares of the Company s redeemable Class A Common Stock and shares of the Company s non-redeemable
 Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Shares and shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share issued and outstanding (the Class B Shares ). 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

3 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

5 

Item 2. Properties 

5 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

5 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

6 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

7 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

7 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

9 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

10 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

10 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

10 

Item 9B. Other Information 

10 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

11 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

19 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

19 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

19 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

20 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

22 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

24 

Signatures 

24 

Table of Contents 

PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to Global Star Acquisition, Inc. Overview Formation. We are a blank check company incorporated on July 24, 2019, as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, (the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Initial Public Offering. On September 22, 2022, the Company consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 8,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share, and one Right, with each Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 80,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 456,225 units (the IPO Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,562,250 (the IPO Private Placement ). At the time of the IPO, the underwriters were granted a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional Units to cover overallotments, if any (the Over-Allotment Units ). Subsequently, on September 30, 2022, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option to purchase 1,200,000 Over-Allotment Units. On October 4, 2022 the Company closed on the Over-Allotment Units through the sale of 1,200,000 Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million. Simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 42,000 units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units and together with the IPO Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00 per Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, generating total gross proceeds of 420,000 A total of 94,300,000 comprising proceeds from the IPO and proceeds of the Private Placement, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and IPO expenses, was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. Our Management Team Lead. Our management team is led by Anthony Ang, our Chief Executive Officer CEO who is a global executive with over 40 years of senior management experience. His broad expertise covers international marketing, investment promotion, manufacturing, and fund management. Mr. Ang currently holds various senior positions including independent director on boards of public companies, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Singapore to the Republic of Tunisia, and the Chairman and director for a crowd funded real estate investment platform, and a digital asset exchange. The details of each position held with specific companies can be found below in Item 10. below. Our Business Strategy While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search on industries that complement our management team s background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire an emerging growth business operating with a total enterprise value from 120 million to 2 billion. We believe that acquiring a leading high growth business will provide a platform to fund consolidation and fuel growth for our company. We intend to initially prioritize the Nordic region and Asia Pacific, especially Southeast Asia as our geographical focus. We shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations or that is in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We believe that there is a large pool of quality initial business combination targets looking for exit opportunities with an increasing number of private equity or PE, and venture capital, or VC, activities in the certain regions, which provides opportunities given what we believe are the limited exit options for mid-market companies in the regions of focus. Also, we believe that the technology and tech enabled industries represent a particularly attractive deal sourcing environment that will allow us to leverage our team s skill sets and experience to identify an initial business combination which can potentially serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions. Our investment thesis is supported by what we believe are trends in our target sectors including Strong Core Industry Fundamentals, Strong Growth in Private Equity, Targeting of Fastest Growing Industries, and Operator-Led SPACs Outperform Their Sectors. These trends, as they relate to our targets, are discussed in detail in our IPO Registration Statement on Form S-1. We believe that there are a significant number of target companies that could become successful public companies in our areas of focus, and we will seek to take advantage of the extensive operational and investment experience of our sponsor and management team to identify companies that we believe have significant growth prospects with the potential to generate value for our stockholders. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Our Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities and possible enter into our initial business combination with a target business that has meets the following criteria: 

Target Size: Consistent with our investment thesis as described above, we plan to target businesses with total enterprise values ranging from 120 million to 2 billion; 

Businesses with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage; 

Businesses with Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable, and increasing free cash flow. We intend to focus on one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance stockholder value; 

Strong Management. We will seek companies with strong management teams already in place. We will spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and human fabric and maximizing its efficiency over time; 

Benefit from Being a Public Company. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company; and 

Appropriate Valuations and Upside Potential. We intend to apply rigorous, criteria-based, disciplined, and valuation-centric metrics. We intend to acquire a target on terms that we believe provide significant upside potential while seeking to limit risk to our investors. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers, or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target. We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations and shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations or that is located in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it likely that our board of directors will be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be considered for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. Corporate Information Our executive offices are located at: 1641 International Drive Unit 208 McLean, VA 22102 Telephone: (703) 790-0717 Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Annual Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, except as follows, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus dated September 19, 2022 filed with the SEC. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules, may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

We have failed to maintain adequate disclosure controls and procedures which may result in material errors in our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our period reporting obligations. As discussed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures , under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. We concluded that the Company is experiencing some difficulty in the accounting and reporting related to the existence of assets and corresponding income, as well as the accounting and reporting for the completeness and accuracy of our liabilities and the corresponding income and expenses which it experienced and reported as a material weakness in their last report of September 30, 2022. This material weakness in the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 has not been remediated and are not effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal disclosure controls and procedures, such that there is a reasonable possibility that the failure to maintain, collect, process, accumulate and communicate information to management could cause untimely or inadequate disclosures in our reporting under the Exchange Act. We cannot assure you that we will be able to remediate our existing material weakness in a timely manner, if at all, or that in the future additional material weaknesses will not exist, reoccur or otherwise be discovered, a risk that will increase as our business becomes more complex. If our efforts to remediate these material weaknesses, as described in Item 9A Controls and Procedures , are not successful or if other deficiencies occur, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or key operating metrics could be impaired, which could result in late filings of our annual and quarterly reports under the Exchange Act, restatements of our consolidated financial statements or other corrective disclosures. Additional impacts could include a decline in our stock price, suspension of trading or delisting of our common stock by the Nasdaq Capital Market, or other material adverse effects on our business, reputation, and results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Furthermore, if we continue to have this existing material weakness, other material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future, could create a perception that our financial results do not fairly state our financial condition or results of operations. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value of our stock. Major bank failure or sustained financial market illiquidity, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face certain risks in the event of a sustained deterioration of domestic or international financial market liquidity. In particular: 

We may be unable to access funds in our deposit accounts on a timely basis. Any resulting need to access other sources of liquidity or short-term borrowing would increase our costs. 

In the event of a major bank failure, we could face major risks to the recovery of our bank deposits. A substantial portion of our cash and cash equivalents are either held at banks that are not subject to insurance protection against loss or exceed the deposit insurance limit. While we are not currently aware of any liquidity issues directly impacting the financial institutions where we hold cash deposits or securities, if financial liquidity deteriorates, there can be no assurance we will not experience an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unstable market and economic conditions and adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. The global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, inflationary pressure and interest rate changes, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank and their placement into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly confirmed that depositors at SVB and Signature Bank would continue to have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs, and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon our business plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current clients, financial institutions or other third parties with whom we do business may be adversely affected by the foregoing risks, which may have an adverse effect on our business. We have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and a subsequent dissolution requirement if we do not complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). As such, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if we do not consummate an initial business combination by the applicable deadline. If we are unable to effect an initial business combination by the deadline, we will be forced to liquidate. We are a blank check company, and as we have no operating history and are subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). There can be no assurance that we will complete a business combination by this time. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), (i) ease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties Our executive offices are located at 1641 International Drive, Unit 208, McLean, VA 22102, and our telephone number is (703) 790-0717. We have agreed to pay Global Star Acquisition 1 LLC, our sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 21 months, for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support. For the period ending December 31, 2022, 32,000 has been paid. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending, or contemplated by governmental authorities, against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information Our units, public shares, public warrants, and public rights are each traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbols GLSTU, GLST , GLSTW, and GLSTR respectively. Our units commenced public trading on September 22, 2022, and our public shares, public warrants and public rights commenced separate public trading on November 10, 2022. Our Class B common stock is not listed on any exchange. 

(b) 
 Holders As of March 10, 2023, there were 13 holders of record of shares of our common stock, 22 holders of record of our public warrants and unknown holders of record of our public rights. A substantially greater number of holders of common stock are street name or beneficial holders whose shares of record are held by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. As a result, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by the record holders of our common stock public warrants or public rights. 

(c) 
 Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. 

(f) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. 

(g) 
 Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering On September 22, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 8,000,000 units, including 1,200,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A Common Stock, one Warrant, with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share, and one Right, with each Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of Class A Common Stock. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 80,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 456,225 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating the Private Placement gross proceeds of 4,562,250. At the time of the IPO, the underwriters were granted a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional Units to cover overallotments, if any (the Over-Allotment Units ). Subsequently, on September 30, 2022, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option to purchase 1,200,000 Over-Allotment Units. On October 4, 2022 the Company closed on the Over-Allotment Units through the sale of 1,200,000 Units at a purchase price of 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million. Simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 42,000 units (the Over-Allotment Private Placement Units and together with the IPO Private Placement Units, the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of 10.00 per Over-Allotment Private Placement Units, generating total gross proceeds of 420,000. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

A total of 94,300,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. The remainder of the proceeds were used to pay offering expenses incurred in connection with our initial public offering and for working capital. Item 6. Selected Financial Data [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References to the Company, us, our or we refer to Global Star Acquisition Inc. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related notes included herein. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the State of Delaware on July 24, 2019, whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to the initial public offering and the completion of an initial Business Combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 24, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to organizational activities and identifying a target company for a business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s sponsor is Global Star Acquisition 1 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 19, 2022. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering IPO and identifying a target company for a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting, and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 168,814 which consisted of realized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 844,178 partially offset by formation and operational costs of 547,868 and income tax of 135,321. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern. On September 22, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 8,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 80,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 456,225 Private Placement Units to our Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,562,250. On October 4, 2022, we closed on the over-allotment through the sale of 1,200,000 Units at a purchase of 10.00 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 12.0 million, and simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, we consummated the Private Placement of an additional 42,000 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 420,000. A total of 96,982,250 was generated from our Initial Public Offering. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 461,825. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 95,134,678 held in the Trust Accounts. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Accounts. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Accounts will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 877,560 outside of the Trust Accounts. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Accounts primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Accounts to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Accounts would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company has and will continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. In addition, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company has until September 22, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination (or May 22, 2024 if extended). It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after September 22, 2023 (or May 22, 2024). Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets, or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee up to 10,000 for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative support services. We began incurring these fees on September 22, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3,220,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Equity Warrants The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The Company will account for the warrants to be issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that the warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. Net Income per Common Share Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants and rights issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The Company is experiencing difficulty in the accounting and reporting related to the existence of assets and corresponding income, as well as the accounting and reporting for the completeness and accuracy of our liabilities and the corresponding income and expenses, which it experienced and reported as a material weakness in their last report of September 30, 2022. This material weakness in the disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 has not been remediated and are not effective. In light of the material weakness, we have made control improvements, including enhancing the efficacy of our review processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the accounting standards that apply to the treatment and reporting of related party transactions. in our financial statements. Our plans at this time also include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our management and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding related party accounting applications. Furthermore, in light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the identified material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Except as noted above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal period that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Anthony Ang 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Nicholas Khoo 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Shan Cui 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Stephen Drew 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Lam Chun Wing 
 
 44 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Yang Kan Chong 
 
 67 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Hai Chwee Chew 
 
 67 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Jukka Rannila 
 
 44 
 
 Independent Director 
 The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Anthony Ang, our Chairman and CEO is a global executive with over 40 years of senior management experience. His broad expertise covers international marketing, investment promotion, manufacturing, and fund management. Mr. Ang started his career at the Singapore Economic Development Board in 1980, and his last position was Regional Director for North America (based in the United States for six years) responsible for the promotion of investments from North America. He went on to become Group General Manager of Armstrong Industrial Corporation, a Singapore precision engineering company that he helped list on the Singapore Exchange in 1995. Mr. Ang then joined Vertex Management as Senior Vice President (Investment) in 1999, a leading venture Capital firm with its headquarters in Singapore and subsequently GIC Real Estate Pte. Ltd. (a unit of the Sovereign wealth fund of the Singapore Government) as Executive Vice President for Admin and Corporate Affairs in 2001. Mr. Ang went on to serve as founding Executive Director of Majulah Connection, a consulting and networking organization sponsored by the Government of Singapore. In 2006, Mr. Ang joined the ARA Group, a leading real estate fund management house with its headquarters in Singapore and asset under management AUM of 140 billion. From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Ang served as the CEO of ARA Asia Dragon Limited ADF ), the flagship private equity real estate fund of the ARA Group. ADF had a committed capital of 1.13 billion and was focused on investments across Asia. Mr. Ang was responsible for raising the fund with global investors and overseeing its investments of over fourteen assets. From February 2010 to December 2016, Mr. Ang served as the CEO and Executive Director of ARA Asset Management (Fortune) Pte. Ltd. (a subsidiary of the ARA Group), as the manager of Fortune Real Estate Investment Trust Fortune REIT with HK 36 billion of retail assets in Hong Kong. During his tenure at Fortune REIT, Mr. Ang was recognized as Best CEO (Third) and Best CEO (First) for Hong Kong in 2013 and 2014 respectively for successfully expanding Fortune REIT, by the Annual Best Managed Companies Poll by FinanceAsia. From March 2017 to July 2021, Mr. Ang served as CEO of Sasseur Asset Management Pte Ltd (SGX: CRPU), where he led the listing process for the initial public offering of Sasseur Real Estate Investment Trust Sasseur REIT (AUM US 1.2 billion) in March 2018. In 2019, under Mr. Ang s leadership, Sasseur REIT was recognized as the REIT of the Year and Best Retail REIT (platinum) in Singapore. Mr. Ang was awarded Best CEO (platinum) in Singapore in 2019 and 2020 by The Fortune Times Award. Mr. Ang currently holds various senior positions. Since January 2016, Mr. Ang has served as an independent director of Yong Tai Bhd, a property development company listed on Bursa Malaysia, the Malaysian stock exchange. Since April 2017, Mr. Ang has served as an independent director with Heatec Jietong Holding Ltd., a marine industry manufacturing and service company that is listed on the Singapore Exchange. From October 2022, Mr. Ang has also served as an independent director with EuroSport Global Limited, a distributor of ultra-luxury automobiles that is listed on the Singapore Exchange. Mr. Ang has represented his country as the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Singapore to the Republic of Tunisia since September 2017. In that role he represents the interests of Singapore and helps to maintain the relations of amity and concord between the two countries. In December 2020, Mr. Ang began his position as a director at Truufin Pte. Ltd., where he provides guidance for the company in the Fintech industry. Mr. Ang has served as a director of Sinospring Venture Ltd. (Singapore) since May 2021 and as a director of GCIC Ltd since June 2021, both of which are consultancy services companies. In the education consultancy services industry, Mr. Ang has served as a director of ITE Education Services Pte. Ltd. since July 2021. Finally, Mr. Ang currently serves as the Chairman and director for RV SG Pte Ltd, a crowd funded real estate investment platform since November 2021, and as Chairman and director of Singapore Digital Exchange Pte. Ltd., a digital exchange of cryptocurrency and digital assets in Singapore since December 2021 and an Executive director of SquareDog Robotics Pte Ltd since December 2022. Mr. Ang holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering degree with First Class Honors from the Imperial College of Science and Technology at the University of London. He also obtained an MBA degree and an International Directorship Certificate from INSEAD, France in and completed a Marketing Management Program at the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University. Nicholas Khoo, our Chief Operating Officer s diversified career spans over 20 years within the technology, gaming, fintech, real estate, and consulting industries. Since February 2017, Mr. Khoo has served as a director of AB MEG Pte. Ltd., an accounting solutions company. In the financial services and consulting industry, Mr. Khoo has led Asia Pacific and Japan for Visa Inc s Cybersource Managed Services from 2012 to 2017. In the real estate industry, Mr. Khoo has served as an independent director of Hatten Land Ltd. since January 2022. Mr. Khoo is a known 
 11 

Table of Contents 

figure in the esports and video games industry, serving as an advisor to the board of the Global Esports Federation. Mr. Khoo also serves as an investment committee member of the Tribeca Global SPAC Fund since September 2021. Since October 2021, he has also served as an Investment Committee Member of Global Fund, a sponsor affiliate. He is also an investment partner in the venture capital firm Cake Defi Ventures since February 2022. Mr. Khoo has experience in the public sector as he has served on various official boards and committees in Singapore including the Casino Regulatory Authority, National Crime Prevention Council, and the Internet and Media Advisory Committee. Mr. Khoo was the valedictorian when he graduated with a Master of Business Administration from Arcadia University. Shan Cui, our Chief Financial Officer, has more than 20 years of financial management, consulting, and audit experience. Ms. Cui served as a director and audit committee chair of Venus Acquisition Corporation (NASDAQ: VENA), a special purpose acquisition company that closed its initial public offering in February 2021 and completed its acquisition of MicroAlgo Inc. in December 2022. From June 2020 to May 2021, Ms. Cui served as a director and audit committee chair of WiMi Hologram Cloud Inc. (NASDAQ: WIMI), a holographic cloud comprehensive technical solution provider. She also served as a director and audit chair for Addentax Group Corp. (OTCQB: ATGX), a garment manufacturer and logistics service provider based in China, from April 2020 to April 2021. From April 2019 to October 2019, Ms. Cui served as a director and audit committee chair for Greenland Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company that closed its business combination with Zhongchai Holding (Hong Kong) Limited in October 2019, forming Greenland Technologies Holding Corporation (NASDAQ: GTEC). Since 2010, Ms. Cui has served as a Managing Director of Capital First International, which provides consulting services to SPAC, private equity, venture capital and growth companies. From February 2011 to February 2013, she served as chief financial officer at Lizhan Environmental Corporation, a then Nasdaq-listed company engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of green leather materials. From 2009 to 2010, she was the manager of planning and analysis for Greene, Tweed Company, a manufacturer of high-performance engineering parts and products for the aerospace, oilfield, and semi-conductor industries. Prior to Greene, Tweed Company, Ms. Cui served as a senior finance manager at Ikon Office Solutions from 2005 to 2008, group CFO of Invista from 2003 to 2004, manager of strategic planning and analysis for General Time Corporation from 1998 to 2001, and senior vice president for Seaboard Corporation from 1996 to 1998. Ms. Cui holds an MBA degree from Georgia State University in the United States and completed her undergraduate studies in English at Ocean University of China. Stephen Drew serves as a non-independent member of our board of directors. Mr. Drew has 25 years of experience in private equity, investment banking, real estate, and Fintech-related businesses. Mr. Drew began his career at Wall Street firms Citigroup and Gruntal Co. In the real estate financing and investing arena, Mr. Drew acted as the principal of Pinnacle Funding for over ten years, where he managed over 50 professional investors. Mr. Drew was also a member of Greenwich Realty Capital LLC from 2017 to 2019, where he managed commercial real estate development. From 2019 to 2020, Mr. Drew served as a Managing Member of Tribeca Realty Capital LLC, the US-based partner of a 27.5 billion asset manager based in Asia for equity investments and is responsible for successfully closing hundreds of millions in transactions. Since 2018, Mr. Drew has served as a Managing Partner of Global Fund LLC, a sponsor affiliate. Since 2021, Mr. Drew has also served as a Managing Partner of Tribeca Global SPAC Fund LLC where he is responsible for evaluating SPAC investment opportunities and raising capital from institutional and high net worth investors for the firm. Mr. Drew studied Finance at Central Connecticut State University. Argon Lam Chun Win our independent director, currently serves as a Vice President of a leading fund management company granted the Type 4 and Type 9 license by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission for holding customer assets and providing investment consultancy services. Mr. Lam brings a deep understanding of investment performance and has served as a Vice President of two additional leading fund management companies from 2016 to the present. He brings vast experience and a developed insight to serving the needs of customers seeking excellent investment performance. His expertise continues to serve the Company and its shareholders well. Yang Kan Chong , our independent director, serves as a member of our board of directors and as Chairman of our compensation committee. Mr. Chong brings thirty years of expertise in the areas of energy, oil, gas, power, and infrastructure in the international arena. He is experienced in senior management positions in multi- and crossed- cultural environments. Mr. Chong holds a strong network of key contacts in the financial industry, and has accumulated extensive experience in treasury, financial management, and capital operation. Mr. Chong has previously served as Managing Director of Asia Petroleum Technology Pte Ltd, President and CEO of the U.S.-listed China New Energy Group Company, Group Deputy CEO of the Singapore-listed China EnerSave Limited, and several U.S. energy giants and Singapore Government-linked companies. From 2018 to 2019, Mr. Chong served as a director of China Star Food Group Ltd. Since 2016, Mr. Chong has acted as a Director of Sport Lifestyle Initiative Pte Ltd., a Singapore sport education company. Finally, since 2020, Mr. Chong works as an Investment Committee Member and Equity Partner of Global Fund LLC, a sponsor affiliate. He holds a Master of Science Degree (Mechanical Engineering) accredited by the National University of Singapore and a Bachelor of Engineering degree (Mechanical Production) accredited by the University of Singapore. Hai Chwee Chew, our independent director, serves as a member of our board of directors and as Chairman of our audit committee. Mr. Chew is an entrepreneur who has served in the positions of Independent Director, Executive Director, CFO, COO, and CEO in Asian and U.S. multi-national and local organizations. Mr. Chew s career includes having held positions as Executive Director of United Fibre Systems Ltd listed in SGX (Singapore Exchange), Executive Director and CEO of NASDAQ listed Pacific Internet Ltd, and CEO of Bright Vision Community Hospital. He was also an Independent Director and Audit Chairman of The Stratech Group Ltd, a SGX listed company. Mr. Chew has also served as the CFO and Finance Director of KFC/Pizza Hut/Taco Bell Singapore, Delifrance Asia, Black and Decker Asia and Vickers Systems Ltd Asia Pacific. Mr. Chew s entrepreneurial skills were highlighted in his successful founding of Silveray Pte Ltd in 2008, a wheelchair transportation company. Mr. Chew grew Silveray Pte Ltd from scratch to a current fleet size of 71 minibuses specializing in transporting people on wheelchairs, which he sold in November 2021. Mr. Chew is a member of Singapore Institute of Directors and Singapore Red Cross Fund-Raising Committee. He also serves as a District Councilor as well as Vice Chairman of Finance Committee of South West Central Development Committee (CDC), which serves the people in the Southwest Region of Singapore under the Mayor of SW CDC. He has previously served on the Council of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Singapore Red Cross and was the Chairman for Singapore s Red Cross Committee for Humanitarian Assistance and International Relief (CHAIR), during which he was honored with the Singapore Red Cross Outstanding Service Award in Sept 2019 by the President of Singapore. He has also served on the Board of Ang Mo Kio AMK )-Thye Hua Kwan THK Hospital, was a member of AMK-THK Medi-fund Committee, and a member of THK Moral Society audit committee. Since 2010, Mr. Chew has served as an independent director to Pacific Andes Resources Development Ltd. Since 2012, Mr. Chew has acted as an independent director and audit chair of the University of Las Vegas for their Singapore campus. Mr. Chew holds an MBA degree and a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting, summa cum laude, from the University of South Alabama. He has completed an Executive Program at INSEAD, France for Global CFOs. Jukka Rannila , our independent director serves as a member of our board of directors and audit committee. Mr. Rannila is a seasoned professional with vast experience in investment management and real estate. From 2013 to 2020 Mr. Rannila served as the Chairman of the board of directors of Berlin Invest 3 Oy, from 2012-2020 with Berlin Invest 2 Oy, and from 2011 to 2022 with Berlin Invest Oy, where he oversaw residential real estate portfolios. Mr. Rannila currently serves as a board member of the investment management company for the Berlin Invest Oy groups, Confido Kiinteist hallinta Oy, where he oversees a residential real estate portfolio in Berlin, Germany. Similarly, since 2018, Mr. Rannila has acted as a member of the board of Assai Commercial Oy, where he oversees a commercial real estate portfolio in the greater Helsinki area. Since 2004, Mr. Rannila has acted as a board member and investment manager of Assai Oy, where he is responsible for the operations and investment portfolio of listed and non-listed companies in the family office. Since 2009, Mr. Rannila has acted as chairman of the board of Nosh Company Oy, where he co-directs a high growth fashion and design group of companies. Currently, Mr. Rannila also co-directs a high growth robotics company with international expansion, Trussmatic Oy. Similarly, since 2018, Mr. Rannila co-directs a high growth manufacturing group of companies through his director position with Tikli Group Oy. More recently, in 2021, Mr. Rannila manages all operations of Warp Bridge Oy, a SPV investing in a venture capital fund, as a Managing Director. Mr., Rannila studied at the University of Manchester in the Department of Accounting and Finance. Number and Terms of Officers and Directors We have six directors since the completion of our IPO. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Hai Chwee Chew and Jukka Rannila will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Stephen Drew, Lam Chun Wing, and Yang Kan Chong will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class director, consisting of Anthony Ang, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries, and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. On October 24, 2022, Benny Kan resigned from the Board for personal reasons. Mr. Kan was an independent director and served on the Audit Committee of the Board. His resignation was effective on November 15, 2022. The Board named Argon Lam to serve as Director in the place of Mr. Kan. On January 12, 2023, our board of directors appointed Argon Lam, to serve as a member of both the Compensation Committee of the Board and the Audit Committee of the Board, effective immediately. On the same day, the Board also appointed Jukka Rannila to serve as a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board, effective immediately. On January 12, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointments of Argon Lam and Jukka Rannila to serve as members of the Compensation Committee, and the appointment of Argon Lam to serve as a member of the Audit Committee. A copy of the press release is attached to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2023 available at www.sec.gov. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Lam Chun Wing, Yang Kan Chong, Hai Chwee Chew, and Jukka Rannila are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Our audit and compensation committees are staffed with the following independent directors. 

Standing Committees 
 
 Audit 
 
 Compensation 

Argon Lam Chun Win 
 
 Argon Lam Chun Win 
 
 Hai Chwee Chew 
 
 Yang Kang Chong 
 
 Jukka Rannila 
 
 Jukka Rannila 
 Each of Messrs. Lam, Chew, Chong, and Rannila meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that each of Messer Lam, Chew and Rannila, qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

appointing, compensating, and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; 

reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the company; 

overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

discussing the annual audited financial statements and unaudited quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints (including anonymous complaints) we receive concerning accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters or potential violations of law; 

monitoring our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

approving audit and non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing earnings press releases and financial information provided to analysts and rating agencies; 

discussing with management our policies and practices with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing any material transaction between our Chief Financial Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our officers, and providing prior written approval of any material transaction between us and our President; and 

producing an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. The audit committee is a separately designated standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors as delineated above with independent directors. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President s compensation, evaluating our President s performance in light of those goals and objectives, and setting our President s compensation level based on this evaluation; 

setting salaries and approving incentive compensation and equity awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership, of the company s common stock under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the Section 16 Officers ), as designated by our board of directors; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to incentive compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval; 

approving any employment or severance agreements with our Section 16 Officers; 

granting any awards under equity compensation plans and annual bonus plans to our President and the Section 16 Officers; 

approving the compensation of our directors; and 

producing an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee We do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. The primary function of the corporate governance and nominating committee include: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election; 

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually; 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect to the membership of the audit, compensation, and corporate governance and nominating committees; 

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance and nominating committee; 

considering the adequacy of our governance structures and policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices; 

considering director nominees recommended by stockholders; and 

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which is specified in the charter adopted by us, generally provides that person to be nominated: 

should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments, and reputation in the business community; 

should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities in which we do business and, in our industry, or other industries relevant to our business; 

should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate time to the board of directors and committee matters; 

should possess the fit of the individual s skills and personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial, and responsive to our needs; and 

should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience, and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board of directors to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively, including candidates with a diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Each year in connection with the nomination of candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating committee will evaluate the background of each candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers, and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.SEC.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. Conflicts of Interest Subject to pre-existing fiduciary or contractual duties as described below, our officers and directors have agreed to present any business opportunities presented to them in their capacity as a director or officer of our company to us. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers and directors may become officers or directors of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Exchange Act, even prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the placement securities will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier to occur of: (A) twelve months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least six months after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the placement units, placement shares and placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual(1) 
 
 Entity(2) 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Anthony Ang 
 
 Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Government of Singapore 
 
 Representations of the Interests of the Republic of Singapore 
 
 Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary 

Yong Tai Bhd. 
 
 Property Development 
 
 Director 

Heatec Jietong Holding Ltd. 
 
 Manufacturing and Services, Marine Industry 
 
 Director 

Better World Asset Management Ltd. 
 
 Management Consultancy Services 
 
 Director 

Sinospring Venture Ltd. 
 
 Management Consultancy Services 
 
 Director 

GCIC Ltd. 
 
 Management Consultancy Services 
 
 Director 

Seascape Investments Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Management Consultancy Services 
 
 Director 

ITE Education Services Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Education Consultancy Services 
 
 Director 

Truufin Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Fintech 
 
 Director 

RV SG Pte Ltd. 
 
 Real Estate Fund Management 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Singapore Digital Exchange Pte Ltd. 
 
 Digital Exchange 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Imperiale Investment Holdings Ltd. 
 
 Investment Holdings 
 
 Director 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Nicholas Khoo 
 
 AB MEG PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Accounting 
 
 Director 

BIGMIND PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Director 

COMEBACK PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Counseling Services 
 
 Director 

KHOO CAP ONE PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Director 

KHOO CAP TWO PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Investment 
 
 Director 

KHOO CAP THREE PTE. Ltd. 
 
 Investment 
 
 Director 

Casino Regulatory Authority 

Statutory Board 
 
 Board Member 

Cake Defi Ventures 

Venture Capital 
 
 Partner 

Amdon Consulting Pte Ltd. 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Director 

Electronic Sports Pte Ltd. 
 
 Video Games 
 
 Director 

Khoo Tech 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Sole Proprietor 

Hatten Land Ltd. 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Independent Director 

Stephen Drew 
 
 Tribeca Global SPAC Fund LLC 
 
 Finance 
 
 Managing Partner 

Global Fund LLC 
 
 Finance 
 
 Managing Partner 

Kan Mun Wai Benny 
 
 A.D. VENTURE 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Director 

Tribeca Global SPAC Fund IV LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Investment Committee Member 

Yang Kan Chong 
 
 Global Fund LLC 
 
 Finance 
 
 Director 

Sport Lifestyle 
 
 Sport Education 
 
 Director 

Tribeca Global SPAC Fund IV LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Investment Committee Member 

Hai Chwee Chew 
 
 Surecanlah 
 
 Consultancy/Investment 
 
 CEO/Director 

Pacific Andes Resources Dept. 
 
 Global Supply/Fishing 
 
 Director 

University of Las Vegas, Singapore 
 
 Education 
 
 Director 

Jukka Rannila 
 
 Assai Oy 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director 

Nosh Company Oy 
 
 Fashion and Design 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

Tikli Group Oy 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Director 

Warp Bridge Oy 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director 

Confido Kiinteist hallinta Oy 
 
 Residential Real Estate Investments 
 
 Director 

Trussmatic Oy 
 
 Robotics 
 
 Director 

Assai Commercial Oy 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 
 Director 

Shan Cui 
 
 Venus Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Each person has a fiduciary duty with respect to the listed entities next to their respective names. 

(2) 
 Each of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference relative to our company with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this table of his obligations and the presentation by each such individual of business opportunities. Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares or placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting, finder or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination. In addition, our initial stockholders, executive officers, and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. Since our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive plans to any of our executive officers or directors. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date this Annual Report, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A common stock offered by our IPO by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. As of December 31, 2022, there were 12,113,225 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 9,200,000 shares of Company s redeemable Class A common stock, 613, 225 shares of Company s non-redeemable Class A common stock, and 2,300,000 shares of Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Class A Common Stock 

Class B Common Stock (2) 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 

Global Star Acquisition 1 LLC (1)(2) 

498,225 

5.07 

1,800,000 

78.26 

18.97 

Anthony Ang (1) (2) 

300,000 

13.04 

2.47 

cholas Khoo (2) 

50,000 

2.17 

Shan Cui (2) 

50,000 

2.17 

Stephen Drew (2) 

20,000 

Argon Lam Chun Win 

20,000 

Yang Kan Chong 

20,000 

Hai Chwee Chew 

20,000 

Jukka Rannila 

20,000 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 individuals) 

0 

0 

500,000 

21.73 

4.12 

Other 5 Stockholders 

KARPUS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (3) 

768,975 

7.83 

6.34 

SHAOLIN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC (4) 

500,000 

5.09 

4.12 

ARISTERIA CAPITAL, LLC (5) 

500,000 

5.09 

4.12 

POLAR ASSET MANAGEMENT PARTNERS INC. (6) 

750,000 

7.64 

6.19 

SPACE SUMMIT CAPITAL LLC (7) 

775,468 

7.90 

6.4 

FEIS EQUITIES LLC (8) 

399,375 

4.06 

3.29 
 
 (1) Global Star Investment LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Anthony Ang, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the director and majority owner of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Ang may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Ang disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. The business address of each of these entities and individuals is 1641 International Drive, Unit 208, McLean, VA. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock, as well as placement shares after the IPO. Founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Based on a Schedule 13GA filed on February 14, 2023, by Karpus Management, Inc., d/b/a Karpus Investment Management, a corporation formed under the laws of New York. The address of the business office of the Reporting Persons is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. (4) Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022, by Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. The address of the business office of the Reporting Persons is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. (5) Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 13, 2023, by Aristeria Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The address of the business office of the Reporting Persons is One Greenwich Plaza, 3rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. (6) Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023, by POLAR ASSET MANAGEMENT PARTNERS INC. a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada. The address of the business office of the Reporting Persons is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (7) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 8, 2023, by Space Summit Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company amending the 13G it filed on September 21, 2022. The address of the business office of the 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272. (8) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 31, 2023, by Feis Equity LLC and Lawrence M. Feis. The address of the Reporting Persons is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. The holders of the founder shares have agreed (a) to vote any founder shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to purchase 2,300,000 shares of the Company s Common stock (the Founder Shares for 25,000. On February 14, 2022, the Sponsor received the 2,875,000 shares and paid the Company 25,000 in full satisfaction of the outstanding receivable. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 300,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (see Note 8). In accordance with ASC 505, Equity , all shares, and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to account for this share issuance. On April 5, 2022, the Sponsor transferred 500,000 founder shares to the Company s officers and directors. On July 26, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered 575,000 founder shares to the Company for cancellation, for no consideration. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender. The shares transferred to the officers and directors have a grant date fair value of 2.30 per unit or an aggregate of 1,150,000 and the expense associated with these awards will be recognized upon successful business combination. The Company measured the fair value of the shares on the grant date of the award utilizing a valuation model which considers certain assumptions. These assumptions include the probability of completion of a public offering, the probability of initial business combination and estimated concessions. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that (i) 50 of the Founder Shares (or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) will not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (A) six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (B) the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial business combination and (i) the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares (or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On September 19, 2022, the Sponsor transferred 400,000 shares to the Company s three officers and 100,000 shares to the Company s six directors. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Due to Related Party Prior to September 30, 2022, and in connection with the close of the overallotment on October 4, 2022, the Company received 112,250 which should have been deposited into the Sponsor s bank account. The amount was transferred to the Trust Account subsequent to quarter end. At the close of the Initial Public Offering, a related party deposited 25,000 greater than the agreed upon initial investment. The Company repaid this amount in full, and no balance related to this transaction was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Due from Sponsor On September 22, 2022, a portion of the Initial Public Offering proceeds totaling 1,320,903 was deposited into the Sponsor s bank account. The Sponsor transferred 1,310,373, which excludes a portion to pay down the Promissory Note (discussed below), to the Company on September 27, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance due to the Sponsor was 15,094. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance due from the Sponsor was 25,000. Promissory Note Related Party On February 14, 2022, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company repaid the outstanding balance in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no balance outstanding. Advances From Related Party The Sponsor paid certain offering costs on behalf of the Company and advanced working capital to the Company. These advances are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. Upon close of the Offering, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of 119,720 in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance was 0 and 42,384. Related Party-Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no balance outstanding. Administrative Support Agreement Our Sponsor will make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, or any successor location of Global Star Acquisition 1, certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay our Sponsor the sum of 10,000 per month on the Initial Public Offering date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 32,000 and 0, respectively, of expenses pursuant to this agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no balance outstanding. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Accounting for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 8-K for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, totaled approximately 131,540 and 0, respectively. The above amount includes interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the period ended from inception to December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related fees. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Tax Fees . We did not pay for tax return services, planning and tax advice for the period from inception to December 31, 2022. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum LLP for any services for the period from inception to December 31, 2022. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 21 

Table of Contents 

PART IV ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits: We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 19, 2022, between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the underwriters named therein. (2) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated September 19, 2022. (2) 

3.3 
 
 By Laws (1) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (1) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (1) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) (1) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated September 22, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (2) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement dated September 22, 2022, among the Company, EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC and each of the executive officers and directors of the Company (2) 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated September 1, 2022, issued to Global Stare Acquisition 1 LLC (1) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated September 22, 2022 between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (2) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated September 22, 2022, [by and] among the Company and certain securityholders (2) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, [by and] between the Company and Global Star Acquisition 1 LLC (2) 

10.6 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement dated February 18, 2022, [by and] between the Company and the Sponsor (2) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (2) 

10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement dated February 14, 2022, [by and] between the Registrant and Global Link Investment LLC (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 22, 2022. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 25th day of May 2023. 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Ang 

Anthony Ang 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Anthony Ang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Anthony Ang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Shan Cui 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Shan Cui 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

24 

Table of Contents 
 
 GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s)

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 

F-2

Audited Financial Statements
:

Balance Sheet s as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statement s of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-5

Statement s of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6

Notes to the Financial Statements 

F-7 F-23

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Global Star Acquisition Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Global Star Acquisition Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plans are dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of its uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Marcum
 LLP
 
 Marcum LLP
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

May 2 5
, 2023 

F-2

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Other current assets

Due from Sponsor

Total Current Assets

Investments held in the Trust Account

Deferred offering costs

Other assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Accrued offering costs

Accrued franchise tax payable

Advances from related party

Due to Sponsor

Accrued Income Taxes

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriting commission

Total liabilities

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6)

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at redemption value; shares per share)

Stockholders (deficit) equity:

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (excluding and 

shares , respectively,
 subject to possible redemption)

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (1)(2)

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity

() 

Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity

(1) 
 Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to account for the share issuance on February 14, 2 022 as discussed in Note 5. 

(2) 
 On July 26, 2 022, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited founder shares for consideration following which the Sponsor holds founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender as discussed in Note 5. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended

December 31,

December 31,

2022

2021

OPERATING EXPENSES

Administration fee - related party

General and administrative

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES

OTHER INCOME

Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account

Interest income

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability

TOTAL OTHER INCOME

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes

() 

Provision for income taxes

Net income (loss)

() 

Weighted average number of shares of redeemable Class A common stock outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of redeemable Class A common stock

Weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable Class A and B common stock outstanding, basic and diluted (1)(2)

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class B common stock

() 

(1) 
 Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to account for the share issuance on February 14, 2022 as discussed in Note 5. 

(2) 
 On July 26, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited founder shares for consideration following which the Sponsor holds founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender as discussed in Note 5. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A

Class B

Additional

Common Stock

Common Stock (1)(2)(3)

Paid-In

Accumulated

Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

(Deficit) Equity

Balance as of January 1, 2021

() 

Net loss

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021

() 

Sale of Units in Public Offering, net of offering costs

Proceeds from Private Placement Units, net of offering costs

Proceeds from Sale of Rights, net of costs

Class A common stock issued to representative

Remeasurement adjustment of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 

(1) 
 Includes an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over- allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). 

(2) 
 Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to account for the share issuance on February 14, 2022 as discussed in Note 5. 

(3) 
 On July 26, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited founder shares for consideration following which the Sponsor holds founder shares. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender as discussed in Note 5. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended

December 31,

 2022

December 31,

 2021

Cash Flows From Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account

() 

Change in fair value of overallotment liability

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Other current assets

() 

Other assets

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Accrued income taxes

Accrued franchise tax payable

Advances from related party

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by Operating Activities

() 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities:

Cash deposited into Trust Account

() 

Net Cash u
sed i
n Investing Activities

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units in Public Offering

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Payment of underwriter discounts and commissions

() 

Proceeds from sponsor

Proceeds from sponsor note

Repayment of sponsor note

() 

Due from Sponsor

Payment of offering costs

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) 
Financing Activities

() 
 
 Net change in cash

Cash at beginning of period

Cash at end of period

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash
 financing activities:

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs

Deferred underwriting costs

Class A Ordinary Shares remeasurement to redemption value

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 units (the Units ). per share Class A Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share, and one Right, with each Right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth
 of one share of Class A Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . On October 4, 2022, the Company closed on the over-allotment through the sale of Units at a purchase of per share for gross proceeds of approximately million. 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units (the Private Placement Units to Global Star Acquisition 1 LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see Note 4). 
 On October 4, 2022, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to exercise their overallotment option generating additional gross proceeds of million. Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 As of December 31, 2022, transaction costs amounted to consisting of 
 of underwriting fees (net of underwriter reimbursements), 
 of deferred underwriting fees payable , 
which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account and of other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters were also issued shares of Class A common stock as representative shares, in connection with the IPO. Upon close of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recorded additional issuance costs of 
 , the grant date fair value of the shares, with an offset to additional paid-in
 capital. As described in Note 6, the deferred underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination within (or up to from the closing of the IPO at the election of the company in nine one-month
 extensions) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 
 Nasdaq rules provide that at least of the gross proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the placement units be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the placement units, , per unit, was placed into a trust account in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management acting as investment manager. These proceeds include in deferred underwriting commissions. 
 The proceeds in the trust account may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below. 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 
 The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 
 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 
 The Company will have until September 22, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month
 extension because the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full per unit), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
 business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month
 extension because the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full per unit), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 12th month (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO at the election of the Company in nine separate one month extensions subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the deposit of up to 303,600 because the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full 0.033 per unit) for each one-month
 extension, into the trust account, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 
 Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than the independent public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of
 
 and of Investments in Trust Account to be used for its Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem Public Shares in connection therewith. 

The Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the Sponsor or its shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers and directors, the Sponsor or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to loan us funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient cash to meet its needs through the earlier of consummation of a Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination). 

However, if the Company s estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or if the Company s shareholders approve an extension to the mandatory liquidation date beyond 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its Public Shares upon completion of a Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, it will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination by 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, the Company has determined that the liquidity condition due to insufficient working capital and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date that the financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of the Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination). The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary, if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Initial Public Offering and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Additionally, as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

F-9

Table of Contents 

in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. 
 . The Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised of cash and U.S. treasury bills, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or less. The Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these investments are included in Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 
 consisted principally of costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. The Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock to the representative of the underwriter for services related to the Initial Public Offering. The shares have a grant date fair value of . 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in the amount of is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheet. 
 The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized a measurement adjustment from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital and accumulated deficit of approximately million.

Transaction costs allocated to Class A common stock

() 
 
 Proceeds allocated to Public Rights and Warrants

() 
 
 Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption September 22, 2022

Proceeds

Transaction costs allocated to the Class A common stock

Proceeds allocated to the Public Rights and Warrants

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 202 2
 and 2021, and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 
 New Law and Changes 

 Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 
 At this time, it has been determined that none of the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2022 tax provision. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. The cash at bank is as of December 31 2022. 

() 
 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted income (loss) per share of common stock

() 

() 

. 
 F-13

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a price of per Unit generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of one share of Common stock, one redeemable warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive 
 of Common Stock upon the consummation of the business combination. On October 4, 2022, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to exercise their overallotment option generating additional gross proceeds of million and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting fees, of which are for deferred underwriting commissions. 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 The proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be added to the net proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Placement Units are identical to the Units sold in the Public Offering, except for the placement warrants Placement Warrants ), as described in Note 7. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Warrants and the rights underlying the Placement Units Private Rights will expire worthless. 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s Common stock (the Founder Shares for . On February 14, 2022, the Sponsor received the shares and paid the Company in full satisfaction of the outstanding receivable. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted
 basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering (see Note 8). In accordance with ASC 505, Equity , all shares, and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to account for this share issuance. On April 5, 2022, the Sponsor transferred founder shares to the Company s officers and directors. On July 26, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered founder shares to the Company for cancellation, for consideration. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this surrender. 
 The shares transferred to the officers and directors have a grant date fair value of per unit or an aggregate of and the expense associated with these awards will be recognized upon successful business combination. The Company measured the fair value of the shares on the grant date of the award utilizing a valuation model which considers certain assumptions. These assumptions include the probability of completion of a public offering, the probability of initial business combination and estimated concessions. 
 The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that (i) of the Founder Shares (or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) will not be transferred, assigned or sold until the earlier of (A) six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination and (B) the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing after the Company s initial business combination and (i) the remaining of the Founder Shares (or shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. On September 19, 2022, the Sponsor transferred shares to the Company s three officers and shares to the Company s five directors. 
 Due to Related Party 

Prior to September 30, 2022, and in connection with the close of the overallotment on October 4, 2022, the Company received which should have been deposited into the Sponsor s bank account. The amount was transferred to the Trust Account subsequent to quarter end. 

At the close of the Initial Public Offering, a related party deposited greater than the agreed upon initial investment. The Company repaid this amount in full, and balance related to this transaction was outstanding as of December 
31, 2022 and 2021 .
 
 Due to/
from Sponsor 

 On September 22, 2022, a portion of the Initial Public Offering proceeds totaling was deposited into the Sponsor s bank account. The Sponsor transferred , which excludes a portion to pay down the Promissory Note (discussed below), to the Company on September 27, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the outstanding balance due to the Sponsor was . As of December 31, 

2021, the outstanding balance due from the Sponsor was . 
 Promissory Note Related Party 

 On February 14, 2022, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company repaid the outstanding balance in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was balance outstanding. 
 Advances From Related Party 

 The Sponsor paid certain offering costs on behalf of the Company and advanced working capital to the Company. These advances are due on demand and are non-interest
 bearing. Upon close of the Offering, the Company repaid the outstanding balance of in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance was and . 
 Related Party Loans 

 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of notes may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was balance outstanding.

Administrative Support Agreement 

 Our Sponsor will make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, or any successor location of Global Star Acquisition 1, certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefore
, the Company shall pay our Sponsor the sum of per month on the Initial Public Offering date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, of expenses pursuant to this agreement. As of December 
31, 2022 and 2021, there was balance outstanding. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 -day
 option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On October 4, 2022, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to exercise their overallotment option generating additional gross proceeds of million and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting fees, of which are for deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 
 The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or , upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters reimbursed to the Company for certain expenses in connection with the IPO. 
In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.
 The underwriters were also issued of Class A common stock as representative shares, in connection with our IPO. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and the lock up period expired on March 19, 2023. As of the review period ending December 31, 2022, the Company recorded additional issuance costs of , the grant date fair value of the shares, with an offset to additional paid-in
 capital. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption. 
 Class

B Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 
 Only holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a stockholder agreement or other arrangements with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of our IPO. 
 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. 
 Only holders of the Common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of Common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a stockholder agreement or other arrangements with the stockholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of our IPO. 
 Warrants 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class

A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per Public Warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day
 redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 
 If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. The Company will account for the warrants to be issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
 Such guidance provides that the warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 
 Rights 

Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth
 of one share of Class A common stock upon consummation of the initial business combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of United States law. 
 The Company accounts for the rights to be issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that the rights described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per warrant at the Initial Public Offering. Significant inputs included a risk free rate of , volatility of , probability of business combination of , dividend of and life of years.

The Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured
 and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
 assets and liabilities that are re-measured
 and reported at fair value at least annually. 
 The fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). 
 The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 
 Schedule of Fair Value Hierarchy for Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring basis. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 
 GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Change in Fair Value of Warrants

() 

Valuation allowance

Income tax provision

Deferred

() 

State and local

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Total tax provision

In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was 

 . 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Total deferred tax assets

Valuation Allowance

) 

Net deferred tax asset

F-22

Table of Contents 

GLOBAL STAR ACQUISITION, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-23

<EX-4.5>
 2
 d491656dex45.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4.5 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following summary of the registered securities of Global Star Acquisition, Inc. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, as amended and bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part,
and certain provisions of Delaware law. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us in this Exhibit refer to Global Star Acquisition, Inc. 
 Pursuant to our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock,
 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. 
 Units Each unit has an offering price of
 10.00 and consists of one share of Class A common stock, one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only
whole warrants will trade. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, so you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares
for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. Placement Units 
 The placement units are identical to the units sold in this offering except that there will be no redemption rights with respect to the
placement units, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within 21 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering at the election of the Company as described
elsewhere in this prospectus, or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). 
 Common Stock As of December 31, 2022, 12,113,225 shares
of our common stock are outstanding, consisting of: 9,200,000 shares of the Company s redeemable Class A Common Stock and 613,225
shares of the Company s non-redeemable Class A Common Stock, and 2,300,000 shares of Class B common stock held by our initial
stockholders. Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 456,225 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase
price of 4,562,250, simultaneously with the closing of the offering. The initial stockholders hold an aggregate of approximately 22.95 of the issued and outstanding common stock following the offering and the expiration of the underwriters 
over-allotment option (including the placement shares to be issued to the sponsor and assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering or the public market). 
 Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the
Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our certificate of incorporation or
bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with
the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds
legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up
to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common
stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such
election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with
Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by applying
to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.25 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors will enter into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they will agree to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that
hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is
not required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our certificate of incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to
contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by
applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business
combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. The underwriters will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares it acquires. The representative has informed us that it has no current commitments, plans or
intentions to acquire any public shares for its own account; however, if they do acquire public shares, it will do so in the ordinary course of business or in the types of transaction described in the first paragraph under Proposed Business
 Effecting our Initial Business Combination Permitted purchases of our securities. The underwriters will not make any such purchases when in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller, during a
restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act, in transactions that would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10(b)-5 under the Exchange Act, or if prohibited by applicable state securities laws
or broker-dealer regulations. To the extent our initial stockholders or purchasers of placement units transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree, as a condition to such transfer, to waive
these same redemption rights. Our sponsor purchased 456,225 placement units at the price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the IPO. If we submit our initial business combination to our
public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers, and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business
combination. The participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any,
could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of
our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial
stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with
whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock
sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our
stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess
Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that
number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares and placement shares, we would need 82,832 or 1.04 of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination
(assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. In the event that all shares of our outstanding common stock are voted, we would need 2,721,890 or 34.02 , of
the 8,000,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month
extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if
any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii)
and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors will enter into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they will agree
to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering
(or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s
stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation). However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. In the
event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after
provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will
provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the
limitations described herein. Founder Shares and Placement Shares 
 The founder shares and placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in this offering,
and holders of founder shares and placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii)
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, placement shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, placement shares and any public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem
100 of our 

public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month
extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation) or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the
underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock
that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration
rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 
 The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of
our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in this prospectus and related to the
closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B
common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the
aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO (excluding and the placement units and underlying securities) plus
all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
business combination, any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our
Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the
agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution
provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our
Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities that
are convertible, exercisable, or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.
Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. 
 With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and
(B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following consummation of our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred Stock 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations, and restrictions thereof, applicable
to the shares of each series. Our board of directors can, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could
have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We
have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or
registered in the IPO. Redeemable Warrants 
 Public Stockholders Warrants Each
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO and
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial
business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver
any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable, and we will not be obligated to
issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified, or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of
the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have
paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. Shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants will be registered no later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination using our best efforts to do so with the filing of a registration statement covering the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants with the SEC, and to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until
the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable
(the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, right issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become
exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are
unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the
IPO. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a
redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to
exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants for redemption
as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by
(y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be
received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant
redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage
of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use
had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a
warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such
person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to such exercise. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in
shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend,
 split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of
Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares
of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible
into or exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes
(i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such
rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or
other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash
dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a
stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter
prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month
extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial
business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A
common stock in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a
consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 
 Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the
warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the
exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that
adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of
Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as
applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable
to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common
stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 
 No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 
 We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision
does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. In addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the full extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Placement warrants 
 Except as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
the units in the IPO, including as to exercise price, exercisability, redemption, and exercise period. The placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of this prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders Restrictions on
Transfers of Founder Shares and Placement Units, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 
 In addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of
our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted
on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection with such business combination. We may also receive loans from our sponsor to
finance any extension of the deadline for consummating the initial business combination. The sponsor would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that
will not be repaid in the even that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would be repaid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or all, or any
portion, of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the sponsor, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement units. 
 Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon
exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of this prospectus entitled Principal
Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Placement Warrants made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 
 Rights Each holder of a right will
receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all Class A common stock held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No
additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial business combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase
price paid for by investors in this offering. If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per
share consideration the holders of the Class A common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A common stock basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive the
1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert the rights into underlying shares
as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the
required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with
respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. As soon as practicable upon the consummation of our initial business
combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full Class A common stock to which
it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their
rights for Class A common stock should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying
the rights upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there
are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. 
 The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not issue
fractional shares upon conversion of the rights. Fractional shares will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business
combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor
will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of
the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The
payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increased or decreased the size of the IPO we would have affected a stock dividend or a share
contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders at
20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (excluding the placement units and the underlying securities and assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO) when the IPO was consummated. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent
 The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We
have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise
out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us
until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own approximately
23.3 of our common stock upon the closing of the IPO (including the placement shares to be issued to the sponsor and assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO), will participate in any vote to further amend our certificate of incorporation
and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering
(or up to 21 months by depositing into the trust account for each one-month extension 264,000, or 303,600 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.033 per unit in either case), or as extended by the Company s
stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle
the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with our sponsor, our directors, or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or
another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 
 In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares unless our net
tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 The company became subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate take overs upon completion of the IPO. This statute prevents
certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested
stockholder 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an
interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets.
However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, 
prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that
stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of
directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder.
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three
classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future
issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions, and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and
unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require, to the to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions
brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten
days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought
outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of
law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America, rather than the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there
is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Special meeting of stockholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 
 Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for
election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not
later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained
therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Action by written consent 
 Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly
called an annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors are divided into three classes, Class I, Class II, and Class III, with members of each class serving
staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all
of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 
 Class B Common Stock Consent Right 
 For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment,
alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of
Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock
having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 
 Securities Eligible for Future Sale 
 These restricted securities will be entitled to registration rights as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 
 Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a
person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the
time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 18 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions,
by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding, which equals 98,132 shares immediately
after the offering; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the
filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale
provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell
Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other
than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as
applicable, during the preceding 18 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC
reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to
sell their founder shares and placement units (including component securities contained therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 
 Registration Rights The holders of the
founder shares, placement units (including component securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
the exercise of the placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying Class A common stock) that may be issued upon conversion of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A
common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, became entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case
of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities became entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in
connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Listing of Securities We have listed our
units, Class A common stock and warrants on Nasdaq under the symbols GLSTU , GLST , GLSTW and GLSTR respectively on Nasdaq promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. The shares of
our Class A common stock and warrants are listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d491656dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Anthony Ang, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Global Star Acquisition, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Ang 

Anthony Ang 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d491656dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Shan Cui, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Global Star Acquisition, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Shan Cui 

Shan Cui 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d491656dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Global Star Acquisition, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Anthony Ang, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Anthony Ang 

Anthony Ang 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d491656dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADDED BY SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Global Star Acquisition, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Shan Cui, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Shan Cui 

Shan Cui 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 glst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 glst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 glst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 glst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

