<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230627_10-K_edgar_data_1465470_0001493152-23-022546.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>39778030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>439269</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>31780897</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2781780</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2086174</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2495665</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>29</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-022546.hdr.sgml : 20230627
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626182317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-022546
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		166
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230627
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NaturalShrimp Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001465470
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FISHING, HUNTING & TRAPPING [0900]
		IRS NUMBER:				743262176
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54030
		FILM NUMBER:		231043575

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5501 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 791-9474

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5501 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 450
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MultiPlayer Online Dragon, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-022546.txt : 20230627

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Shares
of common stock with a par value of 0.0001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates was computed by reference to the closing price of the registrant s
common stock as quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. on September 30, 2022 (which was 0.145 per share). For purposes
of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination
of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of June 21, 2023 was . 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 14 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 29 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 30 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 30 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 30 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 30 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 31 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 45 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 46 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 48 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 48 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 51 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 54 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 55 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 57 

PART IV 
 58 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 58 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 60 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

The
information contained in this report should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes contained
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain statements made in this report, including, in particular, with respect to our pending business combination (the Business Combination with Yotta Acquisition Corp. Yotta and other statements in the sections of this report entitled Item 1. Business, 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors, and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
Of Operations, are forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based upon beliefs of, and
information currently available to, us as of the date hereof, as well as estimates and assumptions made by us. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof.
When used herein, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 forecast, future, intend, plan, predict, 
 project, target, potential, will, would, could, 
 should, continue or the negative of these terms and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions, and other factors, including the risks relating to our business, industry, and our operations and results of
operations. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States,
we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These accounting
principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments, and assumptions
upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments, and assumptions
are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the
financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial statements would
be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results. The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

These
statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors, 
those discussed and identified in our public filings made with the SEC and the following: 

NaturalShrimp s
 ability to meet expectations related to its products, technologies and services and its ability to attract and retain revenue-generating
 customers and execute on its growth plans; 

the
 inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the Business Combination, including the risk that any required regulatory
 approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect NaturalShrimp or the
 expected benefits of the Business Combination, if not obtained; 

the
 failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination; 

the
 ability of Yotta prior to the Business Combination, and the combined company following the Business Combination, to maintain the
 listing of Yotta s securities on Nasdaq; 

costs
 related to the Business Combination; 

the
 failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the Business Combination, including the approval of the definitive Merger
 Agreement by the stockholders of Yotta; 

the
 risk of actual or alleged failure to comply with data privacy laws and regulations; 

the
 outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Yotta or NaturalShrimp related to the Business Combination; 

the
 attraction and retention of qualified directors, officers, employees and key personnel of Yotta and NaturalShrimp prior to the Business
 Combination, and the combined company following the Business Combination; 

the
 impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes in NaturalShrimp s industry; and 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, or performance. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of these
forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the
date of this report to conform these statements to actual results. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms NaturalShrimp, Company, we, us, 
and our refer to NaturalShrimp Incorporated and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: NaturalShrimp USA Corporation NSC ), NaturalShrimp Global, Inc. NS Global and Natural Aquatic Systems, Inc. NAS ). Unless otherwise specified,
all dollar amounts are expressed in United States Dollars. 

Corporate
History 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 3, 2008 under the name Multiplayer Online Dragon, Inc. On January
30, 2015, we acquired substantially all of the assets of NaturalShrimp Holdings, Inc. NSH ), which had developed the proprietary technology
to grow and sell shrimp potentially anywhere in the world that is now the basis of our business. Such assets consisted primarily of all
of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries NaturalShrimp Corporation, now called NaturalShrimp USA Corporation NSC ), and NaturalShrimp Global NS Global ), and certain real property located outside of San Antonio, Texas,
in exchange for our issuance of 75,520,240 shares of NaturalShrimp common stock to NSH. As a result of the transaction, NSH acquired
88.62 of the issued and outstanding shares of NaturalShrimp common stock, NSC and NS Global became our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and
we changed our principal business to a global shrimp farming company. We changed our name to NaturalShrimp Incorporated 
in 2015. 

Business
Combination 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company, Yotta Acquisition Corporation, a special purpose acquisition company Yotta ), and Yotta
Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of Yotta, entered into a Merger
Agreement (the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company with the Company
as the surviving corporation of the Business Combination and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yotta (the Business
Combination ). In connection with the Business Combination, Yotta will change its name to NaturalShrimp
Incorporated or such other name designated by the Company. We refer to Yotta after the Business Combination has been completed as the Combined Company. 

At
the closing of the Business Combination, Yotta will issue 17.5 million shares of common stock to the former security holders of the
Company. In addition, the stockholders of the Company are entitled to receive an additional 5.0 million shares of Yotta s
common stock based on achieving certain revenue targets for 2024 and 5 million shares of Yotta s common stock based on
achieving certain revenue targets for 2025. In the event Yotta or the Company validly terminate the Merger Agreement because of a
default by the other, a breakup fee of 3.0 million will be due to the terminating party. 

The
consummation of the Business Combination is conditioned upon customary closing conditions including the approval of the Merger Agreement
by the requisite vote of the Company s stockholders and approval of the Merger Agreement and additional related matters by Yotta s
stockholders. 

4 

Business
Overview 

We
are an aquaculture technology company that has developed proprietary, patented platform technologies to allow for the production of aquatic
species in an ecologically-controlled, high-density, low-cost environment, and in fully contained and independent production facilities
without the use of antibiotics or toxic chemicals. NaturalShrimp owns and operates indoor recirculating Pacific White shrimp production
facilities in Texas and Iowa using these technologies. 

On
October 5, 2015, together with F T Water Solutions, LLC F T ), we formed NAS,
with NaturalShrimp holding a majority interest. The purpose of NAS was for NaturalShrimp and F T to jointly develop certain water
technologies including, without limitation, the electrocoagulation equipment dealing with enclosed aquatic production systems worldwide. 

On
December 17, 2020, we acquired for 10,000,000 certain assets from VeroBlue Farms USA, Inc. VBF and its subsidiaries
VBF Transport, Inc. and Iowa s First, Inc., which included facilities located in Webster City, Iowa, Blairsburg, Iowa, and
Radcliffe, Iowa. These facilities were designed for the growth of barramundi fish. We have converted 40 of the Webster City
facility and 20 of the Blairsburg facility for producing shrimp using the Company s propriety technology. 

On
May 25, 2021, the Company purchased from F T its ownership interest in the water treatment technology that the Company and F T
had previously jointly developed and patented (the Patent through NAS, which is used or useful in growing aquatic species
in re-circulating and enclosed environments, as well as F T s 100 interest in a second patent associated with the Patent that
was issued to F T in March 2018 and all other intellectual property rights owned by F T. In addition, the Company acquired all
of the outstanding shares of common stock of NAS owned by F T (the Common Shares ), thereby making NAS a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. The purchase price for both the Patent and the Common Shares totaled 3,000,000 in cash and 13,861,386 shares
of NaturalShrimp common stock valued at 7,000,000 for a total consideration of 10,000,000. 

On
August 25, 2021, the Company, through its now wholly-owned subsidiary NAS, entered into an Equipment Rights Agreement with Hydrenesis
Delta Systems, LLC, and a Technology Rights Agreement with Hydrenesis Aquaculture, LLC, in a sub-license agreement with Hydrenesis Aquaculture
LLC. The Equipment Rights Agreements relates to specialized and proprietary equipment used to produce and control, dose, and infuse Hydrogas 
and RLS into both water and other chemical species, while the Technology Rights Agreement provides us with a sublicense to the rights
to Hydrogas and RLS . These technologies enhance the health of the aquatic species and minimize stress in high ammonia conditions.
Each such agreement is for a 10-year term and automatically renew for successive 10-year terms unless terminated in accordance therewith.
The agreements give NAS the exclusive rights to purchase or distribute the technology, or buy or rent the equipment, in the Industry
Sector, which is the primary business and revenue stream generated from indoor aquaculture farming of any species in the Territory, defined
as anywhere in the world except for the countries in the Gulf Corporation Council. The Company paid Hydrenesis Delta Systems, LLC the sum of 2,500,000 (staged over a period of time, with 1,250,000
still due), plus a 12.5 royalty for the Equipment Rights Agreement and for the Technology Rights Agreement. The Company paid Hydrenesis
Aquaculture, LLC a total of 10,000,000, comprised of 2,500,000 at closing, 1,000,000 within 60 days and 6,500,000 shares of common
stock of the Company. The Technology Rights Agreement also carried the same royalty provision. 

The
Company has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: NSC, NS Global, and NAS, and owns 51 of NaturalShrimp/Hydrenesis LLC, a Texas limited liability
company. 

Development
of our Technology 

General
Background and Overview 

Historically,
efforts to raise shrimp in a high-density, closed system at the commercial level have been met with either modest success or outright
failure through BioFloc Technology. An aquaculture system using BioFloc Technology recycles waste nutrients
to culture microorganisms to form microbial protein from the toxic waste and other organic matter in the water. Infectious agents such
as parasites, bacteria, and viruses potentially present in BioFloc systems are the most damaging and most difficult to control. While
bacterial infection can in some cases be combated using antibiotics (although not always), the use of antibiotics is generally
considered undesirable and counter to green cultivation practices. Viruses can be worse in that they are immune to antibiotics.
Once introduced to a shrimp population, viruses can wipe out entire farms and shrimp populations, even with intense probiotic applications. 

5 

Our
primary solution against infectious agents is our Vibrio Suppression Technology. This technology utilizes electrocoagulation
(a procedure that uses heat from an electric current to destroy abnormal tissue) to kill potential pathogens and harmful bacteria such
aa vibrio. While bacteria and other pathogens can still survive using this technology, Vibrio Suppression Technology helps to
significantly reduce and suppress harmful organisms that usually cause BioFloc and other enclosed technologies to fail.
Based on several peer-reviewed studies as well as management s experience with this technology, we believe that this system creates higher sustainable densities, consistent production, improved growth and survival rates,
and improved food conversion without the use of antibiotics, probiotics, or unhealthy anti-microbial chemicals. 

Our
technology platforms combine electrocoagulation and Hydrogas. Our patented electrocoagulation system replaces the need for biofilters
and instead applies non-biological, electrical processes and uses electronics to remove ammonia and to control the level of pathogens
in an aquaculture system. These technologies generate water chemistry with antioxidant properties, as demonstrated by third-party studies
and our own trial conducted on North Atlantic Salmon at the RASLab research facility in Norway in 2021. The findings showed an increase
in the well-being of aquatic species, including enhanced growth rates. 

Hydrogas
technology is based on a reducing gas that is produced on demand and infused into an aquaculture water column. The gas lowers the Oxidation
Reduction Potential ORP of water to a negative reading on an ORP meter. Negative ORP refers to the water s ability to
either gain or lose electrons, acting as a measure of its reduction or oxidation capacity. When water has a negative ORP, it is more
prone to gaining electrons, indicating a higher reduction potential. The more negative the ORP value of the water column, the stronger
the reduction capacity, effects of which have been shown to have benefit within the aquaculture industry. The use of negative ORP water
in recirculating aquaculture systems can have several beneficial effects on the animals and their environment such as lowering of the
oxidation stress on the animals leading to better food conversion rates. 

We
have conducted several internal tests over a period of two years with finfish and shrimp, where we observed decreased mortality rates
in the test groups utilizing the Hydrogas system. 

The
use of electrocoagulation in Recirculating Aquaculture Systems (RAS) plays a pivotal role in achieving higher sustainable densities.
This technology utilizes an electrical current to coagulate particulates, bacteria, and other pollutants, leading to their precipitation
out of the water column. By removing these harmful elements, the water quality is significantly improved, which in turn can support higher
densities of animals without compromising their health and well-being. Furthermore, by reducing the bacterial load in the water, such
as harmful Vibrio species, the overall health and immunity of the aquaculture species can be boosted, resulting in lower disease incidences
and higher sustainable densities. 

Maintaining
a negative ORP water column using Hydrogas not only aids in consistent production but also improves food conversion rates. A negative
ORP signifies a reducing environment, which is beneficial for lowering the oxidative stress on the animals, leading to better food conversion
rates. Moreover, the constant removal of harmful substances and bacteria from the water ensures a stable, high-quality environment for
the cultured species, leading to consistent growth rates and production. Thus, through the combined benefits of improved water quality,
enhanced health, and optimized nutrient utilization, electrocoagulation with a negative ORP water column serves as a valuable tool for
sustainable and efficient aquaculture systems. 

The
principal theories behind the Company s system are characterized as: 

High-density
 shrimp production 

Weekly
 production 

Natural
 ecology system 

Regional
 production 

Regional
 distribution 

These
principles form the foundation for the Company and our potential distributors so that consumers can be provided with continuous volumes
of live and fresh shrimp at competitive prices. 

Research
and Development; Evolution of Our Technology 

In
2001, we began research and development of a high density, natural aquaculture system that is not dependent on ocean water to provide
quality, fresh shrimp every week, 52 weeks a year. Our initial system was successful, but we determined that it would not be economically
feasible due to high operating costs. Over the next several years, using the knowledge we gained from developing the first system, we
developed a shrimp production system that eliminated the high costs associated with the previous system. We have continued to refine
this technology, eliminating bacteria and other problems that affect recirculating systems, and now have a successful shrimp-growing
process. We have produced thousands of pounds of shrimp over the years in order to develop a design that will consistently produce quality
shrimp that grow to a large size at a specific rate of growth. This included experimenting with various types of natural live and synthesized
feed supplies before selecting the most appropriate nutritious and reliable combination. It also included utilizing monitoring and control
automation equipment to minimize labor costs and to provide the necessary oversight for proper regulation of the shrimp environment. 

Our
system currently consists of a nursery tank where the shrimp are acclimated and then moved to a larger grow-out tank for the rest of
the growth cycle. During 2016, we engaged in additional engineering projects with third parties to further enhance our indoor production
capabilities. The Company, working with F T, contracted with RGA Labs, Inc. to build and update a prototype of our patented electrocoagulation
system for the grow-out and harvesting of fully mature, antibiotic-free Pacific White shrimp. The design provided a viable pathway to
begin generating revenue and producing shrimp on a commercially-viable scale. During 2019 the Company decided to begin an approximately
 2,000,000 facility renovation, demolishing the interior wood-lined tanks (720,000 gallons). The Company began replacing the previous
tanks with 40 new fiberglass tanks (600,000 gallons) at a cost of approximately 400,000, allowing complete production flexibility with smaller tanks. 

On
March 18, 2020, our research and development plant in La Coste, Texas was destroyed by a fire. The Company believed that it was caused
by a natural gas leak, but the fire was so extensive that the cause was never determined. No one was injured as a result of the fire.
The majority of the damage was to our pilot production plant, which comprised approximately 35,000 square feet of the total size of the
production facilities at the La Coste location, but the fire did not impact the separate greenhouse, reservoirs, or utility buildings.
The Company used the proceeds from its subsequent insurance claim to rebuild a 40,000 square foot production building at the La Coste
facility and to repurchase the equipment needed to replace what was lost in the fire. The Company further refined the electrocoagulation
system for installation in the Texas and later in its Iowa shrimp production facilities. The Company began making regular weekly sales
of live shrimp from the Iowa production facility in November 2021 and from the Texas production facility in June 2022. 

6 

Overview
of Industry 

Shrimp
is a well-known and globally-consumed commodity, constituting one of the most important types of seafood and a staple protein source
for much of the world. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the 2021 global production of shrimp
was 9.9 billion pounds with over 1.9 billion pounds of shrimp consumed in the United States alone. Approximately 65 of the global supply
of shrimp is caught by ocean trawlers and the other 35 is produced by open-air shrimp farms, mostly in developing countries. 

Shrimp
boats catch shrimp through the use of large, boat-towed nets. These nets are quite toxic to the undersea environment as they disturb
and destroy ocean-bottom ecosystems; these nets also catch a variety of non-shrimp sea life, which is typically killed and discarded
as part of the shrimp harvesting process. Additionally, the world s oceans can only supply a finite amount of shrimp each year,
and in fact, single-boat shrimp yields have fallen by approximately 20 since 2010 and continue to decrease. The shrimping industry s
answer to this problem has been to deploy more (and larger) boats that deploy ever-larger nets, which has in the short-term been successful
at maintaining global shrimp yields. This benefit, however, cannot continue forever, as eventually global demand has the potential of
outstripping the oceans ability to maintain the natural ecosystem s balance, resulting in a permanent decline in yields.
When taken in light of global population growth and the ever-increasing demand for nutrient-rich foods such as shrimp, this method is
clearly an unsustainable production paradigm. 

Shrimp
farming, known in the industry as aquaculture, has ostensibly stepped in to fill this demand/supply imbalance. Shrimp farming
is typically done in open-air lagoons and man-made shrimp ponds connected to the open ocean. Because these ponds constantly exchange
water with the adjacent sea, the farmers are able to maintain the water chemistry that allows the shrimp to prosper. This method of cultivating
shrimp, however, also carries severe ecological peril. First of all, most shrimp farming is primarily conducted in developing countries,
where poor shrimp farmers have little regard for the global ecosystem. As a result, these farmers use large quantities of antibiotics
and other chemicals that maximize each farm s chance of producing a crop, putting the entire system at risk. For example, a viral
infection that crops up in one farm can spread to all nearby farms, quite literally wiping out an entire region s production. In
1999, the White Spot virus invaded shrimp farms in at least five Latin American countries: Honduras, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Panama, and
Ecuador, and in 2013-14 Early Mortality Syndrome wiped out most of the shrimp yields in the Asia Pacific region and Mexico. Secondly,
there is also a finite amount of coastline that can be used for shrimp production eventually shrimp farms that are dependent
on the open ocean will have nowhere to expand. Again, this method is also an ecologically damaging and ultimately unsustainable system
for producing shrimp. 

In
both the cases, the current method of shrimp production is unsustainable. As global populations rise and the demand for shrimp continues
to grow, the current system is bound to fall short. Shrimp trawling cannot continue to increase production without completely depleting
the oceans natural shrimp population. Trends in per-boat yield confirm that this industry has already crossed the overfishing
threshold, putting the global open-ocean shrimp population in decline. While open-air shrimp aquaculture may seem to address this problem,
it is also an unsustainable system that destroys coastal ecological systems and produces shrimp with very high chemical contamination
levels. Closed-system shrimp farming is clearly a superior alternative, but its unique challenges have prevented it from becoming a widely-available
alternative. 

Of
the 1.9 billion pounds of shrimp consumed annually in the United States, over 1.5 billion pounds are imported much of this from
developing countries shrimp farms. These farms are typically located in developing countries and use high levels of antibiotics
and pesticides that are not allowed under USDA regulations. As a result, these shrimp farms produce chemical-laden shrimp in an ecologically
unsustainable way. 

7 

Unfortunately,
most consumers in the United States are not aware of the origin of their store-bought shrimp or the shrimp that they consume in restaurants.
This lack of knowledge is due to a USDA rule that states that only bulk-packaged shrimp must state the shrimp s country of origin;
any prepared shrimp, which includes arrangements sold in grocery stores and seafood markets, as well as all shrimp served
in restaurants, can simply be sold as is. Essentially, the foregoing means that most U.S. consumers may be eating shrimp
laden with chemicals and antibiotics. Our product is free of pesticide chemicals and antibiotics, a fact that we believe will be highly
attractive and beneficial in terms of our eventual marketing success. 

Target
Markets 

We
are establishing three target markets. The first market is live shrimp delivered to grocery stores and placed in aquariums, the second
is fresh-on-ice shrimp delivered through distribution channels to groceries and restaurants, and the third is fresh-on-ice shrimp ordered
via an eCommerce website delivered directly to the consumer. Our goal is to establish production systems and distribution centers in
regional areas of the United States as well as international distribution networks through joint venture partnerships throughout the
world. This should allow the Company to capture a significant portion of world shrimp sales by offering locally-grown, environmentally-friendly,
fresh shrimp at competitive wholesale prices. 

According
to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the United States consumed over 1.9 billion pounds of shrimp in 2021, second only to China in total consumption, with over 90 imported. According to Research and Markets, the worldwide
shrimp market was 18.3 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach 23.4 billion by 2026. According to SeafoodSource, in 2021 the United
States Food and Drug Administration (the FDA refused 75 entry lines of antibiotic-contaminated shrimp, over twice as many
entry lines as was refused in 2020. 

We
strive to build a profitable global shrimp production company. We believe that our foundational advantage is that we can deliver fresh,
organically grown, gourmet-grade shrimp, 52 weeks a year to retail and wholesale buyers in major market areas at competitive, yet premium,
prices. By locating regional production and distribution centers in close proximity to consumer demand, we can provide a fresh product
to customers within 24 hours after harvest. We believe that we can be the first to market and perhaps the sole weekly provider of fresh
shrimp. Based on existing demand and what we believe are the advantages of our process, we believe that we can capture as much market
share as our production capacity can support. The existing market demand, however, also might encourage new competitors to enter the
market, including competitors that might develop processes that directly compete with NaturalShrimp, which could result in our not being
able to capture the market share we anticipate. 

Our
patented technology and eco-friendly, bio-secure production processes enable the delivery of a chemical and antibiotic-free, locally-grown
product that lives up to the Company s mantra: Always Fresh, Always Natural, thereby addressing the issue of unsafe 
imported seafood. 

Our
Products 

Product
Description 

Most
of the shrimp consumed in the world today come from shrimp farms that can only produce crops between one and four times per year.
Consequently, the shrimp from these farms requires freezing between crops until consumed. Our system is designed to harvest
different tanks each week, which provides for fresh shrimp throughout the year. We strive to create a niche market of Always
Fresh, Always Natural shrimp. As opposed to many of the foreign shrimp farms, we can also claim that our product is 100 free
of antibiotics. The ability to grow shrimp locally and year-round allows us to provide this high-end product to upscale restaurant
and grocery stores throughout the world. The Company is currently selling live shrimp to grocery stores outlets in Chicago and to
stores and restaurants in Texas. We rotate the stocking and harvesting of our tanks each week, which allows for weekly shrimp
harvests. Our product is free of pollutants and is fed only the highest-quality feeds. 

Shrimp
Growth Period 

Our
production system will produce shrimp at a harvest size of 12 grams in 12 weeks for the live market and 25 grams in 20 weeks for the
fresh-on-ice market. We currently purchase post-larva shrimp that are approximately 10 days old. In the future, we plan to convert the
Blairsburg, Iowa facility into a hatchery to control the supply of shrimp to each of our facilities. Our full-scale production systems
include nursery and grow-out tanks, projected to produce fresh shrimp 52 weeks per year. 

8 

Distribution
and Marketing 

We
plan to build environmentally friendly production systems near major metropolitan areas of the United States. Today, we have one, 40,000
square foot production facility in La Coste, Texas (near San Antonio) and three production facilities totaling 344,000 square feet in
Iowa. On January 4, 2021, the Company formed a limited liability company with Hydresnesis Aquaculture, LLC in order to negotiate with
local government for the construction of a production facility under available grant programs in Florida. 

Because
our system is enclosed and also indoors, it is not affected by weather or climate and does not depend on ocean proximity. As such, we
believe that we will be able to provide, naturally grown, high-quality, fresh-never frozen shrimp to customers in major markets each
week. We believe that these characteristics will allow distribution companies that we partner with to leverage their existing customer
relationships by offering an uninterrupted supply of high-quality, fresh, and locally-grown shrimp. We plan to sell and distribute the
vast majority of our shrimp production through distributors, such as U.S. Foods in Texas markets, that have established customers and
sufficient capacity to deliver a fresh product within hours following harvest. We believe that we have the added advantage of being able
to market our shrimp as a fresh, natural, and locally-grown product using sustainable, eco-friendly technology, a key differentiation
from existing shrimp producers. Furthermore, we believe that our ability to advertise our product in this manner, along with the fact
that it is a locally-grown product, provides us with a marketing advantage over the competition. We expect to utilize distributors that
currently supply fresh seafood to upscale restaurants and supermarkets, country clubs, and retail stores whose clientele expect and appreciate
fresh, natural products. 

Harvesting,
Packaging and Shipment 

We
expect that each of our locations will include production, harvesting/processing and a general shipping and receiving area, in addition
to warehousing space for storage of necessary supplies and products required to grow, harvest, package, and otherwise make ready for
delivery, a fresh shrimp crop on a weekly basis to consumers in each individual market area within 24 hours following harvest. 

The
seafood industry lacks a consistent source verification method to track seafood products as they move through countries and customs procedures.
With worldwide overfishing leading to declining shrimp freshness and sustainability around the world, it is vital for shrimp providers
to be able to realistically identify the source of their product. We have well-managed, sustainable facilities that are able to track
shrimp from hatchery to plate using environmentally responsible methods and intend to incorporate these methods in all our future facilities. 

International 

We
own 100 of NS Global, which was formed to create international partnerships and licensing for our platform technologies. Each international
partnership is expected to use the Company s proprietary technology to penetrate shrimp markets throughout the world utilizing
existing food service distribution channels. 

Go
to Market Strategy and Execution 

Our
strategy is to acquire or develop regional production and distribution centers or joint ventures near major metropolitan areas throughout
the United States and internationally. Along with our La Coste facility that includes a 40,000 square foot production facility using a
new water treatment process. We have also purchased a 344,000 square foot production facilities and production assets from VBF. Our current plans include a NaturalShrimp Iowa expansion, a La Coste, Texas expansion, and Hydrenesis joint ventures while developing regional production
and distribution centers near major markets, adding production centers in Florida, Nevada, and New York. 

We
have sold live product to grocery stores at 10.50 per pound and we have an exclusive agreement with U.S. Foods to distribute fresh-on-ice
shrimp weekly to retail consumers at 10.50 to 14.00 per pound depending on size, which helps to validate our pricing strategy. Additionally,
we are developing an eCommerce website for on-line ordering and home delivery by the name of NaturalShrimp Harvest-Select to provide
fresh-chilled directly to consumers at 22.00 per pound. 

9 

Current
Systems and Expansion 

The
shrimp production facility rebuilt in La Coste, Texas is now using new patent-pending technologies the Company developed with F T
and Hydrenesis. We expect this facility to produce approximately 6,000 pounds of shrimp every week. By staging the stocking and harvests
from tank to tank, it enables us to produce and therefore deliver fresh shrimp every week. 

With
the purchase of our Iowa facilities from VBF, the Company is using the aforementioned platform technologies to retrofit 344,000 square
feet of the existing Iowa facilities that we expect will, once fully operational, produce 18,000 pounds of shrimp per week. We believe
that the combined output from our La Coste, Texas and Iowa facilities will be approximately 24,000 pounds of shrimp production per week
by the third or fourth calendar quarter of 2023. 

The
regional production facilities to be located in Florida, Nevada, and New York are expected to begin construction from future
funding. These production centers are not surrounded by commercial shrimp production, and we believe that will create a high demand
for fresh shrimp in all of these locations. In addition, the Company will continue to use undeveloped land it owns in La Coste (37
acres) and Iowa (52 acres) to build as many systems as the Texas and our Midwest markets demand. 

Competition 

There
are a number of companies conducting research and development projects in their attempt to develop closed-system technologies in the
U.S., some with reported production and sales. Most North American shrimp farms are using a BioFloc System to intensify shrimp growth.
Since these are privately-held companies, it is not possible to know, with certainty, their state of technological development, production
capacity, need for water exchange, location requirements, financial status, and other matters. To the best of our knowledge, none are
producing significant quantities of shrimp relative to their local markets, and such fresh shrimp sales are likely confined to an area
near their production facility. 

Additionally,
any new competitor would face significant barriers for entry into the market and would likely need years of research and development
to develop the proprietary technology necessary to produce similar shrimp at a commercially viable level. We believe that our technology
and business model set us apart from any current competition. It is possible that additional competitors will arise in the future, but
with the size and growth of the worldwide shrimp market, we are confident that many competitors could co-exist and thrive in the fresh
shrimp industry. 

10 

Intellectual
Property 

The
following table provides information regarding our issued patents: 

Patent
 Document Number (Issued) 
 
 Description 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Type 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 Date
 Issued 
 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Current
 Ownership 
 
 Currently
 In Active Use 
 
 Must
 Be In Continued Use 
 
 Will
 Be Maintained Until a Third-Party Challenge 
 
 US
 Patent 10,163,199 B2 
 
 Recirculating
 Aquaculture System and Treatment method of Aquatic Species 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Utility 
 
 11/28/2016 
 
 12/25/2018 
 
 11/28/2036 
 
 Natural
 Shrimp Inc 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 US
 Patent 11,297,809 B1 
 
 Ammonia
 Control in a Recirculating Aquaculture System 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Utility 
 
 7/7/2021 
 
 4/12/2022 
 
 7/7/2041 
 
 Natural
 Shrimp Inc 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 US
 Patent 9,908,794 B2 
 
 Electrocoagulation
 Chamber with Atmospheric Pressurized Flow Regimes 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Utility 
 
 5/25/2015 
 
 3/6/2018 
 
 5/25/2035 
 
 Natural
 Shrimp Inc 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 

Utility
 patents are granted to anyone who invents or discovers any new and useful process, machine, article of manufacture, or compositions
 of matters, or any new useful improvement thereof. 

Patent
 Document Number (Applied) 
 
 Description 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 Application
 No 17/895,906 
 
 Method
 and Apparatus for removing specific contaminants from water in a recirculating or linear treatment system 
 
 United
 States 
 
 8/25/2022 

Trademarks 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Live 
 
 First
 Used in Commerce 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 Published
 for Opposition 
 
 Registration
 Date 
 
 Word
 Mark 
 
 Currently
 In Active Use 
 
 Must
 Be In Continued Use 
 
 Will
 Be Maintained Until a Third Party Challenge 
 
 6,122,073 
 
 United
 States 
 
 Yes 
 
 12/31/2004 
 
 7/2/2019 
 
 5/26/2020 
 
 8/11/2022 
 
 NATURALSHRIMP 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 
 
 Yes 

We
intend to take appropriate steps to protect our intellectual property. 

There
are potential additional technical processes for which the Company may be able to file a patent. There are no assurances, however, that
such applications, if filed, would be issued and no right of enforcement is granted to a patent application. Therefore, the Company plans
to use a variety of other methods, including copyright registrations as appropriate, trade secret protection, and confidentiality and
non-compete agreements to protect its intellectual property portfolio. 

Source
and Availability of Raw Materials 

We
receive necessary raw materials from established suppliers, generally in a timely manner. Currently, we buy our feed from Zeigler, a
leading producer of aquatic feed. Post larvae shrimp are available from Sea Products Development in Texas and Homegrown Shrimp in Florida. 

Notwithstanding
our current relationship with our suppliers of Post Larvae (PLs) shrimp, we have previously experienced temporary shortages and delays
as a result issues arising at their hatcheries. We have favorable contacts and past business dealings with other major shrimp feed producers
from which we can purchase required raw materials if our current suppliers are not available. In addition, we have also experienced supply-chain
problems that have restricted our access to needed equipment parts and supplies. However, we have been able to mitigate these issues
by modifying off-the-shelf readily available parts and equipment to work within our system. 

Government
Approvals and Regulations 

We
are subject to government regulation and require certain licenses. The following list includes regulations to which we are subject and/or
the permits and licenses we currently hold: 

Exotic
 Species Permit (annual) required and issued by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department TPWD relating to operation
 of the Company s facility in La Coste, Texas to raise exotic shrimp (non-native to Texas). This permit is currently active,
 expiring on December 31, 2023. 

Annual
 permit issued by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality TCEQ ). TCEQ regulates facility wastewater discharge.
 The La Coste facility is rated Level 1 (Recirculation System with No Discharge). The Company s technologies provide for zero
 discharge, which makes it much easier to locate production facilities in various locations having strict environmental requirements. 

11 

The
 Company has applied to register the La Coste facility with the FDA in case the Company decides to process the shrimp in the future
 at this facility. However, the shrimp are currently delivered heads-on with no processing. 

The
 Company has applied to register the facility in Webster City, Iowa with the FDA in case the Company decides to process the shrimp
 in the future at this facility. However, the shrimp are currently delivered heads-on with no processing. 

Annual
 aquaculture license issued by Iowa Department of Natural Resources in respect of the Webster City, Iowa facility to produce shrimp
 in Iowa. 

We
are subject to certain regulations regarding the need for field employees to be certified. We strictly adhere to these regulations. The
cost of certification is an accepted part of expenses. Regulations may change and become a cost burden, but compliance and safety are
our main concern. 

Market
Advantages and Corporate Drivers 

We
consider the following to be our advantages in the marketplace: 

Early-mover
 Advantage : We believe that we have an early-mover advantage via commercialized platform technologies in a large, growing market
 with no significant competition yet identified. Most potential competitors are early-stage companies with limited production and
 distribution. 

Farm-to-Market :
 This factor has significant advantages including reduced transportation costs and a product that we believe is more attractive to
 local consumers. 

Bio-secured
 Building : Our process is a re-circulating, highly-filtered water technology in an indoor-regulated environment. External pathogens
 are excluded. 

Eco-friendly
 Technology : Our closed-loop, recirculating system has no ocean water exchange requirements, does not use chemical or antibiotics
 and therefore is sustainable, eco-friendly, environmentally sound, and produces a superior-quality shrimp that is totally natural. 

Availability
 of Weekly Fresh Shrimp : Assures consumers of optimal freshness, taste, and texture of product, which we believe will command
 premium prices. 

Sustainability :
 Our naturally grown product does not deplete wild supplies, has no by-catch kill of marine life, does not damage sensitive ecological
 environments, and avoids potential risks of imported seafood. 

Although
we have the patented technology and concomitant trade secrets necessary to grow shrimp in commercial quantities in a recirculating, enclosed
system, and believe that we have significant advantages in this market, we face competitive challenges from various directions. As noted
above, the market for fresh shrimp is significant and attractive and could potentially lead to the development of new technologies that
may compete with ours or copycat technologies that infringe on our patents and/or trade secrets. 

Outside
forces over which we have no control, such as supply chain issues, may create unforeseen obstacles that could hinder our ability to meet
production goals. Further, weather may damage those companies from whom we purchase post-larvae shrimp and prohibit us from satisfying
its contractual commitments to third party purchasers of our shrimp. Further, there might not be a sufficient pool of potential employees
with the technical education and skills we require to staff and operate our intended new facilities in the locations in which we intend
to expand. 

12 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

Much
of our success is rooted in the diversity of our teams and our commitment to inclusion. We value diversity at all levels. We believe
that our business benefits from the different perspectives a diverse workforce brings, and we pride ourselves on having a strong, inclusive
and positive culture based on our shared mission and values. 

Environmental,
Social and Governance 

Our
commitment to integrating sustainability across our organization begins with our Board of Directors, or the Board. The Nominating and
Governance Committee of the Board has oversight of strategy and risk management related to Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG.
All employees are responsible for upholding our core values, including to communicate, collaborate, innovate and be respectful, as well
as for adhering to our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, including our policies on bribery, corruption, conflicts of interest and
our whistleblower program. We encourage employees to come to us with observations and complaints, ensuring we understand the severity
and frequency of an event in order to escalate and assess accordingly. Our Chief Compliance Officer strives to ensure accountability,
objectivity, and compliance with our Code of Conduct. If a complaint is financial in nature, the Audit Committee Chair is notified concurrently,
which triggers an investigation, action, and report. 

We
are committed to protecting the environment and attempt to mitigate any negative impact of our operations. We monitor resource use, improve
efficiency, and at the same time, reduce our emissions and waste. We are systematically addressing the environmental impacts of the buildings
we rent as we make improvements, including adding energy control systems and other energy efficiency measures. Waste in our own operation
is minimized by our commitment to reduce both single-use plastics and operating paper-free, primarily in a digital environment. We have
safety protocols in place for handling biohazardous waste in our labs, and we use third-party vendors for biohazardous waste and chemical
disposal. 

Corporate
and Available Information 

Our
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available
free of charge though our website (http://www.naturalshrimp.com) as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with,
or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Except as otherwise stated in these documents, the information
contained on our website or available by hyperlink from our website is not incorporated by reference into this report or any other documents
we file, with or furnish to, the SEC. 

Human
Capital Management 

Employees 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 32 employees, 28 of whom were full-time employees. In addition, we retain the services of outside consultants
for various functions including engineering, finance, accounting and business development services. None of our employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we have good relations with our employees. We believe that our future success will
depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. In particular, we depend on the skills, experience,
and performance of our senior management and engineering and technical personnel. We compete for qualified personnel with other aquaculture
industries. 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
(which vary by country/region and employment classification) include incentive compensation plan, pension, healthcare and insurance benefits,
paid time off, family leave, and on-site services, among others. We also use targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions to
facilitate retention of personnel, particularly for our key employees. 

Contractors 

As
of March 31, 2023, we retain 13 consultants and independent contractors. 

13 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in our public filings before
making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in this document that are not historic facts are
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following events described in these risk factors actually occur,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Moreover, additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem
less significant also may impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, perhaps materially. For additional information
regarding risk factors, see Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

The
market for our product may be limited, and as a result our business may be adversely affected. 

The
feasibility of marketing our product has been assumed to this point and there can be no assurance that such assumptions are correct.
It is possible that the costs of development and implementation of our shrimp production technology may be too expensive to market our
shrimp at a competitive price. It is likewise possible that competing technologies will be introduced into the marketplace before or
after the introduction of our product to the market, which may affect our ability to market our product at a competitive price. 

Furthermore,
there can be no assurance that the prices we determine to charge for our product will be commercially acceptable or that the prices that
may be dictated by the market will be sufficient to provide to us sufficient revenues to profitably operate and provide a financial return
to our investors. 

Our
business and operations are affected by the volatility of prices for shrimp. 

Our
business, prospects, revenues, profitability, and future growth are highly dependent upon the prices of and demand for shrimp. Our ability
to borrow and to obtain additional capital on attractive terms is also substantially dependent upon shrimp prices. These prices have
been and are likely to continue to be extremely volatile for seasonal, cyclical, and other reasons. Any substantial or extended decline
in the price of shrimp will have a material adverse effect on our financing capacity and our prospects for commencing and sustaining
any economic commercial production. In addition, increased availability of imported shrimp can affect our business by lowering commodity
prices. This could reduce the value of inventories, held both by us and by our customers, and cause many of our customers to reduce their
orders for new products until they can dispose of their higher-cost inventories. 

Market
demand for our products may decrease. 

We
face competition from other producers of seafood as well as from other protein sources, such as pork, beef, and poultry. The bases on
which we expect to compete include, but may not be limited to: 

price; 

product
 quality; 

brand
 identification; and 

customer
 service. 

14 

Demand
for our products will be affected by our competitors promotional spending. We may be unable to compete successfully on any or
all of these bases in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Moreover,
although historically the logistics and perishability of seafood has led to regionalized competition, the market for fresh and frozen
seafood is becoming increasingly globalized as a result of improved delivery logistics and improved preservation of the products. Increased
competition, consolidation, and overcapacity may lead to lower product pricing of competing products that could reduce demand for our
products and have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

Competition
and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry may result in occasional spot shortages of equipment, supplies, and materials.
In particular, we may experience possible unavailability of post-larvae and materials and services used in our shrimp production facilities.
Such unavailability could result in increased costs and delays to our operations. If we cannot find the products, equipment, supplies,
and materials that we need on a timely basis, we may have to suspend our production plans until we find the products, equipment, and
materials that we need. 

Our
expansion plans for our shrimp production facilities reflects our current intent and is subject to change. 

Our
current expansion plans are subject to change, and the continuance of such plans will depend on the following factors, among others: 

availability
 and cost of capital; 

current
 and future shrimp prices; 

costs
 and availability of post-larvae shrimp, equipment, supplies, and personnel necessary to conduct these operations; 

the
 success or failure of system design and activities in similar areas; 

changes
 in the estimates of the costs to complete production facilities; and 

the
 decisions of operators and future joint venture partners. 

We
will continue to gather data about our production facilities, and it is possible that additional information may cause us to alter our
schedule or determine that a certain facility should not be pursued at all. 

Our
product is subject to regulatory approvals and if we fail to obtain such approvals, our business may be adversely affected. 

Most
of the jurisdictions in which we operate will require us to obtain a license for each facility that we own and operate in that jurisdiction.
We have obtained and currently hold a license to own and operate each of our facilities where a license is required. In order to maintain
the licenses, we have to operate our current farms and, if we pursue acquisitions or construction of new farms, we will need to obtain
additional licenses to operate those farms, where required. We are also exposed to dilution of the value of our licenses where a government
issues new licenses to fish farmers other than us, thereby reducing the current value of our fish-farming licenses. Governments may change
the way licenses are distributed or otherwise dilute or invalidate our licenses. If we are unable to maintain or obtain new fish-farming
licenses or if new licensing regulations dilute the value of our licenses, this may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

It
is possible that regulatory authorities could make changes in regulatory rules and policies, and we would not be able to market or commercialize
our product in the intended manner and/or the changes could adversely impact the realization of our technology or market potential. 

Failure
to ensure food safety and compliance with food safety standards could result in serious adverse consequences for us. 

As
our end products are for human consumption, food safety issues (both actual and perceived) may have a negative impact on the reputation
of and demand for our products. In addition to the need to comply with relevant food safety regulations, it is of critical importance
that our products are safe and perceived as safe and healthy in all relevant markets. 

15 

Our
products may be subject to contamination by food-borne pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes, Clostridia, Salmonella and E. Coli
or contaminants. As these pathogens and substances are found in the environment, there is a risk that one or more of these organisms
and pathogens can be introduced into our products as a result of improper handling, poor processing hygiene, or cross-contamination by
us, the ultimate consumer, or any intermediary. We have little, if any, control over handling procedures once we ship our products for
distribution. Furthermore, we may not be able to prevent contamination of our shrimp by pollutants such as polychlorinated biphenyls,
or PCBs, dioxins, or heavy metals. 

An
inadvertent shipment of contaminated products may be a violation of law and may lead to product liability claims, product recalls (which
may not entirely mitigate the risk of product liability claims), increased scrutiny, and penalties, including injunctive relief and plant
closings, by regulatory agencies, as well as adverse publicity. 

Increased
quality demands from authorities in the future relating to food safety may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flow. Legislation and guidelines with tougher requirements are expected and may imply higher
costs for the food industry. In particular, the ability to trace products through all stages of development, certification, and documentation
is becoming increasingly required under food safety regulations. Further, limitations on additives and use of medical products in the
farmed shrimp industry may be imposed, which could result in higher costs for us. 

The
food industry, in general, experiences high levels of customer awareness with respect to food safety and product quality, information,
and traceability. We may fail to meet new and exacting customer requirements, which could reduce demand for our products. 

Our
success is dependent upon our ability to commercialize our shrimp production technology. 

Prior
to fiscal year 2021, we had been engaged primarily in the research and development of our technology. Therefore, we have a limited operating
history upon which current and potential investors can evaluate our prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risk,
uncertainties, expenses, delays, and difficulties associated with the establishment of a business in the evolving food industry, as well
as those risks encountered in the shift from development to commercialization of new technology and products or services based upon such
technology. 

While
we have developed our first commercial system that employs our technology, additional work is required to incorporate that technology
into a system capable of accommodating thousands of customers, which is the minimum capability that we believe is necessary to compete
in the marketplace. 

Our
shrimp production technology may not operate as intended. 

Although
we have successfully tested our technology, our approach, which is still fairly new in the industry, may not operate as intended or may
be subject to other factors that we have not yet considered. These may include the impact of new pathogens or other biological risks,
low oxygen levels, algal blooms, fluctuating seawater temperatures, predation, or escapes. Any of the foregoing may result in physical
deformities to our shrimp or affect our ability to increase shrimp production, which may have a material adverse effect on our operations.
Furthermore, even if we are able to successfully manage these factors, our ability to grow healthy shrimp at a commercially scalable
rate may be limited. 

Our
success is dependent upon our ability to protect our intellectual property. 

Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and enforce protection for our intellectual property in the United States and other
countries. It is possible that our intellectual property protection could fail. It is possible that the claims for patents or other intellectual
property protections could be denied or invalidated or that our protections will not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology.
It is also possible that our intellectual property will not provide protection against competitive products or will not otherwise be
commercially viable. 

16 

Our
commercial success will depend in part on our ability to commercialize our shrimp production without infringing on patents or proprietary
rights of others. We cannot guarantee that other companies or individuals have not or will not independently develop substantially equivalent
proprietary rights or that other parties have not or will not be issued patents that may prevent the sale of our products or require
licensing and the payment of significant fees or royalties in order for us to be able to carry on our business. 

We
will need to grow the size and capabilities of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
our business strategies develop, we must add additional managerial, operational, financial, and other personnel. Future growth will impose
significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 

identifying,
 recruiting, integrating, maintaining, and motivating additional personnel; 

managing
 our internal development efforts effectively, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties;
 and 

improving
 our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems, and procedures. 

Our
future financial performance will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth and our management may also
have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of
time to managing these growth activities. 

We
currently rely, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain independent organizations, advisors,
and consultants to provide certain services. There can be no assurance that the services of these independent organizations, advisors,
and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed, or that we can find qualified replacements. In addition,
if we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants
is compromised for any reason, we may not be able to advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our
existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, if at all. If we are
not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may
not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop our business initiatives and, accordingly, may not achieve
our research, development, and commercialization goals. 

These
and other risks associated with our planned international operations may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain
profitable operations. 

Risks
Related to Financing Our Business 

Management
has determined that there are factors that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America, assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we had a net loss available for common stockholders
of approximately 17.5 million. At March 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 167.5 million and a working capital
deficit of approximately 9.3 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, within
one year from the issuance date of this report. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise the required
additional capital or debt financing to meet short and long-term operating requirements. We may also encounter business endeavors that
require significant cash commitments or unanticipated problems or expenses that could result in a requirement for additional cash. As
we continue to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our
current stockholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to our common stock.
Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us or are not available
on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly
and materially restrict our operations. If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital, we may have to cease operations. 

17 

The
rebuilding and expansion of our operations in Webster City, Iowa will require significant capital expenditures for which we may be unable
to obtain sufficient financing. 

Our
need for additional capital may adversely affect our financial condition. Even prior to the loss of our plant in La Coste by fire or
the purchase of the VBF assets in Webster City, Iowa, we had no sustained history of earnings and have operated at a loss since we commenced
business. We have relied, and continue to rely, on external sources of financing to meet our capital requirements, to continue developing
our proprietary technology, to build our production facilities, and to otherwise implement our corporate development and investment strategies. 

We
plan to obtain the future funding that we will need through the debt and equity markets, but there can be no assurance that we will be
able to obtain additional funding when it is required. If we fail to obtain the funding that we need when it is required, we may have
to forego or delay potentially valuable opportunities to build shrimp production facilities or default on existing funding commitments
to third parties. Our limited operating history may make it difficult to obtain financing in the future. 

Our
ability to generate positive cash flows is uncertain. 

To
develop and expand our business, we will need to make significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incur research
and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth will require a significant investment
in working capital. Our business will require significant amounts of working capital to meet our production requirements and support
our growth. 

We
cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet these requirements. If adequate funds are not
available or are not available on satisfactory terms, we may be required to significantly curtail our operations and may not be able
to fund our production requirements once they commence - let alone fund expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities,
develop, or enhance our products, or respond to competitive pressures. Any failure to obtain such additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
have a history of operating losses and anticipate future losses and may never be profitable. 

We
have experienced significant operating losses in each period since we began investing resources in our production of shrimp. These losses
have resulted principally from research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses associated with
the development of our business. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded a net loss available for common stockholders
of approximately 17.5 million, or 0.02 per share, as compared with approximately 96.4 million, or 0.16 per share, for the year
ended March 31, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses until we reach sufficient commercial scale of our product to cover
our operating costs. We cannot be certain when, if ever, we will become profitable. Even if we were to become profitable, we might not
be able to sustain such profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

Because
we may never have net income from our operations, our business may fail. 

We
have no history of revenues and profitability from operations. There can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success
is significantly dependent on uncertain events, including successful development of our technology, establishing satisfactory manufacturing
arrangements and processes, and distributing and selling our products. 

Before
receiving revenues from sales to customers of our products, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing
any revenues. We therefore expect to incur significant losses. If we are unable to generate significant revenues from sales of our products,
we will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. We can provide no assurance that we will generate any revenues or ever achieve
profitability. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will fail, and investors may lose all of their investment
in our Company. 

18 

Our
insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all significant risk exposures. 

We
will be exposed to particular and heightened liabilities as a result of the products we provide. As our products are intended to be ingested
by natural persons, we have a heightened level of liability because a problem with our product is more likely to cause injury than many
other consumer products. In addition, seafood in particular has a higher risk of contamination or causing food-borne illness than many
other types of foods. While we intend to maintain insurance, the amount of our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all claims
or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs resulting from risks and uncertainties of our business. It is also not
possible to obtain insurance to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. The failure to obtain adequate insurance coverage
on terms favorable to us, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We do not have any business interruption insurance. Any business disruption or natural disaster could result in substantial costs and
diversion of resources. 

Our
margins fluctuate, which leads to further uncertainty in our profitability model. 

While
we will have the potential ability to negotiate prices that benefit our clients and affect our profitability as it garners market-share
and increases our book of business, margins in the aquaculture business are fluid, and our margins vary based upon production volume
and the customer. This may lead to continued uncertainty in margins from quarter to quarter. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in Foreign Countries 

Our
operations in foreign countries are subject to political, economic, legal, and regulatory risks. 

The
following aspects of political, economic, legal, and regulatory systems in foreign countries create uncertainty with respect to many
of the legal and business decisions that we make: 

cancellation
 or renegotiation of contracts due to uncertain enforcement and recognition procedures of judicial decisions; 

disadvantages
 of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices
 Act; 

changes
 in foreign laws or regulations that adversely impact our business; 

uncertainty
 regarding tariffs that may be imposed against certain international countries from time-to-time; 

changes
 in tax laws that adversely impact our business, including, but not limited to, increases in the tax rates and retroactive tax claims; 

royalty
 and license fee increases; 

expropriation
 or nationalization of property; 

currency
 fluctuations; 

foreign
 exchange controls; 

import
 and export regulations; 

changes
 in environmental controls; 

business
 interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war, and terrorism or disease outbreaks (such as the outbreak
 of COVID-19); 

risks
 of loss due to civil strife, acts of war and insurrection; and 

other
 risks arising out of foreign governmental sovereignty over the areas in which our operations are conducted. 

Consequently,
our development and production activities in foreign countries may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which
could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial position, and results of operations. Furthermore, in the event of
a dispute arising from our operations in other countries, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts outside the United
States or may not be successful in subjecting non-U.S. persons or entities to the jurisdiction of the courts in the United States, which
could adversely affect the outcome of a dispute. 

19 

The
cost of complying with governmental regulations in foreign countries may adversely affect our business operations. 

We
may be subject to various governmental regulations in foreign countries. These regulations may change depending on prevailing political
or economic conditions. In order to comply with these regulations, we believe that we may be required to obtain permits for producing
shrimp and file reports concerning our operations. These regulations affect how we carry on our business, and in order to comply with
them, we may incur increased costs and delay certain activities pending receipt of requisite permits and approvals. If we fail to comply
with applicable regulations and requirements, we may become subject to enforcement actions, including orders issued by regulatory or
judicial authorities requiring us to cease or curtail our operations or take corrective measures involving capital expenditures, installation
of additional equipment, or remedial actions. We may be required to compensate third parties for loss or damage suffered by reason of
our activities and may face civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. Amendments
to current laws, regulations, and permit requirements governing our operations and activities could affect us in a materially adverse
way and could force us to increase expenditures or abandon or delay the development of shrimp production facilities. 

Our
international operations will involve the use of foreign currencies, which will subject us to exchange rate fluctuations and other currency
risks. 

We
currently have no revenues from international operations. In the future, however, any revenues and related expenses of our international
operations will likely be generally denominated in local currencies, which will subject us to exchange rate fluctuations between such
local currencies and the U.S. dollar. These exchange rate fluctuations will subject us to currency translation risk with respect to the
reported results of our international operations, as well as to other risks sometimes associated with international operations. In the
future, we could experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside of the United States, and there can be no assurance
we will be able, contractually or otherwise, to reduce the currency risks associated with our international operations. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

We
have limited capitalization and may require financing, which may not be available. 

We
have limited capitalization, which increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limits our flexibility
in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry and may place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with
sufficient or excess capitalization. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions, we will be
forced to curtail or abandon our plans or operations. Our ability to obtain financing will depend upon a number of factors, many of which
are beyond our control. 

The
trading of our common stock may have liquidity fluctuations. 

Although
our common stock is listed for quotation on the OTCQB, under the symbol SHMP , and the trading volume of our stock has increased
significantly over the last three calendar years, such liquidity may not continue to be sustainable. As a result, any trading price of
our common stock may not be an accurate indicator of the valuation of our common stock. Any trading in our shares could have a significant
effect on our stock price. If the public market for our common stock declines, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of
our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. No assurance can be given that an active market will
continue or that a stockholder will be able to liquidate their shares of common stock without considerable delay, if at all. Furthermore,
our stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations,
as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations
may adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

20 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes
 in our business or potential earnings estimates; 

our
 ability to obtain adequate working capital financing; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

publication
 (or lack of publication) of research reports about us; 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations, court rulings, enforcement, and legal actions; 

loss
 of any strategic relationships; 

additions
 or departures of key management personnel; 

actions
 by our stockholders (including transactions in our shares); 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

increases
 in market interest rates, which may increase our cost of capital; 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

the
 impact of COVID-19; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; and 

economic
 and other external factors. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

Our
existing stockholders may experience significant dilution from the sale of our common stock pursuant to certain financing agreements. 

The
sale of our common stock pursuant to conversion of preferred stock or other convertible instruments, or pursuant to our equity line financing
will have a dilutive impact on our shareholders. As a result, the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, the lower
our stock price, the greater the impact of dilution under these financing agreements. If our stock price decreases, then our existing
shareholders would experience greater dilution for any given dollar amount raised through such financing. 

The
perceived risk of dilution may cause our stockholders to sell their shares, which may cause a decline in the price of our common stock.
Moreover, the perceived risk of dilution and the resulting downward pressure on our stock price could encourage investors to engage in
short sales of our common stock. By increasing the number of shares offered for sale, material amounts of short selling could further
contribute to progressive price declines in our common stock. 

Our
stock is categorized as a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations which may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Our
stock is categorized as a penny stock , as that term is defined in SEC Rule 3a51-1, which generally provides that penny
stock , is any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than US 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, including Rule 15g-9, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared
by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer
orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s
confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these
rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and reduces the number of potential investors. We believe
that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 

21 

According
to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse.
Such patterns include: (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3)
boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive
and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters
and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices
and with consequent investor losses. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the future volatility of our share
price. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

To
date, we have not paid any cash dividends and no cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we may not have sufficient funds legally available
to pay dividends. Even if the funds are legally available for distribution, we may nevertheless decide not to pay any dividends. We presently
intend to retain all earnings for our operations. 

The
existence of indemnification rights to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and
may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our
bylaws contain indemnification provisions for our directors, officers and employees, and we have entered into indemnification agreements
with our officer and directors. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover
the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant
costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly
discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

If
we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report
our financial results or prevent financial fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial
reporting. 

We
are subject to the risk that sometime in the future, our independent registered public accounting firm could communicate to the board
of directors that we have deficiencies in our internal control structure that they consider to be significant deficiencies. 
A significant deficiency is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will
not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating
results could be harmed. As set forth in this report, as of March 31, 2023, Company management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) based on the criteria for effective
internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Management concluded that, during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Management realized that
there were deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected
it and that management considers to be material weaknesses. Such material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
have not been remedied. 

The
ineffectiveness of NaturalShrimp s internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses, which
are indicative of many small companies with small number of staff: 

Inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 
 
 Lack
 of independent members of the board of directors (as of the balance sheet date) and the absence
 of an audit committee to exercise oversight responsibility related to financial reporting
 and internal control; 
 
 Lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in
 a timely manner; and 
 
 Lack
 of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial
 reporting objectives. 

Company
management continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated,
such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 

The
remediation actions planned include: 

Identify
 gaps in our skills base and the expertise of its staff required to meet the financial reporting
 requirements of a public company; 
 
 Establish
 an independent board of directors and an audit committee to provide oversight for remediation
 efforts and ongoing guidance regarding accounting, financial reporting, overall risks, and
 the internal control environment; 
 
 Retain
 additional accounting personnel with public company financial reporting, technical accounting,
 Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC compliance, and strategic financial
 advisory experience to achieve adequate segregation of duties; and 
 
 Continue
 to develop formal policies and procedures on accounting and internal control over financial
 reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operations on existing controls and procedures. 

Company
management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of its risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements,
as necessary and as funds allow. 

Our
intended business, operations, and accounting, including with respect to the Combined Company if the Business Combination is consummated,
are expected to be substantially more complex than they have been to date. It may be time consuming, difficult, and costly for us to
develop and implement the internal control and reporting procedures required by the Exchange Act. We may need to hire additional financial
reporting, internal control, and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal control and reporting
procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, then we may
not be able to obtain the required independent accountant certifications, which may preclude us from keeping our filings current with
the SEC. 

23 

Further,
a material weakness in the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting could result in an increased chance of fraud and
the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain financing, and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements,
each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. For additional information,
see Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, including as applicable standards governing
internal control are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing
basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting could cause us to face regulatory action and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information,
either of which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

General
Risk Factors Applicable to the Company 

If
we lose our key management and technical personnel, our business may be adversely affected. 

In
carrying out our operations, we rely upon a small group of key management and technical personnel including our Chief Executive Officer
and President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. We currently maintain key man insurance
for Tom Untermeyer as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer. An unexpected partial or total loss of the services of
any of our executive officers could be detrimental to our business. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer does not devote his full time to the Company. 

We
are highly dependent on the services of William Delgado, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Although Mr. Delgado allocates a
significant amount of time to the Company and is active in our management, he does not devote his full time and attention to us. In addition
to his positions with the Company, Mr. Delgado is also President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Eco-Growth
Strategies, Inc., a nutraceutical company developing a range of CBD-based products, and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of Global Digital Solutions, Inc., an SEC reporting company that provides cyber arms technology and complementary security and technology
solutions. Mr. Delgado may also become involved in additional ventures from time to time. 

We
face risks related to COVID-19 that could significantly disrupt our research and development, operations, sales, and financial results,
and other epidemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases may have a similar impact. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization categorized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The spread of the outbreak caused significant disruptions
in the global economy, and the impact may continue to be significant. While the threat level has declined to a significant extent in
the United States and globally and COVID-19 is no longer considered a pandemic, and while our operations were not been materially and
negatively impacted by COVID-19 to date, our business could be adversely impacted by the effects of COVID-19 as well as government efforts
to control or combat it, particularly if there is a resurgence in infections, including as a result of the emergence of new variants
of the virus that causes COVID-19. In addition to global macroeconomic effects, the COVID-19 outbreak, and any other related adverse
public health developments could cause disruption to our operations and manufacturing activities. For example, if governments re-implement
restrictions in an attempt to combat any resurgence of COVID-19, we may experience disruptions to our business operations resulting from
quarantines, self-isolations, or other movement and restrictions on the ability of our employees to perform their jobs that may impact
our ability to develop and design our products and services in a timely manner or meet required milestones. Further, our third-party
equipment manufacturers, third-party raw material suppliers, and consultants have been and may continue to be disrupted by worker absenteeism,
quarantines, and restrictions on employees ability to work, office and factory closures, disruptions to ports and other shipping
infrastructure, border closures, or other travel or health-related restrictions, which could adversely affect our business and operations.
Other epidemics or outbreaks of infectious diseases could have similar impacts on us as well. 

24 

Worldwide
economic and social instability could adversely affect our revenue, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
health of the global economy, and the credit markets and the financial services industry in particular, as well as the stability of the
social fabric of our society, will affect our business and operating results. For example, the credit and financial markets may continue
to be adversely affected by the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine and measures taken in response thereto. If the credit markets
are not favorable, we may be unable to raise additional financing when needed or on favorable terms. Our customers may experience financial
difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability to purchase our products
or to pay for our products on a timely basis, if at all. 

General
inflation, including rising energy prices, and interest rates and wages could have negative impacts on our business by increasing our
operating costs and our borrowing costs as well as decreasing the capital available for our customers to purchase our products. General
inflation in the United States, Europe and other geographies has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. Additionally, inflation
and price volatility may cause our customers to reduce use of our products would harm our business operations and financial position. 

We
need to raise additional funds and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
may consider issuing additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund our business plan, for potential acquisitions or investments,
or for general corporate purposes. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders
may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing
stockholders. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization, requiring
us to pay additional interest expenses. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, in which case, we may not
be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive
pressures. 

As
the owner of real estate, we are subject to risks under environmental laws, the cost of compliance with which and any violation of which
could materially adversely affect us. 

Our
operating expenses could be higher than anticipated due to the cost of complying with existing and future laws and regulations. Various
environmental laws may impose liability on the current or prior owner or operator of real property for removal or remediation of hazardous
or toxic substances. Current or prior owners or operators may also be liable for government fines and damages for injuries to persons,
natural resources, and adjacent property. These environmental laws often impose liability regardless of whether the owner or operator
knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or disposal of the hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of complying with environmental
laws could materially adversely affect our results of operations, and such costs could exceed the value of our applicable facility. In
addition, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to properly manage, dispose of, or remediate such substances,
may adversely affect our ability to use, sell, or rent our property or to borrow using our property as collateral which, in turn, could
reduce our revenue and our financing ability. We have not engaged independent environmental consultants to assess the likelihood of any
environmental contamination or liabilities and have not obtained a Phase I environmental assessment on our properties. Even if we did
obtain a Phase I environmental assessment report, however, such reports are limited in scope and might not reveal all existing material
environmental contamination. 

Risk
Factors Related to the Pending Business Combination with Yotta Acquisition Corporation 

We
may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination. 

In
reaching its determination that the pending Business Combination with Yotta, as discussed above under Item 1 Business, 
the Merger Agreement and the related agreements, and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the related agreements,
were advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and in adopting and approving such matters, our board of
directors considered, among other things: (i) that the Combined Company s common stock would be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq (ii) the implied enterprise value of the Business Combination of approximately 175 million for the Company,
providing its securityholders with the opportunity to go forward with ownership in a company with a larger market capitalization; and
(iii) the board s expectation that the Business Combination would be a more time- and cost-effective means to access capital, repay
a portion of our existing indebtedness, and reduce leverage than other options that the Company had considered. The success of the Business
Combination, however, will depend, in part, on a number of factors, including the challenges and risks currently faced by the Company
as discussed in this report, some of which our outside of our control, and the reaction of current and potential investors to the Business
Combination. As a result, the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer
to realize than expected. 

25 

Stockholder
litigation and regulatory inquiries and investigations are expensive and could harm our operating results and could divert management s
attention. 

In
the past, securities class action litigation and/or stockholder derivative litigation and inquiries or investigations by regulatory authorities
have often followed certain significant business transactions, such as the sale of a company or announcement of any other strategic transaction,
such as the Business Combination. Any stockholder litigation and/or regulatory investigations against the Company, whether or not resolved
in our favor, could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could adversely
affect our business and cash resources and the ultimate value that our stockholders receive as a result of the Business Combination. 

The
market price and trading volume of the Combined Company s common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly following
the Business Combination. 

The
stock markets, including Nasdaq on which the shares of the Combined Company s common stock to be issued in the Business Combination
are expected to be traded, have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Even if an active, liquid, and
orderly trading market develops and is sustained for the Combined Company s common stock following the Business Combination, the
market prices of shares of the Combined Company s common stock may be volatile and could decline significantly. In addition, the
trading volumes in shares of the Combined Company s common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.
If the market prices of the Combined Company s common stock decline significantly, holders of the Combined Company s common
stock, including our stockholders who receive shares of the Combined Company s common stock in the Business Combination, may be
unable to resell their shares of the Combined Company s common stock at or above the market price of the shares of the Combined
Company s common stock as of the date immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination. There can be no assurance
that the market prices of shares of the Combined Company s common stock will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the
future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 

the
 realization of any of the risk factors discussed in this report; 

actual
 or anticipated differences in our estimates, or in the estimates of analysts, for the Combined Company s revenues, results
 of operations, cash flows, level of indebtedness, liquidity, or financial condition; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in the Combined Company s quarterly operating results; 

announcements
 by the Combined Company or its competitors of significant business developments; 

the
 Combined Company s ability to obtain adequate working capital financing; 

loss
 of any strategic relationships; 

actions
 by the Combined Company s stockholders (including transactions in shares of the Combined Company s common stock); 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations, court rulings, enforcement, and legal actions; 

sale
 of shares of the Combined Company s common stock or other securities in the future; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies and general market conditions in our industry; 

publication
 (or lack of publication) of research reports about the Combined Company; 

the
 trading volume of shares of the Combined Company s common stock; 

additions
 or departures of key management personnel; 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

continuing
 increases in market interest rates, which may increase the Combined Company s cost of capital; 

changes
 in our industry; 

actual,
 potential, or perceived control, accounting, or reporting problems; 

26 

changes
 in accounting principles, policies, and guidelines; 

other
 events or factors, including but not limited to those resulting from infectious diseases, health epidemics and pandemics (including
 but not limited to the recent COVID-19 pandemic) natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism, or responses to these events; 

our
 ability to execute the Combined Company s business plan; and 

general
 economic and market conditions. 

In
addition, the securities markets have periodically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of the Combined
Company s common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. If the Combined Company were involved in any similar litigation it could incur substantial costs and its management s attention and resources could be diverted from running the business and implementing
its business plan. 

We
are subject to business uncertainties while the Business Combination is pending. 

Uncertainty
about the effect of the Business Combination on employees, customers, suppliers, and vendors may have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel
pending the consummation of the Business Combination. Additionally, these uncertainties could cause customers, suppliers, vendors, and
others who deal with us to seek to change existing business relationships with us or fail to extend an existing relationship. In addition,
competitors may target our key personnel or other employees by highlighting potential uncertainties relating to or that may result from
the Business Combination. 

Further,
the pursuit of the Business Combination may place a burden on Company management and resources. Any significant diversion of management
attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition process could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations both before and after consummation of the Business Combination. 

If
the Business Combination is not completed, we will have incurred substantial expenses without realizing the expected benefits. 

We
have incurred substantial expenses in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination. The completion
of the Business Combination depends on the satisfaction of specified conditions, including the receipt of the requisite approval of Yotta s
stockholders. There is no guarantee that these conditions will be met. If the Business Combination is not completed, these expenses could
have a material adverse impact on our financial condition because we would not have realized the expected benefits for which these expenses
were incurred. 

Failure
to complete the Business Combination could negatively impact our stock price, business and financial results. 

If
the Business Combination is not completed, our business be adversely affected and we will be subject to several risks, including the
following: 

We
 will be required to pay certain costs relating to the Business Combination, whether or not
 the Business Combination is completed, such as legal and accounting fees; and 
 
 Matters
 relating to the Business Combination may require substantial commitments of management time
 and resources that could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have
 been beneficial to the Company as an independent company. 

In
addition, if the Business Combination is not completed, we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from our
stockholders, customers, and employees. We also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the Business Combination
or to proceedings commenced against us to perform our obligations under the Merger Agreement. 

27 

If
the Business Combination is not completed, we cannot assure our stockholders that the risks described above will not materialize and
will not materially affect our business, financial results, and stock price. 

The
Combined Company will issue shares of its common stock as consideration in the Business Combination and may issue additional shares of
its common stock or other equity or convertible debt securities without approval of the holders of the Combined Company s common
stock, which would dilute then-existing ownership interests and may depress the market price of the Combined Company s common stock. 

The
Combined Company may continue to require capital investment to support its business and may issue additional shares of its common stock
or other equity or convertible debt securities of equal or senior rank in the future without approval of its stockholders in certain
of circumstances. 

The
Combined Company s issuance of additional shares of its common stock or other equity or convertible debt securities would have
the following effects: (i) the Combined Company s existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in the Combined
Company would decrease; (ii) the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease;
(iii) the relative voting power of each previously outstanding shares of the Combined Company s common stock may be diminished;
and (iv) the market price of the Combined Company s common stock may decline. 

There
will be material differences between the current rights of holders of the Company s common stock and the rights former Company
stockholders will have as a holder of the Combined Company s common stock, some of which may adversely affect such stockholders. 

Upon
completion of the Business Combination, the Company s stockholders will no longer be stockholders of the Company but will be stockholders
of the Combined Company. There will be material differences between the current rights of the Company s stockholders and the rights
that current Company stockholders will have as a holder of shares of the Combined Company s common stock, some of which may adversely
affect our current stockholders. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research, publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, or cease publishing research about
the Combined Company, its share price and trading volume could decline significantly. 

The
trading market for the Combined Company s common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about the Combined Company or its business. The Combined Company may be unable to sustain coverage by well-regarded
securities and industry analysts. If either no or only a limited number of securities or industry analysts maintain coverage of the Combined
Company, or if these securities or industry analysts are not widely respected within the general investment community, the demand for
the Combined Company s common stock could decrease, which might cause its share price and trading volume to decline significantly.
In the event that the Combined Company obtains securities or industry analyst coverage, or if one or more of the analysts who cover the
Combined Company downgrade their assessment of the Combined Company or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about the Combined
Company s business, the market price and liquidity for the Combined Company s common stock could be negatively impacted. 

Future
resales of shares of the Combined Company s common stock issued to Company stockholders and other significant stockholders may
cause the market price of the Combined Company s common stock to drop significantly, even if the Combined Company s business
is doing well. 

Pursuant
to lock-up agreements executed concurrently with the Merger Agreement, certain of the Combined Company s stockholders will be restricted,
subject to certain exceptions, from selling any of the Combined Company s common stock that they receive in or hold at the effective
time of the Business Combination, which restrictions will expire and therefore additional Combined Company s common stock will
be eligible for resale, six months after the effective time of the Business Combination. 

28 

Subject
to the lock-up agreements, the Company stockholders that are a party thereto (which are the Company s three executive officers
and directors) may sell the Combined Company s common stock pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 ),
if available. In these cases, the resales must meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule, including, because Yotta
is currently a shell company, waiting until one year after the Combined Company s filing with the SEC of Form 10-type information
reflecting the Business Combination. 

Upon
expiration of the lock-up periods provided for in such agreements, and upon effectiveness of the registration statement that the Combined
Company is obligated to file to register the resale of such shares with the SEC or upon satisfaction of the requirements of Rule 144,
certain former Yotta stockholders and certain other significant stockholders of the Combined Company may sell large amounts of the Combined
Company s common stock in the open market or in privately-negotiated transactions, which could have the effect of increasing the
volatility in the Combined Company s share price or putting significant downward pressure on the price of the Combined Company s
common stock. 

We
do not expect that the Combined Company will pay dividends in the foreseeable future after the Business Combination. 

We
expect that the Combined Company will retain most, if not all, of its available funds and any future earnings after the Business Combination
to fund its operations and the development and growth of its business. As a result, we do not expect that the Combined Company will pay
any cash dividends on the Combined Company s common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Following
completion of the Business Combination, the Combined Company s board of directors will have complete discretion as to whether to
distribute dividends. Even if the board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount, and form of such dividends,
if any, will depend on the future results of operations and cash flow, capital requirements, and surplus, the amount of distributions,
if any, received by the Combined Company from its subsidiaries, the Combined Company s financial condition, contractual restrictions,
and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. There is no guarantee that the shares of the Combined Company s common
stock will appreciate in value after the Business Combination or that the trading price of the shares will not decline. Holders of the
Combined Company s common stock should not rely on an investment in shares of the Combined Company s common stock as a source
for any future dividend income. 

The
existence of indemnification rights to the Combined Company s directors, officers, and employees may result in substantial expenditures
by the Combined Company and may discourage lawsuits against its directors, officers, and employees. 

The
intended bylaws of the Combined Company contain indemnification provisions for its directors, officers, and employees. Such indemnification
obligations could result in the Combined Company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards
against its directors, executive officers, and employees, which it may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may
also discourage the Combined Company from bringing a lawsuit against its directors and executive officers for breaches of their fiduciary
duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by its stockholders against its directors and officers even though
such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit the Combined Company and its stockholders. 

The
Combined Company will be required to meet the initial listing requirements to be listed on Nasdaq. However, the Combined Company may
be unable to maintain the listing of its securities in the future. 

If
the Combined Company fails to meet the continued listing requirements and Nasdaq delists its securities, it could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for its securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the Combined Company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
Applicable. 

29 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal offices are located at 5501 LBJ Freeway, Suite 450, Dallas, Texas 75240, where we pay 7,000 per month under an operating lease
that expires on December 31, 2023, provided, however, that based on rent abatement provisions related to early termination of the lease
agreement, which was originally scheduled to terminate on October 31, 2025, and pre-paid rent, no rental payments will be due for this
office space during calendar year 2023. 

We
intend to rebuild our 8,000 square foot water treatment plant and maintain, own and operate a 40,000 square foot production facility
on 37 acres at 833 County Road 583, La Coste, Texas. 

We
own 344,000 square feet of production facilities consisting of: 

270,000
 square feet on 13 acres at 401 Des Moines Street, Webster City, Iowa; 

50,000
 square feet on 20 acres at 2567 190 th Street, Blairsburg, Iowa; and 

24,000
 square feet on 20 acres at 12282 200 th Street, Radcliffe, Iowa. 

Our
registered agent is Business Filings Incorporated, located at 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, Nevada 89701. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in actions, claims, suits, and other legal proceedings arising in the normal
course of our business. Neither NaturalShrimp nor its subsidiaries are currently a party, nor is any of our property subject, to any actions,
claims, suits, or other legal proceedings the outcome of which, in management s opinion, would, if determined adversely to us, individually
or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets Group quotation system under the symbol SHMP. On June 20,
2023, the closing price of our common stock reported by the OTC Markets was 0.047 per share. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is TranShare Corporation, 15500 Roosevelt Blvd, Suite 302, Clearwater, FL 33760. Their telephone number is (303) 662-1112. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of June 21, 2023, there were approximately 525 shareholders of record of our common stock. As of such date, 867,995,962 shares were issued and outstanding. 

30 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to increase
our working capital and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

There
were no equity compensation plans formally approved by the shareholders of the Company as of March 31, 2023. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
have previously disclosed in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K filed since April 1, 2022, all
sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, during the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we did not repurchase any of our equity securities. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

The
information contained in Item 7 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Actual results may materially differ from those projected
in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties set forth in this report. Although management believes
that the assumptions made and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the
underlying assumptions will, in fact, prove to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in
this report. 

We
desire to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This report
contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management s current views and expectations with respect to our business,
strategies, products, future results and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this report other than statements
of historical fact, including statements addressing operating performance, clinical developments which management expects or anticipates
will or may occur in the future, including statements related to our technology, market expectations, future revenues, financing alternatives,
statements expressing general optimism about future operating results, and non-historical information, are forward looking statements.
In particular, the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, 
 may, variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means
of identifying such statements, and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements
are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below. Our actual results, performance or achievements could
differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed in, anticipated, or implied by these forward-looking statements.
We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect any future events or circumstances. 

Readers
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on management s current expectations and projections
about future events, are not guarantees of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions (including those described
below), and apply only as of the date of this report. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the
results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, the risks to be discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the press releases and other communications
to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our
business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. For additional information regarding forward-looking statements, see Forward-Looking Statements 
at the beginning of this report and our Risk Factors under Item 1A of this report. 

31 

Use
of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP Financial Measures 

We
use United States GAAP financial measures, unless otherwise noted. All of the GAAP financial measures used by us in this report relate
to the inclusion of financial information. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and
the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. All references to dollar amounts in this section are in United States dollars,
unless expressly stated otherwise. 

This
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this
annual report. 

Overview 

We
are an aquaculture technology company that has developed proprietary, patented platform technologies to allow for the production of aquatic
species in an ecologically controlled, high-density, low-cost environment, and in fully contained and independent production facilities
without the use of antibiotics or toxic chemicals. We own and operate indoor recirculating Pacific White shrimp production facilities
in Texas and Iowa using these technologies. 

We were incorporated in July 2008 and acquired substantially all of the assets of NSH, the company that developed the proprietary technology
to grow and sell shrimp potentially anywhere in the world that is now the basis of our business. In 2015 NSH
acquired 88.62 of the issued and outstanding shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock, NSC and NS Global became our wholly-owned subsidiaries,
and we changed our principal business to a global shrimp farming company. 

On
October 5, 2015, we formed NAS with F T, the purpose of which was to jointly develop with F T certain water technologies. 

On
December 17, 2020, we acquired for 10.0 million certain assets from VeroBlue Farms USA, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which assets included
our three current facilities located in Iowa. 

On
May 25, 2021, we purchased certain parent and intellectual property rights from F T and acquired all of its outstanding shares in
NAS, thereby making NAS our wholly-owned subsidiary, for 3.0 million in cash and 13,861,386 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock. 

On
August 25, 2021, through NAS, we entered into an Equipment Rights Agreements with Hydrenesis-Delta Systems, LLC and a Technology Rights
Agreement with Hydrenesis Aquaculture LLC. The Equipment Rights Agreement relates to specialized and proprietary equipment used to produce
and control, dose, and infuse Hydrogas and RLS into both water and other chemical species, while the
Technology Rights Agreement provides us with a sublicense to the rights to Hydrogas and RLS . 

The
Company has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: NSC, NS Global, and NAS, and owns 51 of NaturalShrimp/Hydrenesis LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

Most
of the shrimp consumed in the world today come from shrimp farms that can only produce crops between one and four times per year. Consequently,
the shrimp from these farms requires freezing between crops until consumed. Our system is designed to harvest different tanks each week,
which provides for fresh shrimp throughout the year. We strive to create a niche market of Always Fresh, Always Natural 
shrimp. As opposed to many of the foreign shrimp farms, we can also claim that our product is 100 free of antibiotics. The ability to
grow shrimp locally and year-round allows us to provide this high-end product to upscale restaurant and grocery stores throughout the
world. We rotate the stocking and harvesting of our tanks each week, which allows for weekly shrimp harvests. Our product is free of
pollutants and is fed only the highest-quality feeds. 

32 

We began making regular weekly sales of live shrimp from our Iowa production facility in November 2021 and from our Texas production
facility in June 2022. Although our revenues were initially limited, our gross sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 has increased
significantly. The Company is using its aforementioned platform
technologies to retrofit 344,000 square feet of its existing Iowa facilities that we expect will, once fully operational, produce 18,000
pounds of shrimp per week. We believe that the combined output from our La Coste, Texas and Iowa facilities will be approximately 24,000
pounds of shrimp production per week by the third or fourth calendar quarter of 2023. We can, however, provide no assurances as to how
significant our revenue will be in the next one to two fiscal quarters. 

Recent
Material Events 

Fires
at Texas Facility 

On
March 18, 2020, our research and development plant in La Coste, Texas was destroyed by a fire. The majority of the damage was to our
pilot production plant, which comprised approximately 35,000 square feet of the total size of the production facilities at the La Coste
location, but the fire did not impact the separate greenhouse, reservoirs, or utility buildings. The Company used the proceeds from its
subsequent insurance claim to rebuild a 40,000 square foot production building at the La Coste facility and to repurchase the equipment
needed to replace what was lost in the fire. 

On
July 3, 2022, a building containing our water treatment and purification system in La Coste, Texas (the Water Treatment Plant was completely destroyed in a fire. The Water Treatment Plant is a separate building consisting of approximately 8,000 square feet located
apart from the production building, which was not damaged. The Company received 700,000 from its insurance company for the claim it
filed for the fire damage. The Company used the proceeds from the insurance to acquire and replace necessary equipment that had been destroyed
in the fire. Due to the damage caused by the fire, the Company has written off approximately 1.8 million of the fixed
assets and 325,000 of the accumulated depreciation, which, less the 700,000 insurance settlement, has resulted in the recognition of
a 869,379 loss due to fire for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Resolution
of Gary Shover Litigation 

As
further discussed in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence NaturalShrimp
Holdings, Inc., pursuant to the settlement of a lawsuit filed by Gary Shover, a shareholder of NSH, as of March 31, 2022, the
Company had issued 28,454,901 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock to the NSH shareholders. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we
issued to the NSH shareholders an additional 61,558,203 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock with a fair value of 19,445,284. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Year Ended March 31, 2023 to the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Revenue 

We
had gross sales revenue of 238,685 and 33,765, respectively, during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, an increase of
 204,920, or 607.0 , for fiscal 2023 compared to the prior year. 

Our
increase in gross sales revenue during fiscal 2023 over the prior year was a result of our sale of shrimp to two customers directly
during fiscal 2023 that had been made exclusively through a consultant during fiscal 2022 and the increased production of shrimp
available for sale, which resulted in us being able to sell more shrimp to meet existing demand. With respect to the former, at the
beginning of fiscal 2023 these sales were made to two customers of a consultant to the Company under the terms of a trial
distribution agreement between the consultant and the Company pursuant to which the consultant was to introduce the Company to
customers and assist it in the set-up of ancillary materials used or useful in the delivery of live shrimp, including installation
of necessary equipment and facilities, logistical support, training of staff and packaging necessary for shipment of live shrimp.
After the trial period, the parties could have, but decided not to, negotiate and execute a long-term distribution agreement. We
began receiving orders and billing one of these customers directly in June 2022 and the other in September 2022 

We had
net revenues of 37,832 and 33,765, respectively, during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The increase in net revenues
for fiscal 2023 is the result of the increase in gross sales revenue, offset by the cost of sales in fiscal 2023. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales includes direct costs related to the production and sale of our products, primarily the cost of the
post-larva shrimp that we purchase to grow into our shrimp product at our facilities and the costs of shipping purchase orders to customers.
Cost of sales were 200,853 and 0, respectively, during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

33 

Operating
Expenses 

The
following table summarizes the various components of our operating expenses for each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022: 

Years
Ended 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Salaries and related expenses 
 2,060,237 
 2,292,849 
 
 Stock compensation 
 - 
 43,704,900 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,358,185 
 2,044,001 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses 
 2,415,749 
 2,666,651 
 
 Rent 
 89,524 
 72,417 
 
 Facility operations 
 1,936,296 
 1,097,745 
 
 Research and development 
 190,855 
 407,874 
 
 Depreciation 
 1,795,427 
 1,307,038 
 
 Amortization 
 1,470,000 
 881,500 
 
 Total 
 11,316,273 
 54,474,975 

Operating
expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, decreased by approximately 79.3 as compared to operating expenses for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022, primarily as a result of 43.7 million in stock compensation expense in 2022 compared to no stock
compensation expense in 2022. The 2022 stock compensation expense related almost entirely to the Company s issuance of 250,000
shares of Series F Preferred Stock, for an aggregate of 750,000 shares, on March 1, 2022, to each of its three executive officers,
which resulted in the Company recognizing 43.7 million of stock compensation. The Company issued the shares in consideration of
each executive s past and future services as executive officers of the Company. The Company did not issue any equity compensation during fiscal 2023 and therefore there was no similar expense for
2023. 

Further
decreases during fiscal 2023 compared to the prior fiscal year included approximately 686,000, or 33.6 , in professional fees due
to there being less legal services in the current year compared to the legal services during 2022 related to the Gary Shover legal
settlement, the redemption of our Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and the creation and issuance of the new Series E Preferred
and Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. Additionally, there was a reduction of approximately 53.2 , in Research and development
expenses as a result of progress in production of our shrimp product so that less research and development was necessary during
fiscal 2023, and approximately 10 decrease for both other general and administrative expenses and salaries and wages. Salaries and
related expenses decreased approximately 233,00, or 10.1 , during 2023 compared to 2022, primarily as a result of the bonus for
directors in the prior fiscal year, offset by increased salaries in the current fiscal year. These decreases were partially offset
by increases in facility operations, depreciation, and amortization. Facility operations increased approximately 839,000, or 76.4 ,
based on progress in the production of our goods to be sold, resulting in some of these costs being now recognized in cost of goods
sold. Depreciation increased approximately 488,000, or 37.4 , due primarily to the increase in our fixed assets. Amortization
expense increased 588,500, or 66.8 , as a result of including amortization expense in connection with the patents acquired and the
rights agreements entered into during fiscal 2022 for the full year ended March 31, 2023. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

The
following table summarizes the various components of our other income (expenses) for each of the years ended March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022: 

Year Ended 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,273,353 
 (726,243 
 
 Interest expense related parties 
 (16,022 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 (5,019,883 
 (2,616,364 
 
 Financing costs 
 - 
 (1,904,074 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 811,000 
 (116,000 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 3,568,000 
 1,987,000 
 
 Change in fair value of restructured notes 
 (2,842,132 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 103,200 
 
 Gain on Vero Blue debt settlement 
 - 
 815,943 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 2,383,088 
 - 
 
 Extension fee 
 (575,100 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of accrued expenses 
 124,202 
 - 
 
 Legal settlement 
 - 
 (29,400,000 
 
 Loss due to fire 
 (869,379 
 - 
 
 Total 
 (4,709,579 
 (31,856,538 

34 

Other
expense for the year ended March 31, 2023, decreased significantly from the year ended March 31, 2022, almost entirely as a result of
the legal settlement expense of 29,400,000 that occurred during the year ended March 31, 2022, representing the fair value
of the approximately 93 million shares of NaturalShrimp common stock that we agreed to issue in settlement of the lawsuit filed
by Gary Shover alleging breach of contract for the Company s failure to exchange shares of NaturalShrimp common stock to shareholders
of NSH. 

Interest
expense increased 1.5 million, or 213.0 , during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to the year ended March 31, 2022, as a
result the interest expense on (i) the secured convertible promissory note in the initial amount of 16,320,000.00 to Streeterville Capital, LLC, with an
effective date of December 15, 2021 (the Convertible Note and (ii) the secured promissory note in the aggregate principal
amount of approximately 5.4 million that Streeterville purchased from us on August 17, 2022 (the August Note before and after their restructuring of approximately 2,238,000 for
the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to 497,000 for the year ended March 31, 2022. Additionally, prior to the restructuring
and accounting treatment as an extinguishment during the year ended March 31, 2023, resulting in a removal of the original debt discounts for the
two notes, there was amortization of the recognized debt discounts on the original issuance of the notes through November 4, 2022.
As a result, the amortization of the debt discount was approximately 5.0 million during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to
approximately 2.6 million during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

In
addition, as a result of the restructuring of the Convertible Note and the August Note, which, as noted above, the Company accounted for as an extinguishment
of debt, the Company had a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 2,383,088 during the year ended March 31, 2023. Additionally, as the
Company elected the fair value option under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 825 for the restructured notes to be accounted for at fair value until settled, the fair
value was revalued as of period-end, resulting in the Company recognizing as an expense the 2,842,132 increase in fair value of the
two notes during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

The
 811,000 of income resulting from the change in fair value of derivative liability during the year ended March 31, 2023, was the result
of the decrease in the fair value of the Convertible Note s bifurcated derivative as a result of its restructuring removal of the
convertible feature on November 4, 2022. There was an increase of derivative liability of 116,000 during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

The
Company originally recognized the warrant liability in December 2021 and revaluates it at each period-end. The decrease in the fair value
as of March 31, 2023, resulted in a 3,568,000 recognition as income during the year ended March 31, 2023, compared to a decrease in
fair value as of March 31, 2022, which resulted in 1,987,000 in income during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

The
 869,379 loss due to fire during the year ended March 31, 2023, was the result of the destruction by fire of the Company s building
containing its water treatment and purification system in La Coste, Texas. 

The
Company recognized 575,100 for paying a portion of an extension expense related to the Merger Agreement, as a result of the Business Combination not being closed by the first extension date of January 23, 2023, and the second extension date of April 23, 2023. 

The
Company recognized approximately 2.0 million in financing costs during the year ended March 31, 2022. Such financing costs
consisted mainly of (i) the 1,373,000 fair value of the warrants to purchase 3,739,000 shares of NaturalShrimp common stock that
the Company issued to GHS Investments LLC GHS for its waiver of its right to participate in a stock offering and a
subsequent financing and (ii) a redemption fee of 109,953 in connection with its settlement of a convertible note in April 2021 and
(iii) an extension fee of 249,080 for the Convertible Note for a required uplist date. There were no corresponding costs during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

35 

Liquidity,
Financial Condition and Capital Resources 

At
March 31, 2023, we had cash on hand of 216,465 and a working capital deficit of approximately 9.3 million, compared to cash on
hand of approximately 1.7 million and a working capital deficit of approximately 17.0 million at March 31, 2022. The increase in
working capital for the year ended March 31, 2023, is mainly due to the decrease in the
fair value of the derivative liability due to the removal of the conversion feature in the restructured Convertible Note and a
decrease in fair value of the warrant liability. This was offset by the new promissory notes and related party notes, and an
increase in accounts payable and a decrease in cash on hand. 

Total
current assets were approximately 1,882,000 at March 31, 2023 compared to 4.8 million at March 31, 2022. The decrease in current assets
at March 31, 2023, compared to March 31, 2022, is the result of our approximate 1.5 million use of the cash on hand and the release
of 1.5 million held in an escrow account from the proceeds of our issuance of the Convertible Note as well as an approximately 1.2
million decrease in prepaid expenses, offset by our recognition of legal fees related to the Merger Agreement as deferred offering costs. 

Total current liabilities decreased from 21.8 million at March 31, 2022 to 11.2 million at March 31, 2023 .
The change in current liabilities is mainly the result of removal of the derivative liability of 13.1 million fair value related to
the restructured convertible note and the decrease in the warrant liability fair value of 3.6 million at March 31, 2023, partially offset
by the new notes payable and the increase in accounts payable and other accrued expenses and accrued interest. 

Working
Capital Deficiency 

The
following table summarizes our working capital deficiency at March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current assets 
 1,882,371 
 4,829,141 
 
 Current liabilities 
 11,221,783 
 21,846,261 
 
 Working capital deficiency 
 9,339,412 
 17,017,120 

Current
assets decreased during the year ended March 31, 2023, primarily because of the release during fiscal 2023 of the 1.5 million
escrow account at March 31, 2022, which was related to the proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Note in December 2021,
which was transferred to the Company s cash Also contributing to the decrease in current assets was a decrease in cash as a result of our use of the cash on hand and a decrease of approximately 1.2 million in prepaid expenses. The decrease in
current liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2023, is primarily due to the 13.1 million decrease in the fair value of the
derivative liability related to the removal of the conversion feature in the restructuring of the Convertible Note, as well as the
decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability. This was offset by the issuance of a new 5.0 million promissory note, which
upon its restructuring was treated as an extinguishment and then recognized at its fair value under ASC 825 at approximately 2.2
million and the issuance of 250,000 of notes payable to related parties. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (5,858,646 
 (8,925,244 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,848,447 
 (8,432,465 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,189,518 
 18,935,954 
 
 Net change in cash 
 (1,517,575 
 1,578,245 

Net
cash used in operating activities during the year ended March 31, 2023, was approximately 3.1 million less as compared to the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in cash used is primarily due to the decrease in prepaid expenses and an increase in accrued interest related
to the August Note as well as the interest on the Convertible Note for the full year of fiscal 2023. The increase in the use of deferred offering costs was offset in full by the increase of the accrual of the services
in other accrued expenses. Additionally, there was an increase in
accounts payable during the year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the year ended March 31, 2022, which reflects an additional use of cash during 2023. 

36 

Net
cash used in investing activities during the year ended March 31, 2023, decreased by approximately 6.6 million compared to the year
ended March 31, 2022. During 2023 cash used consisted of the purchase of approximately 2.5 million for machinery and equipment, offset by
the 700,000 received from the insurance company for the fixed assets destroyed by the July 3, 2022 fire. The prior-year s cash spent on investing activities consisted of the 2.0 million of cash in the patent acquisition, 2.4 million in
connection with the sub-license agreement with Hydrenesis Aquaculture LLC, and 1.0 million in the acquisition of shares of the
non-controlling interest, as well as approximately 1.5 million for machinery and equipment and 1.6 million for construction in
process. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities decreased 12.7 million, from 18.9 million during the year ended March 31, 2022 to 6.2 million
during the year ended March 31, 2023. During 2023, the Company received 3.1 million from the sale of shares of its common stock
pursuant to our existing equity line financing agreement with GHS (see Recent Financing Arrangements and
Developments During the Periods GHS Purchase Agreement , below), 1.5 million from the issuance of a new
promissory note, and 250,000 from the issuance of promissory notes to related parties. Additionally, a net amount of 1.5 million
that had been held in escrow from the issuance of the Convertible Note in December 2021 was transferred into cash on hand. During
the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received approximately 17.3 million from the sale of NaturalShrimp common stock and
warrants to purchase common stock and 8.9 million of net proceeds from its issuance of the Convertible Note plus 5.0 million into
an escrow account, partially offset by cash used to pay off the License agreement a previously-outstanding convertible note, notes
payable with related parties and bank loans, and the amount paid for our redemption of outstanding shares of our Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock 

Recent
Financing Arrangements and Developments 

Short-Term
Debt and Lines of Credit 

The
Company has a working capital line of credit with Capital One Bank for 50,000. The line of credit bears an interest rate of prime
plus 25.9 basis points, which totaled 33.9 as of March 31, 2023. The line of credit is unsecured. The balance of the line of credit
was 9,580 at both March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

The
Company also has a working capital line of credit with Chase Bank for 25,000. The line of credit bears an interest rate of prime plus
10 basis points, which totaled 18.0 as of March 31, 2023. The line of credit is secured by assets of the Company s subsidiaries.
The balance of the line of credit is 10,237 as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

GHS
Purchase Agreement 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the GHS Purchase Agreement with GHS pursuant to which
the Company may require GHS to purchase a maximum of up to 64,000,000 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock GHS Purchase Shares based on a total aggregate purchase price of up to 5,000,000 over a one-year term that ends on November 4, 2023. Notwithstanding the
foregoing dollar limitations, the Company and GHS may, from time to time, mutually agree in writing to waive the aforementioned limitations
for a particular purchase of GHS Purchase Shares, which waiver may not exceed the 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation contained in
the GHS Purchase Agreement. NaturalShrimp will control the timing and amount of any sales of GHS Purchase Shares to GHS. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of any GHS Purchase Shares for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

The
purchase price for the GHS Purchase Shares is 90 of the lowest volume-weighted average price during the 10 consecutive business days
immediately preceding, but not including the applicable purchase date. The Company must deliver a number of GHS Purchase Shares equal
to 112.5 of the aggregate purchase amount for any such purchase of GHS Purchase Shares divided by the applicable purchase price per
share. 

If
any default events, as set forth in the GHS Purchase Agreement, has occurred and is continuing, the Company may not require GHS to purchase
any GHS Purchase Shares. 

37 

Further,
pursuant to the terms of the GHS Purchase Agreement, from November 4, 2022 until the later of the Closing and the 12-month anniversary
of the first delivery of GHS Purchase Shares, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of shares of NaturalShrimp
Common Stock or NaturalShrimp Common Stock equivalents for cash, indebtedness, or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent
Financing ), GHS will have the right to participate in any such financing in an amount equal to 100 or, following the Merger,
up to 50 of such financing, on the same terms, conditions and price otherwise provided for in such subsequent financing. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold 52,018,294 shares of its common stock at a net amount of approximately 3,076,000,
at share prices ranging from 0.04 to 0.10, pursuant to the GHS Purchase Agreement. We sold an additional 11,306,351 GHS Purchase Shares after year-end. 

January 2023 Note 

On January 20, 2023, the Company entered into a secured promissory note January
2023 Note with an investor (the Investor ). The January 2023 Note is in the aggregate principal amount of
 631,968. The Note has an interest rate of 10 per annum, with a maturity date nine months from the issuance date of the Note. The
Note carried an original issue discount totaling 56,868, whereby the purchase price is 575,100. All payments made by the Company
under the terms in the note, including upon repayment of this Note at maturity, shall be subject to an exit fee of 15 of the
portion of the outstanding balance being paid. The cash was not transferred to the Company s bank
account, but instead to the merger entity, Yotta, for a contribution to a required extension fee
for the Business Combination. 

Secured
Promissory Note 

On
August 17, 2022, Streeterville purchased from us the August Note. The August Note has an annual interest rate of 12 and was
to mature on May 17, 2023. The August Note carried an original issue discount OID totaling 433,333 and a
transaction expense amount of 10,000, both of which are included in its principal balance. At issuance the Company received 1.1
million, with 3.9 million put into escrow to be held until certain terms are met, which includes 3.4 million upon the listing of
the NaturalShrimp Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE or Nasdaq. The August Note also provided that if
the Company did not effect the listing of the NaturalShrimp Common Stock by November 15, 2022, the then-current outstanding balance
on the August Note increased by 10 , and that following such listing, while the August Note was still outstanding, 10 days after the
Company sold any shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock or NaturalShrimp Preferred Stock, it would have been required to make a
mandatory prepayment on the August Note equal to the greater of 3.0 million or 33 of the gross proceeds of such equity sale. The
August Note is secured by all of the assets of the Company. All payments made by the Company on the note, including upon repayment
at maturity, is subject to an exit fee of 15 of the portion of the outstanding balance being paid. 

In
conjunction with the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a Restructuring Agreement with respect to the August Note through which
the August Note was amended and restated in its entirety. The Restructuring Agreement included key modifications, in which (i) the uplist
terms were removed, (ii) in the event that the Closing does not occur on or before December 31, 2022, the then-current outstanding balance
will be increased by 2 and will increase by 2 every 30 days thereafter until the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement, and
(iii) the outstanding balance of the August Note may be increased by 5 to 15 upon the occurrence of an event of default or failure
to obtain Streeterville s consent or notify Streeterville for certain major equity related transactions. The Business Combination has not yet
closed, and therefore the outstanding balance on the August Note increased by 2 per month, in the amount of approximately 144,000,
as of March 31, 2023. 

We
analyzed the restructured August Note under ASC 470-50 as to whether the change in terms qualified as a modification or an extinguishment
of the note. The changes in terms were considered an extinguishment as the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new
debt instrument was evaluated to be a substantial change, as over 10 difference from the present value of the remaining cash flows under
the terms of the original instrument. As such, with the removal of the original note and its debt discount and accrued interest as compared
to the restructured note with a fair value of approximately 1.9 million, there was a loss in extinguishment of approximately 157,000.
As a result of the extinguishment and at the Company s election of the fair value option under ASC 825, the August Note will be
accounted for at fair value until it is settled. In accordance with ASC 815- 15-25-1(b), a hybrid instrument that is measured at fair
value under ASC 825 fair value option each period with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur should not be evaluated
for embedded derivatives. Therefore, we did not evaluate the provisions in the August Note as to whether it fell under the guidance of
embedded derivatives and was required to be bifurcated. We revalued the August Note as of March 31, 2023 at approximately 2.4 million,
with a change in fair value of approximately 467,000 recognized in the Company s Statement of Operations. 

38 

Promissory
Note related parties 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company entered into a loan agreement for an aggregate of 300,000 with six related parties, which is to be considered
priority debt of the Company. As of the date of this report, five of the related parties have entered into promissory notes under the
loan agreement for 50,000 each, for a total of cash received of 250,000. The notes bear interest at 10 per annum and are due one
year from the date of the note. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the interest expense was 22,270. 

Convertible
Note 

We
issued the Convertible Note in December 2021. The Convertible Note had an annual interest rate of 12 and matured on December 15,
2023. The Convertible Note carried an OID totaling 1.3 million and a transaction expense amount of 20,000, both of which were
included in the principal balance of the Convertible Note. The Convertible Note had 2.0 million in debt issuance costs, including
fees paid in cash of 1.1 million and warrants to purchase 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock that we issued to
the placement agents with a fair value of 940,000. The warrant fair value was estimated using the Black Scholes Model, with the
following inputs: the price of the common stock of 0.32; a risk-free interest rate of 1.19 ; the expected volatility of the common
stock of 209.9 ; the estimated remaining term; and a dividend rate of 0 . We classified the warrants as a liability, as it was not
known if there would be sufficient authorized shares to be issued upon settlement, based on the conversion terms of the convertible
debt. 

The
Company was required to obtain an effective registration statement or a supplement to any existing registration statement or
prospectus with the SEC registering at least 15.0 million in shares of NaturalShrimp common stock for Streeterville s benefit
such that any redemption using shares of NaturalShrimp common stock could be done using registered shares of NaturalShrimp common stock. Additionally, the Company was required, as soon as reasonably possible following the issuance of the Convertible Note, to
cause the Company s common stock to be listed for trading on either NYSE or Nasdaq. In the event the Company did not effectuate
such listing by March 1, 2022, the then-current outstanding balance would be increased by 10 . On February 7, 2022, the Company and
Streeterville entered into an amendment to the SPA, which extended the date by which the Uplist must be completed to April 15, 2022.
In consideration of the grant of the extension an extension fee of 249,079 was added to the principal balance, which we recognized
as a financing cost. Subsequently, the date by which the listing had to be completed was further extended to June 15, 2022, and
again to November 15, 2022, with no additional fee included. The Company must make a one-time payment to Streeterville equal to 15 
of the gross proceeds that the Company receives from the offering expected to be effected in connection with the listing (whether
from the sale of shares of its common stock and / or preferred stock) within 10 days of receiving such
amount. In the event that the Company does not make this payment, the then-current outstanding balance will be increased by 10 . The
Convertible Note also contains certain negative covenants and events of default. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, at its
option and sole discretion, Streeterville may consider the Convertible Note immediately due and payable. Upon such an event of
default, the annual interest rate on the Convertible Note will increase to 18 and the outstanding balance will increase from 5 to
15 , depending upon the specific event of default. 

39 

In
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Company and Streeterville entered into Restructuring Agreement dated as of
November 4, 2022, pursuant to which the Convertible Note was amended and restated, and the Company issued to Streeterville and
Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note that amended and replaced the Convertible Note (the Restructured Senior
Note ), that: (i) eliminated the conversion feature of the Convertible Note; (ii) provides that within three trading days of
the closing of the Business Combination, NaturalShrimp as
the surviving entity in its merger with Merger Sub as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yotta will pay Streeterville an amount
equal to the lesser of (A) one-third of the amount (calculated prior to any deductions for any broker, underwriter, legal,
accounting or other fees) retained in Yotta s Trust Account (the Trust Account at the effective time of the Business Combination or (B)
 10,000,000, in order to repay a portion of the outstanding balance of the Restructured Senior Note; (iii) provide that the
remaining balance of the Restructured Senior Note must be repaid in equal monthly installments over a 12-month period beginning on
the second month immediately following either the closing date of the Business Combination or the termination of the Merger Agreement, but in no case later than
June 30, 2024; and (iv) provides that if the closing date of the Business Combination is after December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of all indebtedness
owed by NaturalShrimp to Streeterville will be increased automatically by 2 and will automatically increase by 2 every 30 days
thereafter until the closing of the Business Combination or the termination of the Merger Agreement. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Business Combination had not yet closed, and therefore the outstanding balance of the Restructured Senior Note increased 2 
per month, in the amount of approximately 1,336,000 as of March 31, 2023. 

We
analyzed the Restructured Senior Note under ASC 470-50 as to if the changes in terms qualified as a modification or an extinguishment
of the note. The changes in terms were considered an extinguishment as the conversion feature has been eliminated and therefore the Restructured
Senior Note is determined to be fundamentally different from the original Convertible Note. As such, with the removal of the Convertible
Note and its debt discount and accrued interest as compared to the Restructured Senior Note with a fair value of approximately 18.9
million, there was a gain in extinguishment of approximately 2.5 million. As a result of the extinguishment and at the Company s
election of the fair value option under ASC 825, we will account for the Restructured Senior Note at fair value every period end until
it is settled. In accordance with ASC 815- 15-25-1(b) a hybrid instrument that is measured at fair value under ASC 825 fair value option
each period with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur should not be evaluated for embedded derivatives. Therefore,
we did not evaluate the provisions in the Restructured Senior Note as to whether they fell under the guidance of embedded derivatives
and were required to be bifurcated. We revalued the Restructured Senior Note as of March 31, 2023 at approximately 21.3 million, with
a change in fair value of approximately 2.4 million recognized in the Company s Statement of Operations. 

Series
E Preferred Stock and Warrant 

On
November 22, 2021, we sold to an accredited investor 1,500 shares of Series E Preferred at a price of 1,000 per share and a warrant to purchase up to 1,500,000 shares of NaturalShrimp common stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, subject to adjustment
as set forth therein, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.5 million. We received approximately 1.4 million in net proceeds after deducting
the commission of Joseph Gunnar Co., LLC (the placement agent) and other estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. We
issued warrants to purchase 334,116 shares of our common stock to the placement agent as placement agent fees. 

Share Exchange Agreement and Redemption 

On
April 14, 2021 the Company, entered into a share exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with a holder of the
Company s Series D Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), whereby, at the
closing of the Offering, the Holder agreed to exchange an aggregate of 3,600 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock into 3,739.63 shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 (the
 Series E Preferred Stock ). The exchange was completed on April 15, 2021. In accordance with ASC 260-10-S99-2,
exchanges of preferred stock that are considered to be extinguishments are to be accounted for as a redemption. Therefore, the
difference between the fair value of the Series E Preferred Stock transferred to the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock and the
carrying amount of the Series D Preferred Stock immediately prior to the exchange, which was 3,258,189, was accounted for in a
manner similar to a dividend. 

40 

On
June 16, 2022, one of the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock chose to exercise their right, pursuant to the
Certificate of Designation relating to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, to receive the rights extended to the convertible
noteholder of 90 multiplied by the average of the two lowest volume weighted average price per share of the Company s common
stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion. As the exercise of the conversion price adjustment
was similar to a down round, and the Company has not yet adopted ASU 2020-06, the accounting treatment of ASU 2017-11 was applied,
whereby the adjustment was treated as a contingent beneficial conversion feature recognized as of the triggering date. As of June
16, 2022, this holder held 940 shares of the Series E Preferred Stock. The Company analyzed the conversion feature under ASC 470-20,
 Debt with conversion and other options, and based on the market price of the common stock of the Company as compared
to the conversion price, determined there was a 99,000 beneficial conversion feature to recognize, which was fully amortized as
there is no remaining redemption date to their Series E Preferred Stock. The additional rights of the convertible note that were
applied include the 10 increase in the outstanding balance if an uplist to a national exchange was not consummated by the Company
by March 1, 2022, for an increase of 130 shares of Series E Preferred Stock with a stated value of 156,000, as well as an exit fee
of 15 to be recognized upon conversions of the shares of Series E Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. As of March 31,
2023, 170 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were outstanding to this holder. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, 1,300 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were converted into 14,458,127 shares of common stock. During
the year ended March 31, 2022, 2,400 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were converted into 8,228,572 shares of common stock. As of March
31, 2023 there were 1,670 shares of Series E Preferred Stock remaining outstanding. 

On
November 5, 2022, the Company entered a restructuring agreement with the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock whereby the Series
E Preferred Stock and the warrants outstanding, including all holders of the warrants (in Note 13 in the consolidated financial
statement footnotes) as of the closing date of the Business Combination will have their terms adjusted. The outstanding warrants
will be (i) cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the fair value of the warrants based on the Black Scholes model, with
the exercise price to be adjusted to equal 80 of the average volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the
five trading day period immediately prior to the closing date of the Business Combination (the Adjusted Exercise Price or (ii) as of the
effective time of the Business Combination, canceled and treated as if exercised for that number of shares of the Company s common stock calculated using
the Black Scholes model fair value, the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants on the closing date of the Business Combination and the Adjusted Exercise Price, with the
shares of the Company s common stock that would have been due to the holder as a result of such exercise of the warrant treated as
if issued to the holder and then converted into the right to receive (A) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) plus (B) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if any, at the time
and subject to the contingencies set forth in the Merger Agreement. The shares of Series E Preferred Stock that are outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination will be canceled and treated as if converted into that number of shares of the
Company s common stock equal to (i) the stated value of 1,200 per share plus any unpaid dividends, multiplied by 1.25,
divided by (ii) 80 of the average volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the five trading day
period immediately prior to the closing date of the Business Combination. The shares of the Company s common stock that would have been due to the holder
as a result of the conversion of such shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock will be treated as issued to holder and
converted, as of the effective time of the Business Combination, into the right to receive (y) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration plus (z) the
Additional Per Share Merger Consideration, if any, at the time and subject to the contingencies set forth in the Merger
Agreement. 

Waiver 

On
April 14, 2021, NaturalShrimp entered into a securities purchase agreement with GHS to sell to GHS:
(i) 9,090,909 shares of NaturalShrimp common stock at a price per share of 0.55; (ii) warrants to purchase up to 10,000,000 shares of
NaturalShrimp common stock, at an exercise price of 0.75 per share; and (iii) 1,000,000 shares of NaturalShrimp common stock with a value
(although no purchase price will be paid) of 0.65 per share, pursuant to which, until April 14, 2022, GHS had a right to participate
in any subsequent financing that we conducted. 

On
November 22, 2021, NaturalShrimp and GHS entered into a waiver whereby GHS agreed to waive its right to participate in the
above-described offering and to participate in a possible debt financing. GHS also agreed to waive its right, pursuant to the
Certificate of Designation for the Series E Preferred Stock, to exchange its shares of Series E Preferred Stock for securities
issued in the debt financing, if the Company enters into such financing. 

41 

In
consideration for GHS entering into the waiver, we lowered the exercise price of the warrants we had previously issued to GHS to 0.35 per share and issued
to GHS warrants to purchase 3,739,000 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share. 

Notes
Payable 

On
December 15, 2020, in connection with the asset acquisition from VeroBlue Farms, the Company entered into two notes payable with a third
party. The first note, in the principal amount of 3.0 million, was payable in 36 months with interest thereon at an annual rate of 5 ,
interest only payable quarterly on the first day of the quarter, with the remaining balance to be paid as a balloon payment on the maturity
date. The second note, in the principal amount of 2.0 million, was payable in 48 months with an annual interest rate of 5 , interest
only payable quarterly on the first day of the quarter, with the remaining balance to be paid as a balloon payment on the maturity date.
On December 23, 2021, the Company paid off the two notes, for a discount of 4.5 million, and recognized a gain on settlement of note,
including accrued interest, of 815,943. 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note to Ms. Williams in the amount of 383,604 to settle the amounts that had been recognized
per the separation agreement with the late Mr. Bill Williams, a former officer and director of the Company, dated August 15, 2019, for
his portion of the related party notes and related accrued interest, and accrued compensation and allowances. The note bears interest
at an annual rate of 1.0 and requires monthly payments of 8,000 until the balance is paid in full. The balance as of March 31, 2023
and 2022 was 119,604 and 215,604, respectively, with 96,000 classified in current liabilities. 

Going
Concern and Management Liquidity Plans 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern. For the year ended March 31,
2023, the Company had a net loss available for common stockholders of approximately 17,497,000. As of March 31, 2023, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of approximately 167,533,000 and a working capital deficit of approximately 9,339,000. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the issuance date of
this report. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to raise the required additional
capital or debt financing to meet short and long-term operating requirements. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company
received net cash proceeds of approximately 3,076,000 from the sale of shares of its common stock and 1,715,000
proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes. 

42 

The
Company is currently in the process of obtaining the requisite approvals to close the Business Combination. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company is expecting to obtain funding for their
operations through the cash held in the Trust Account, in addition to any back-stop financing that Yotta may need to
pursue in the event that the Trust Account does not have sufficient funds available after redemptions. The Company can provide no assurance
that the transactions with Yotta will be successful or that, even if the Business Combination is successful, that there will be sufficient
funds available from such transaction. The Company may also encounter business endeavors that require significant cash commitments or
unanticipated problems or expenses that could result in a requirement for additional cash. If the Company raises additional funds through
the issuance of equity, the percentage ownership of its current shareholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to its common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If
adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to take advantage of prospective
business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict its operations. The Company continues to pursue
external financing alternatives to improve its working capital position. If the Company is unable to obtain the necessary capital, the
Company may be unable to develop its future planned facilities and, concomitantly, increase its shrimp production. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements included in this report do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to obtain additional financing as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability. If the Company raises additional funds through
the issuance of equity, the percentage ownership of current stockholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to the rights, preferences, and privileges of the NaturalShrimp Common Stock. Additional financing may not be available
upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be
able to take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict its future
plans for developing its business and achieving commercial revenues. 

Future
Financing 

We
will require additional funds to implement our growth strategy for our business. In addition, while we have received capital from various
private placements that have enabled us to fund our operations, these funds have been largely used to develop our processes, although
additional funds are needed for other corporate operational and working capital purposes. Not including funds needed for capital expenditures
or to pay down existing debt and trade payables, however, we anticipate that we will need to raise an additional 2.5 million to cover
all of our capital and operational expenses over the next 12 months, not including any capital expenditures needed as part of any commercial
scale-up of our equipment. These funds may be raised through equity financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result in
further dilution in the equity ownership of the NaturalShrimp Common Stock. There can be no assurance that additional financing will
be available to us when needed or, if available, that such financing can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not
able to obtain the additional necessary financing on a timely basis, or if we are unable to generate significant revenues from operations,
we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due, and we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the periods presented. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. We believe that the accounting policies below are critical for one to fully
understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

43 

Fair
Value Measurement 

The
fair value measurement guidance clarifies that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement
that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in the valuation of an asset or liability. It establishes
a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under the fair value measurement guidance
are described below: 

Level
1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level
2 - Quoted prices in markets that are not active, or inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the
full term of the asset or liability; or 

Level
3 - Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (supported
by little or no market activity). 

The
derivative and warrant liabilities are Level 3 fair value measurements. 

Basic
and Diluted Earnings/Loss per Common Share 

Basic
and diluted earnings or loss per share EPS amounts in the consolidated financial statements are computed in accordance
with ASC 260 10 Earnings per Share , which establishes the requirements for presenting EPS. Basic EPS is based on
the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income or loss available to common stockholders
(numerator) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding (denominator) during the period. For the year ended
March 31, 2023, the Company had 5,000,000 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which would be converted at the holder s option
into approximately 803,124,000 underlying common shares, 1,500 of Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately
5,143,000 underlying shares are convertible at the investors option at a fixed conversion price of 0.35 and 170 shares of Series
E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately 3,192,000 underlying shares are convertible at the investors option
at conversion price of 90 of the average of the two lowest market prices over the last 10 days, 750,000 shares of Series F Preferred
Stock which would be converted at the holders option into approximately 192,750,000 underlying common shares, and 18,573,116 warrants
outstanding which were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended March
31, 2022, the Company had 5,000,000 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which would be converted at the holder s option into approximately
674,832,000 underlying common shares, 2,840 of Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately 9,737,000 underlying
shares are convertible at the investors option at a fixed conversion price of 0.35, 750,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock
which would be converted at the holders option into approximately 162,080,000 underlying common shares, and approximately 18,768,000
in a convertible debenture whose approximately 98,779,000 underlying shares are convertible at the holders option at conversion
price of 90 of the average of the two lowest market prices over the last 10 days and 18,573,116 warrants outstanding which were not
included in the calculation of diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets and Long-lived Assets 

The
Company will periodically evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used when events and circumstances warrant
such a review and at least annually. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired when the anticipated undiscounted
cash flow from such asset is separately identifiable and is less than its carrying value. In that event, a loss is recognized based on
the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the long-lived asset. Fair value is determined primarily using the anticipated
cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Losses on long-lived assets to be disposed of are determined in
a similar manner, except that the fair values are reduced for the cost to dispose. 

44 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and,
as such, the Company records revenue when its customers obtain control of the promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the
consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company will sell primarily to food service
distributors, as well as to wholesalers, retail establishments and seafood distributors. 

To
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs
the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company,
which includes a required line of credit approval process, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, which includes shipment
of goods to the customer FOB shipping point or destination, (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order
received from the customer and confirmation sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any, (4) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract which is the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction
price determined in step 3 above and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation, which is when
the Company transfers control of the goods to the customers by shipment or delivery of the products. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470- 20) and Derivatives and Hedging
- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities
and equity. This ASU: (1) simplifies the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock by removing the existing
guidance in ASC 470-20, Debt: Debt with Conversion and Other Options, that requires entities to account for beneficial conversion features
and cash conversion features in equity, separately from the host convertible debt or preferred stock; (2) revises the scope exception
from derivative accounting in ASC 815-40 for freestanding financial instruments and embedded features that are both indexed to the issuer s
own stock and classified in stockholders equity, by removing certain criteria required for equity classification; and (3) revises
the guidance in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, to require entities to calculate diluted EPS for convertible instruments
by using the if-converted method. In addition, entities must presume share settlement for purposes of calculating diluted EPS when an
instrument may be settled in cash or shares. For SEC filers, excluding smaller reporting companies, ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier
than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. For all other entities, ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Entities should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of the
fiscal year of adoption and cannot adopt the guidance in an interim reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that ASU 2020-06 may have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were several new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB. Each of these
pronouncements, as applicable, has been or will be adopted by the Company. Management does not believe the adoption of any of these accounting
pronouncements has had or will have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
Applicable. 

45 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures,
our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon
that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal
financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

46 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the
criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on this assessment, management has determined that the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 was not effective. Management realized that there were deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal control over financial
reporting that adversely affected it and that management considers to be material weaknesses. Such material weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting have not been remedied. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses, which are indicative of
many small companies with small number of staff: 

Inadequate
 segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 

Lack
 of independent board of directors (as of the balance sheet date) and absence of an audit committee to exercise oversight responsibility
 related to financial reporting and internal control; 

Lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in a timely manner; and 

Lack
 of documentation on policies and procedures that are critical to the accomplishment of financial reporting objectives. 

Management
continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such
that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. 

The
remediation actions planned include: 

Identify
 gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company;

Establish
 an independent board of directors and an audit committee (which the company intends to implement at the time of the completion of
 the Business Combination) to provide oversight for remediation efforts and ongoing guidance regarding accounting,
 financial reporting, overall risks and the internal control environment; 

Retain
 additional accounting personnel with public company financial reporting, technical accounting, SEC compliance, and strategic financial
 advisory experience to achieve adequate segregation of duties; and 

Continue
 to develop formal policies and procedures on accounting and internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness
 of operations on existing controls and procedures. 

Our
management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls
and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements
or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules
of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report, which may increase
the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

47 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below are the present directors and executive officers of the Company. Except as set forth below, there are no other persons who
have been nominated or chosen to become directors, nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers.
Other than as set forth below, there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant
to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Since 
 
 Gerald
 Easterling 
 
 75 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 2015 
 
 William
 Delgado 
 
 64 
 
 Treasurer,
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 2014 
 
 Tom
 Untermeyer 
 
 64 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 2019 
 
 William
 Steven Walker 
 
 72 
 
 General
 Counsel and Secretary 
 
 2022 

The
Board of Directors is comprised of only one class. All of the directors serve for a term of one year and until their successors are elected
at the Company s annual shareholders meeting and are qualified, subject to removal by the Company s shareholders. Each executive
officer serves, at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, for a term of one year and until his successor is elected at a meeting of
the Board of Directors and is qualified. 

Our
Board of Directors believes that all members of the Board and all executive officers encompass a range of talent, skill, and experience
sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance with respect to our operations and interests. The information below with respect to
our directors and executive officers includes each individual s experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led our
Board of Directors to the conclusion that he or she should serve as a director and/or executive officer. 

Biographies
of Executive Officers and Directors 

Set
forth below are brief accounts of the business experience during at least the past five years of each director and executive officer of the Company. 

Gerald
Easterling Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Mr. Easterling has served as President
and a director of the Company since January 2015 and as its Chief Executive Officer since August 2019. He also co-founded and has served
as President and a director of NSH since its inception in 2001. Mr. Easterling has over 40 years experience in the food business
and related industries. From 1995 to 2001, Mr. Easterling was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Excel Vending Companies,
headquartered in Austin, Texas, which utilized the Caf Quick patented customer automated fast food vending equipment. He was co-founder
and served as President and a Director of Cafe Quick Enterprises, Inc., a Dallas-headquartered company that designed, developed, and patented
both packaging and the Caf Quick automated fast food vending equipment. Caf Quick licensed the patented technology manufacturing
rights both domestically and internationally, from 1988 to 2008. Mr. Easterling has also served as a member of the board of directors
of NSC and NS Global since 2001. 

Our
Board of Directors believes that Mr. Easterling is qualified to serve as a director because of his business experience, including
his experience as a director of companies in industries similar to those as the Company, as described above. 

48 

William
J. Delgado Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Mr. Delgado has served as Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company since July 2015 and as a Director since May 2014. He also served as President of the Company
from May 2014 through January 2015. Mr. Delgado has served as a Director of Global Digital Solutions, Inc. GDSI ), a publicly
traded company that provides cyber arms technology and complementary security and technology solutions, since 2005 and as its Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board since May 2016. He also previously served as GDSI s President and Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer from August 2004 to August 2013 and as its Executive Vice President in charge of business development from August
2013 to May 2016. He has also served as the President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Eco-Growth Strategies,
Inc., a nutraceutical company developing a range of CBD-based products, since May 2007. 

Mr. Delgado began his career with Pacific
Telephone in the Outside Plant Construction. He later transferred to their network engineering group and concluded his career at Pacific
Bell as the Chief Budget Analyst for the Northern California region. Prior to that, in 1991 Mr. Delgado founded and served as President
of All Star Telecom, specializing in Open Settlement Protocol construction and engineering and systems cabling. All Star Telecom was sold
to International FiberCom, which provided a wide variety of services and equipment to the telecommunications, cable television and other
related industries, in 1999 and Mr. Delgado served as Executive Vice President of International FiberCom until 2002. Thereafter, Mr. Delgado
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Pacific Comtel in San Diego, California, a provider of structured cabling design, installation,
and maintenance for companies, governments, and educational institutions, that was acquired by GDSI in 2004. Mr. Delgado holds a BS with
honors in Applied Economics from the University of San Francisco and Graduate studies in Telecommunications Management at Southern Methodist
University. 

Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Delgado is qualified to serve on our board because of his business experience, including his experience in
management and as a director of public companies including GDSI and International FiberCom, as described above. 

Thomas
Untermeyer Chief Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Director 

Mr. Untermeyer co-founded NSH
and invented the initial technology behind its computer-controlled shrimp-raising system acquired by the Company in 2015 and that forms
the core of its business. He has served as a director of the Company since September 2020, as its Chief Operating Officer since September
2019, its Chief Technology Officer since January 2015, and as its Secretary from September 2020 through February 2021. Prior to the Company s
acquisition of NSH in 2015 he had been an engineering consultant to NSH since 2001. From 1981 to 2017 Mr. Untermeyer served as a Senior
Program Manager with Southwest Research Institute, an independent and nonprofit applied research and development organization in San Antonio,
Texas. His business experience includes systems engineering, program development, and technical management. Mr. Untermeyer has spent his
entire career in the process of defining, designing, and developing electronic products and systems for both commercial and government
clients. This has included small design programs to large multi-million dollar programs involving large multidisciplinary teams composed
of software, electrical, and mechanical engineers. Mr. Untermeyer holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from St. Mary s
University. 

Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Untermeyer is qualified to serve on the board because of his technical expertise
and historical knowledge of our business. 

William
Steven Walker General Counsel and Secretary 

Mr.
Walker was licensed in the State of Texas in November 1976 and has been engaged in the private practice of law since March 1983.
Since 1983, Mr. Walker has been a solo practitioner specializing in corporate law, oil and gas transactions and litigation. Mr.
Walker has served as the Company s General Counsel since July 2022 and Secretary since February 2021. He served as the original General Counsel of NSH from
2001 to 2015 and on its board of directors from 2001 to 2015. Mr. Walker brings a wide range of experience to the Company and also
has historical knowledge of the Company s history. Mr. Walker is a graduate of the University of Texas and received his law
degree from Saint Mary University School of Law. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no other family relationships between or among any of our directors and executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in
Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Meetings
of the Board; Committees 

Our
Board of Directors held one formal meeting in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Otherwise, all proceedings of the Board of
Directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of
the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the
directors are, according to the Nevada Revised Statutes and the bylaws of our Company, as valid and effective as if they had been
passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. We do not presently have a policy regarding director attendance at
meetings. 

49 

We
do not currently have a standing audit, nominating or compensation committee of the Board of Directors, or any committee performing similar
functions. Our Board of Directors performs the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Board of Directors has not established a separate audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. Instead,
the entire Board of Directors acts as the audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act and will continue
to do so until such time as a separate audit committee has been established. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

We
currently have not designated anyone as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K, as we have not yet created an audit committee of the Board of Directors. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the
SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish
us with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). To our knowledge, based solely on a review of reports furnished
to it, our officers, directors and ten percent holders have made all the required filings. 

Nominations
to the Board of Directors 

Our
directors play a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Board candidates are considered
based upon various criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a global business and social
perspective, concern for the long-term interests of the stockholders, diversity, and personal integrity and judgment. 

In
addition, directors must have time available to devote to Board activities and to enhance their knowledge in the growing business. Accordingly,
we seek to attract and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to their substantial duties and responsibilities
to the Company. 

In
carrying out its responsibilities, the Board will consider candidates suggested by stockholders. If a stockholder wishes to formally
place a candidate s name in nomination, however, he or she must do so in accordance with the provisions of the Company s
Bylaws. Suggestions for candidates to be evaluated by the proposed directors must be sent to the Board of Directors, c/o NaturalShrimp
Incorporated, 5501 LBJ Freeway, Suite 450, Dallas, Texas 75240. 

Director
Nominations 

As
of March 31, 2023, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board
of Directors. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role on Risk Oversight 

Gerald
Easterling currently serves as our Principal Executive Officer and President and CEO. We have determined that our leadership
structure was appropriate for the Company due to our small size and limited operations and resources. The Board of Directors will continue
to evaluate the Company s leadership structure and modify as appropriate based on the size, resources and operations of the Company.
It is anticipated that the Board of Directors will establish procedures to determine an appropriate role for the Board of Directors in
our risk oversight function. 

50 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
interlocking relationship exists between our board of directors and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company,
nor has any interlocking relationship existed in the past. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of ethics that governs our employees, officers and directors. A copy of such code of ethics is available
upon written request to the Company. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

General
Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and administering the Company s executive and director compensation. 

The
following summary compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned from the Company during the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022 by our current principal executive officer and each of the other two highest paid executives whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during those years. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 Awards (4) 
 All
 Other Compen- sation 
 Total 
 
 Gerald Easterling, 
 2023 
 180,000 
 - 
 - 
 14,385 
 194,385 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and CEO (1) 
 2022 
 206,836 
 300,000 
 14,537,333 
 14,385 
 15,058,554 

William Delgado, 
 2023 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 160,000 
 
 CFO (2) 
 2022 
 146,667 
 300,000 
 14,537,333 
 - 
 14,984,000 

Tom Untermeyer, 
 2023 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 8,910 
 168,910 
 
 COO, CTO (3) 
 2022 
 250,667 
 300,000 
 14,537,333 
 14,385 
 15,102,385 

(1) 
 Mr. Easterling is entitled
 to receive medical insurance reimbursement, of which 5,590 and 17,834 was paid during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
 2022, respectively, and 2,795 was accrued at March 31, 2023. Mr. Easterling is also entitled to an automobile allowance of 500
 per month, of which 4,000 was paid during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2,000 was accrued for March 31, 2023. As of
 March 31, 2023,
 Mr. Easterling was owed 52,500 for accrued and unpaid wages. On March 1, 2022, Mr. Easterling was issued 250,000 shares of Series
 F Preferred Stock with a fair value of 14,537,333. 

51 

(2) 
 As
 of March 31, 2023, Mr. Delgado was owed 46,667 for accrued and unpaid wages. On March 1, 2022, Mr. Delgado was issued 250,000 shares
 of Series F Preferred Stock with a fair value of 14,537,333. 

(3) 
 As
 of March 31, 2023 and 2022, Mr. Untermeyer was owed 46,667 and 64,000, respectively, for accrued and unpaid salary. Mr. Untermeyer
 is entitled to receive medical insurance reimbursement, of which 2,106 was paid during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 and
 804 was accrued and unpaid. Mr. Untermeyer is also entitled to an automobile allowance of 500 per month, of which 4,000 was paid
 during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2,000 was accrued and unpaid. On March 1, 2022, Mr. Untermeyer was issued 250,000
 shares of Series F Preferred Stock with a fair value of 14,537,333. 

(4) 
 Please
 see Note 12 to NaturalShrimp s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and for the period then
 ended, for a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock awards. 

Employment
Agreements 

Gerald
Easterling 

As
of April 1, 2015, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Gerald Easterling as the Company s President, as amended
pursuant to an amendment thereto dated as of May 21, 2021. The agreement as amended provides for an annual base salary of 180,000 and
that Mr. Easterling may also receive one or more bonuses at such times and in such amounts as determined in the sole discretion of the
Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Easterling is also entitled to certain benefits including health insurance, reimbursement of
cell phone costs, and a monthly 500 car allowance. 

Mr.
Easterling s employment agreement terminates automatically upon his death. In addition, the Company may terminate the agreement
because of Mr. Easterling s Total Disability or for certain events constituting Cause, in each case as defined in the agreement,
or without Cause. Mr. Easterling may terminate his employment agreement for certain events constituting Good Reason, as defined in the
agreement, or without Good Reason. 

The
agreement provides that in the event that Mr. Easterling is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason, he will receive, as
severance, his base salary for a period of 60 months following the date of termination. In the event of a Change of Control (as defined
in the agreement) of the Company, Mr. Easterling may elect to terminate the agreement within 30 days thereafter and upon such termination
would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to 500 of his annual base salary. The Business Combination would qualify as a
Change of Control. 

The
agreement contains certain restrictive covenants relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees
for a period of one year following termination of the agreement, as well as confidentiality provisions. 

Tom
Untermeyer 

As
of November 1, 2017, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Tom Untermeyer as its Chief Technology Officer, as amended
pursuant to an amendment thereto dated as of May 21, 2021. The agreement as amended provides for an annual base salary of 160,000 and
that Mr. Untermeyer may also receive one or more bonuses at such times and in such amounts as determined in the sole discretion of the
Company s Board of Directors. 

Mr.
Untermeyer s employment agreement terminates automatically upon his death. In addition, NaturalShrimp may terminate the agreement
because of Mr. Untermeyer s Total Disability or for certain events constituting Cause, in each case as defined in the agreement,
or without Cause. Mr. Untermeyer may terminate his employment agreement for certain events constituting Good Reason, as defined in the
agreement, or without Good Reason. 

The
agreement provides that in the event that Mr. Untermeyer is terminated without Cause he will receive, as severance, his base salary for
a period of six months following the date of termination. The agreement also provides, however, that in the event of a Change of Control
(as defined in the agreement) of the Company, Mr. Untermeyer may elect to terminate the agreement within 30 days thereafter and upon
such termination would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to 50 of his annual base salary. The Business Combination would
qualify as a Change of Control. 

The
agreement contains certain restrictive covenants relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees
for a period of two years following termination of the agreement, as well as confidentiality provisions. 

52 

William
Delgado 

As
of May 1, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with William Delgado as its Chief Financial Officer. The agreement provides
for an annual base salary of 160,000 and that Mr. Delgado may also receive one or more bonuses at such times and in such amounts as
determined in the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. Mr. Delgado is also entitled to certain benefits including health insurance,
reimbursement of cell phone costs, and a monthly 500 car allowance. 

Mr.
Delgado s employment agreement terminates automatically upon his death. In addition, the Company may terminate the agreement because
of Mr. Delgado s Total Disability or for certain events constituting Cause, in each case as defined in the agreement, or without
Cause. Mr. Delgado may terminate his employment agreement for certain events constituting Good Reason, as defined in the agreement, or
without Good Reason. 

The
agreement provides that in the event that Mr. Delgado is terminated without Cause or resigns for Good Reason he will receive, as severance,
his base salary for a period of 60 months following the date of termination. In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the agreement)
of the Company, Mr. Delgado may elect to terminate the agreement within 30 days thereafter and upon such termination would be entitled
to receive a lump sum payment equal to 50 of his annual base salary. The Business Combination would qualify as a Change of Control. 

The
agreement contains certain restrictive covenants relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation of employees
for a period of one year following termination of the agreement, as well as confidentiality provisions. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control 

SEC
regulations state that we must disclose information regarding agreements, plans or arrangements that provide for payments or benefits
to our executive officers in connection with any termination of employment or change in control of the Company. Such payments are set
forth above in the section entitled Employment Agreements. 

Except
as described above, none of our executive officers or directors received, nor do we have any arrangements to pay out, any bonus, stock
awards, option awards, non-equity incentive plan compensation, or non-qualified deferred compensation. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
do not compensate our directors for their service on the Board of Directors. However, we intend to review and consider future proposals regarding board compensation. All travel and lodging expenses associated
with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, if and when incurred. 

Stock
Option Plans - Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

None of NaturalShrimp s executive officers held any unexercised options to purchase stock of NaturalShrimp,
unvested shares of NaturalShrimp common or preferred stock, or outstanding equity incentive plan awards at March 31, 2023. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company does not have a separate Compensation Committee. Instead, the Company s Board of Directors reviews and approves executive
compensation policies and practices, reviews salaries and bonuses for other officers, administers the Company s stock option plans
and other benefit plans, if any, and considers other matters. 

Risk
Management Considerations 

We
believe that our compensation policies and practices for our employees, including our executive officers, do not create risks that are
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

53 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock and our voting shares beneficially owned as of
June 21, 2023 and is based on (i) 867,995,962 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, (ii) 5,000,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock issued and outstanding all owned by Gerald Easterling (which equals 300 million votes and is convertible into the
number of shares of common stock equal to the difference between our authorized and issued shares of common stock (32,004,038 shares), and (iii) 750,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock issued and outstanding (which equals
750 million votes and is not currently convertible into shares of common stock) for (A) each stockholder known to be the beneficial
owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock and voting shares, (B) each named executive officer and director, and
(C) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares (1) over which such
person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (2) of which such person has the right to
acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise
indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the tables for our directors and executive officers is
exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For
purposes of these tables, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 21, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
of our common stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60
days of June 21, 2023 is deemed to be outstanding but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.
Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: 5501 LBJ Freeway, Suite 450, Dallas, Texas 75240. 

Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Common Stock Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Voting Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Voting Shares Beneficially Owned (7) 
 
 Gerald Easterling 
 35,460,945 (1) 
 4.96 (3) 
 553,456,907 (4) 
 28.78 
 
 William Delgado 
 5,715,719 (2) 
 
 255,715,719 (5) 
 13.30 
 
 Tom Untermeyer 
 5,140,666 (2) 
 
 255,140,666 (6) 
 13.27 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (three persons 

Total 
 46,317,330 
 5.15 
 1,064,313,292 
 55.34 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 
 Consists of (a) 3,456,907
 shares of common stock and (b) 32,004,038 shares of common stock into which the 5 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock is
 convertible. 

(2) 
 
 Consists
 solely of shares of common stock owned. Of the 5,715,719 shares owned, all but 500,000 are held by Dragon Acquisitions LLC, of which
 Mr. Delgado is the managing member. 

(3) 
 
 Solely with regard to Mr.
 Easterling, the percentage is based on the 867,995,962 shares of common stock outstanding plus the 32,004,038 shares of common stock
 into which the 5 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible. 

(4) 
 
 Consists of (a) 3,456,907
 shares of common stock, (b) 300 million votes to which the 5 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by Mr. Easterling is
 entitled (60 votes per share), and (c) 250 million votes to which the 250,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by Mr. Easterling
 is entitled (1,000 votes per share). 

(5) 
 
 Consists of (a) 5,715,719
 shares of common stock and (b) 250 million votes to which the 250,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by Mr. Delgado is entitled
 (1,000 votes per share). 

54 

(6) 
 
 Consists of (a) 5,140,666
 shares of common stock and (b) 250 million votes to which the 250,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock held by Mr. Untermeyer is
 entitled (1,000 votes per share). 

(7) 
 
 Each percentage in this
 column is based on (a) 867,995,962 shares of common stock outstanding, (b) 300 million votes to which the 5 million shares of Series
 A Preferred Stock outstanding is entitled (60 votes per share), (c) 5,143,000 votes to which the 1,500 shares of Series E Preferred
 Stock outstanding is entitled, and (c) 750 million votes to which the 750,000 shares of Series F Preferred Stock outstanding is entitled
 (1,000 votes per share). 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Non-Cumulative
Voting 

The
holders of our shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding
shares, voting for the election of Directors, can elect all of the Directors to be elected, if they so choose. In such event, the holders
of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Except
as set out below, as of March 31, 2023, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which we were or are
to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of the following persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest: 

any director or executive
 officer of our company; 

any person who beneficially
 owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; 

any promoters and control
 persons; and 

any member of the immediate
 family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in laws) of any of the foregoing persons. 

Accrued
Payroll Related Parties 

The
accrued expenses, related party, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets represents accrued payroll and payroll taxes, and
the bonus discussed below. Included in other accrued expenses on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2022,
is approximately 119,000 owing to our Chief Technology Officer CTO (which includes 50,000 from consulting services
prior to his employment), including both accrued payroll and accrued allowances and expenses. During the year ended March 31, 2023,
the CTO forgave the prior amounts owed to him, with a gain on settlement of accrued expenses recognized in the Company s
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

55 

NaturalShrimp
Holdings, Inc. 

As discussed
under Item 1. Business, on January 30, 2015, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of NSH, which consisted
primarily of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries NSC and NS Global and certain real property
located outside of San Antonio, Texas, in exchange for its issuance of 75,520,240 shares of NaturalShrimp Common Stock to NSC. As a result
of the transaction, NSH acquired 88.62 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, NSC and NS Global became
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, and the Company changed its principal business to a global shrimp farming company. It changed
its name to NaturalShrimp Incorporated in 2015. 

There were no material relationships between the Company and NSH or between the Company s or NSH s respective
affiliates, directors, or officers or associates thereof, other than in respect of the asset acquisition and the related asset purchase
agreement. 

On
January 1, 2016 the Company entered into a notes payable agreement with NSH. The note payable has no set monthly payment or maturity
date with a stated interest rate of 2 . The Company paid off 655,750 of the note payable during the year ended March 31, 2022, and
paid off the remainder of the note during the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 

A shareholder of
NSH, Gary Shover, filed suit against the Company on August 11, 2020, in the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, alleging breach
of contract for NaturalShrimp s failure to exchange NaturalShrimp Common Stock for shares that Mr. Shover then owned in NSH. On
November 15, 2021, a hearing was held before the US District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, at which time
Mr. Shover and the Company presented arguments as to why the Court should approve a joint motion for settlement. After considering the
argument of counsel and taking questions from those NSH shareholders who were present through video conferencing link, the Court approved
the motion of the parties to allow Mr. Shover and all like and similarly-situated NSH shareholders to exchange each share of NSH held
by a NSH shareholder for a share of the Company s common stock. A final Order was signed on December 6, 2021 and the case was closed
by an Order of the Court of the same date. The Company recognized a fair value of 29,400,000, based on the market value of the Company s
common stock of 0.316 on the date the case was closed, for approximately
93 million shares issued in the settlement. 

Promissory
Note 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company issued a loan agreement for 300,000 with related parties, which is to be considered priority debt of
the Company. As of the date of this report, five of the related parties have entered into promissory notes under the loan agreement
for 50,000 each, for a total of cash received of 250,000. The notes bear interest at 10 per annum and are due in one year from
the issuance date of the notes. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the interest expense was 22,270. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors consists of Gerald Easterling, William Delgado and Tom Untermeyer. Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB tier
of the OTC Markets Group quotation system, which does not have any director independence requirements. We evaluate independence by the standards for
director independence established by applicable laws, rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for
independent directors established by NYSE, Nasdaq, and the SEC. 

Subject to some exceptions, these standards generally provide that a director
will not be independent if: (i) the director is, or in the past three years has been, an employee of ours; (ii) a member of the director s
immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, an executive officer of ours; (iii) the director or a member of the director s
immediate family has received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation from us other than for service as a director (or for
a family member, as a non-executive employee); (iv) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past
three years has been, employed in a professional capacity by our independent public accountants, or has worked for such firm in any capacity
on our audit; (v) the director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed
as an executive officer of a company where one of our executive officers serves on the compensation committee; or (vi) the director or
a member of the director s immediate family is an executive officer of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from,
us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during the past three years, exceeds the greater of 1,000,000 or two percent of that
other company s consolidated gross revenues. Based on these standards, we have determined that Messrs. Easterling, Untermeyer and
Delgado are not independent directors. 

56 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
and Accounting Fees 

Effective
April 11, 2015, our Board of Directors engaged Turner, Stone Company TSC as its independent registered public accounting
firm to audit our annual financial statements. The following tables set forth the fees billed to us for professional services rendered
by TSC for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Services 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 85,700 
 46,500 
 
 Audit related fees 
 18,888 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 28,250 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total fees 
 132,838 
 46,500 

Audit
Fees 

The
audit fees were paid for the audit services of our annual and quarterly reports and issuing consents for our registration statements. 

Audit Related Fees 

The audit related fees were paid
for the services of issuing consents for our registration statements. 

Tax
Fees 

The
taxes fees were paid for tax services provided during the year ended March 31, 2023. There were no tax fees paid to TSC in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

Our
board of directors preapproves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services
and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors before the respective services were rendered. 

57 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 

Filing Date 

2.1# 
 
 Merger Agreement dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among Yotta Acquisition Corporation, Yotta Merger Sub, Inc. and NaturalShrimp Incorporated 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 10/27/2022 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of NaturalShrimp Incorporated, as amended 
 
 10-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/29/2022 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of NaturalShrimp Incorporated 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 6/11/2009 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 8/22/2018 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/14/2019 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/22/2020 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series E Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series F Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/1/2022 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 6/11/2009 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 6/29/2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued January 23, 2017 to Vista Capital Investments, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 6/29/2017 
 
 4.4 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 4, 2022, by and between Streeterville Capital, LLC, and NaturalShrimp Incorporated 

4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note, effective date August 17, 2022 

4.6 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 5, 2022, by and between GHS Investments, LLC, and NaturalShrimp Incorporated 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant dated April 14, 2021, issued to Investor 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 28, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/2/2021 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated as of November 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/24/2021 
 
 4.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note, effective date December 15, 2021 

4.11 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Joseph A. Alagna Jr. and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 66,857 shares of common stock) 

4.12 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Joseph A. Alagna Jr. and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 600,000 shares of common stock) 

4.13 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Stephan A. Stein and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 40,114 shares of common stock) 

4.14 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Stephan A. Stein and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 360,000 shares of common stock) 

4.15 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Anthony Sica and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 240,000 shares of common stock) 

4.16 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Anthony Sica and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 26,743 shares of common stock) 

4.17 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Brandon Ross and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 167,143 shares of common stock) 

4.18 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Brandon Ross and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 1,600,000 shares of common stock) 

4.19 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Michael Hodges and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 33,429 shares of common stock) 

4.20 
 
 Restructuring Agreement dated as of November 7, 2022, by and between Michael Hodges and NaturalShrimp Incorporated (warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock) 

10.1+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated as of April 1, 2015 with Gerald Easterling 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 5/7/2015 
 
 10.1.1 + 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Gerald Easterling dated as of May 21, 2021 

10.2 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021 by and between the Company and a holder of the Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 4/15/2021 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and F T Water Solutions, LLC, dated May 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/1/2021 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Patents Purchase Agreement by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and F T Water Solutions, LLC, dated May 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/1/2021 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Leak-Out Agreement by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and F T Water Solutions, LLC, dated May 19, 2021. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 6/1/2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/2/2021 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/24/2021 

10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchaser 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/24/2021 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Waiver 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/24/2021 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and Streeterville Capital LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/21/2021 
 
 10.12 

Security Agreement, dated December 15, 2021, by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and Streeterville Capital LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/21/2021 

58 

10.13# 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and between the Company and GHS Investments LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/16/2023 
 
 10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 17, 2022, by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and Streeterville Capital LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/24/2022 
 
 10.15 
 
 Escrow Agreement, dated August 17, 2022, by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated, Streeterville Capital LLC, and Hansen Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/24/2022 
 
 10.16 
 
 Security Agreement, dated August 17, 2022, by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated and Streeterville Capital LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/24/2022 
 
 10.17# 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and between the Company and GHS Investments LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/8/2022 
 
 10.18 + 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 1, 2017 with Tom Untermeyer 

10.19 + 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Tom Untermeyer dated as of May 21, 2021 

10.20 + 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of May 1, 2021 with William Delgado 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Turner, Stone Company 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

 + Management compensatory plan or contract. 

# Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally copies of omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon its request. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED 

By: 
 /s/
 Gerald Easterling 

Gerald Easterling 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: 
 June
26, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 William Delgado 

William Delgado 

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 June
26, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gerald Easterling 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Date:
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Gerald
 Easterling 
 
 of
 Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 William Delgado 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 

Date:
 June 26, 2023 
 
 William
 Delgado 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Tom Untermeyer 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer, Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Date:
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Tom
 Untermeyer 

60 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 and 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB FIRM ID 
 F-1 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

61 

Your Vision Our Focus 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 NaturalShrimp
Incorporated 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NaturalShrimp Incorporated as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of NaturalShrimp Incorporated as of March 31, 2023
and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from inception and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to NaturalShrimp Incorporated in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. NaturalShrimp
Incorporated is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description
of Matter 

Preferred
Stock 

As
discussed in Note 12 to the financial statements, the Company entered into certain financing transactions which included the issuance
of multiple series of preferred stock. The various series of preferred stock included designations for conversion into common
stock as well as other privileges which required unique presentation and accounting treatment within the financial statements. 

We
identified the accounting evaluation of the features in the preferred stock instrument to be a critical audit matter because the evaluation
of the appropriate accounting treatment for this area involved a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort to
evaluate the Company s conclusions. 

How
the Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the conclusions associated with the presentation and accounting for the preferred stock involved the following
procedures, among others: 

- We
 obtained management s analysis of the various rights and privileges included in the
 preferred stock designations. 

- We
 read and analyzed the terms included in the preferred stock designations to identify and
 assess the reasonableness of management s accounting treatment for the various features
 in these instruments as they impacted both accounting and presentation in the financial statements. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as NaturalShrimp Incorporated s auditor since 2015. 

June
26, 2023 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Accountants
 and Consultants 
 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 
 INTERNATIONAL
 ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS 

F- 2 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Escrow account 
 - 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred offering costs 
 
 - 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Other assets 

Construction-in-process 

Patents, net 

License Agreement, net 

Right of Use asset 

Deposits 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Short-term Promissory Note and Lines of credit 

Notes payable 

Restructured August note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable - related parties 

Notes payable 

Dividends payable 

Derivative liability 
 - 

Warrant liability 

Lease Liability, current 
 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible debenture, less unamortized debt discount of as of March 31, 2022 
 - 

Restructured Senior note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable, less current maturities 

Lease Liability, non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 - 
 - 

Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Series F Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Temporary equity, value 

Stockholders deficit 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and shares issued and shares outstanding at March 31, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Stock to be issued 

Subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities, mezzanine and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

For the Years Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Sales 

Cost of sales 
 
 - 
 
 Net revenue 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Rent 

Salaries and Wages 

Stock Compensation 
 - 

Professional services 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Facility operations 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Interest expense - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Financing costs 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of restructured notes 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Gain on Vero Blue note settlement 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Extension fee 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Legal Settlement 
 - 

Loss due to fire 
 
 - 

Total other expense, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature on Preferred shares 

Accretion on Preferred shares 

Redemption and exchange of Series D Preferred shares 
 - 

Dividends 

Net loss available for common stockholders 

LOSS PER SHARE (Basic and Diluted) 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING (Basic and Diluted) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 receivable 
 deficit 
 interest 
 deficit 

Series A 
 Preferred stock 
 Series B Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid in 
 Stock 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Non-controlling 
 Total
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 To be issued 
 receivable 
 deficit 
 interest 
 deficit 

Balance March 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series B PS to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Series D PS to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Exchange of Series D PS to Series E PS 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common shares and warrants for cash, less offering costs and commitment
 shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of warrants related to the sale of common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature related to the Series E Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amortization of beneficial conversion feature related to Series E Preferred
 Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption of Series D Preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares to be issued for the acquisition of the non-controlling interest
 subsidiary s remaining equity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common shares to be issued for Patent acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock vested to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued to employees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common shares to be issued for Technical Rights Agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Revision of dividends payable on Series B Preferred Shares (See Note 2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series E PS to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Dividends payable on Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Series B PS Dividends in kind issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Accretion of Series E Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued for Technical Rights Agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued for acquisition of non-controlling interest and Patent
 acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of warrants to liability 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock to be issued for legal settlement to NSH shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for legal settlement to NSH shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for financing expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance March 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Balance, value 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common stock issued for legal settlement to NSH shareholders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common shares under financing agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series E Preferred Shares to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Increase of 10 in Series E Preferred Shares to one holder based on certain
 rights 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Contingent beneficial conversion feature related to the Series E Preferred
 Shares, fully amortized 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Amortization of beneficial conversion feature related to Series E Preferred
 Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Accretion of Series E Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends payable on Preferred Shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued in business agreement, to be paid from revenue earned 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued in business agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued from shares payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock vested to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance March 31, 2023 

- 
 - 

Balance, value 

- 
 - 
 # 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

For the Years Ended 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of promissory notes 
 
 - 
 
 Financing costs 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss due to fire 
 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Gain on Vero Blue note settlement 
 - 

Legal settlement 
 - 

Shares issued for services 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (revised
 for March 31, 2022) 

Deferred offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable (revised for March 31, 2022) 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 

Cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash paid for fixed assets 

Cash received for fire damage to fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for patent acquisition with F T 
 - 

Cash paid for acquisition of shares of NCI 
 - 

Cash paid for License Agreement at issuance (revised
 for March 31, 2022) 
 - 

Cash paid for construction in process 
 - 

Cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payments on bank loan 
 - 

Payments of notes payable 

Payments on notes payable, related party 

Repayment of short-term promissory note and lines of credit 

Payments due on License Agreement (revised for March 31, 2022) 
 - 

Cash paid for License Agreement (revised for March 31, 2022) 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares under equity agreement 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of stock 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from promissory note, related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible debentures 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible debentures, receipt from escrow 
 
 - 
 
 Escrow account in relation to the proceeds from promissory notes 
 - 

Payments on convertible debentures 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of Series E Preferred Shares 
 - 

Redemption of Series D Preferred Shares 
 - 

Shares issued upon exercise of warrants 
 - 

Cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

INTEREST PAID 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Construction in process transferred to fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued upon conversion of convertible debentures 
 - 

Shares issued upon conversion of Preferred stock 

Cancellation of Right of Use asset and Lease liability 
 - 

Right of Use asset and Lease liability 
 - 

Dividends in kind issued 
 - 

Shares issued as consideration for Patent acquisition 
 - 

Shares issued as consideration for acquisition of remaining NCI 
 - 

Shares issued as consideration for Rights Agreement 
 - 

Shares issued/to be issued, for legal settlement 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

of NaturalShrimp/Hydrenesis LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America GAAP ), assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company had a net
loss available for common stockholders of approximately . As of March 31, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of
approximately and a working capital deficit of approximately . These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern, within one year from the issuance date of this filing. The Company s ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to raise the required additional capital or debt financing to meet short and
long-term operating requirements. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received net cash proceeds of approximately 
from the sale of common shares (See Note 12), and proceeds from the issuance of promissory notes. 

The
Company is currently in the process of obtaining the requisite approvals to close a business combination with a special purpose acquisition
corporation SPAC (See Note 17). Upon the closing of such business combination, the Company is expecting to obtain funding
for their operations through the cash held by the SPAC s Trust Account, in addition to any backstop financing that the SPAC may
need to pursue in the event that the Trust Account does not have sufficient funds available after redemptions. The Company can provide
no assurance that the transactions with the SPAC will be successful or that, even if the business combination is successful, that there
will be sufficient funds available from such transaction. The Company may also encounter business endeavors that require significant
cash commitments or unanticipated problems or expenses that could result in a requirement for additional cash. If the Company raises
additional funds through the issuance of equity, the percentage ownership of its current shareholders could be reduced, and such securities
might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to its common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to take advantage
of prospective business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict its operations. The Company continues
to pursue external financing alternatives to improve its working capital position. If the Company is unable to obtain the necessary capital,
the Company may be unable to develop its facilities and enter into production. 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which would be converted at the holder s option
into approximately underlying common shares, of Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately
 underlying shares are convertible at the investors option at a fixed conversion price of and shares of Series
E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately underlying shares are convertible at the investors option
at conversion price of of the average of the two lowest market prices over the last 10 days, shares of Series F Preferred
Stock which would be converted at the holders option into approximately underlying common shares, and warrants
outstanding which were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. For the year ended March
31, 2022, the Company had Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which would be converted at the holder s option into approximately
 underlying common shares, of Series E Redeemable Convertible Preferred shares whose approximately underlying
shares are convertible at the investors option at a fixed conversion price of , shares of Series F Preferred Stock
which would be converted at the holders option into approximately underlying common shares, and approximately 
in a convertible debenture whose approximately underlying shares are convertible at the holders option at conversion
price of of the average of the two lowest market prices over the last 10 days and warrants outstanding which were not
included in the calculation of diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

The
Company did not have any Level 1 or Level 2 assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

The
derivative and warrant liabilities, and fair value option on Restructured notes are Level 3 fair value measurements. 

- 
 
 Removal of conversion feature upon restructuring of convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Additions to derivatives 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Balance at end of year 
 - 

The
derivative liability does not exist as of March 31, 2023, as the convertible note removed the conversion feature upon its restructuring
on November 4, 2022, and there is no longer an embedded derivative to be bifurcated (Note 9). Upon restructuring of the convertible note,
the fair value of the derivative liability at that date and removal of the conversion feature was estimated using a bi-nomial model with
the following weighted-average inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of and
expected volatility of the Company s common stock of . 

At
March 31, 2022, the fair value of the derivative liabilities of convertible notes was estimated using a bi-nomial model with the following
weighted-average inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility
of the Company s common stock of , and the remaining term of years. 

- 
 
 Additions to warrant liability 
 - 

Reclass to equity upon cancellation or exercise 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value 

Balance at end of year 

At March 31, 2023, the fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using a Black Sholes model with the following
weighted-average inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility
of the Company s common stock ranging from to and the remaining terms of each warrant issuance. 

At
March 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant liability was estimated using a Black Sholes model with the following weighted-average
inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility of the Company s
common stock ranging from to and the remaining terms of each warrant issuance. 

- 
 
 Change in fair value 
 
 - 
 
 Promissory Note fair value at end of year 
 
 - 

On
November 4, 2022, when the Company entered into a Restructuring Agreement for an Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note for two
of their outstanding debentures (Note 6 and Note 7), which were accounted for as debt extinguishment, the Company elected to recognize
the new debt under ASC 825 fair value option. , the exit fee,
the 2 appreciation fee for an estimated period, and a 40 present value factor . 

. As of March 31, 2023, the Company s cash balance did not exceed FDIC coverage. As of March 31,
2022 the Company s cash balance exceeded FDIC coverage. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and periodically
evaluates the credit worthiness of the financial institutions and has determined the credit exposure to be negligible. 

years 
 
 Machinery and Equipment 
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 years 
 
 Furniture and Fixtures 
 years 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. At the time of retirement or other disposition of equipment, the cost and accumulated
depreciation will be removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss, if any, will be reflected in operations. 

To
determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of Topic 606, the Company performs
the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer by receipt of purchase orders and confirmations sent by the Company
which includes a required line of credit approval process, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract which includes shipment
of goods to the customer FOB shipping point or destination, (3) determine the transaction price which initiates with the purchase order
received from the customer and confirmation sent by the Company and will include discounts and allowances by customer if any, (4) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract which is the shipment of the goods to the customer and transaction
price determined in step 3 above and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation which is when the
Company transfers control of the goods to the customers by shipment or delivery of the products. 

In
the future, if the Company has customers with long-term contracts for multiple shipments of live shrimp, the Company will elect the right-to-invoice
practical expedient and any variable consideration estimate will be excluded from the transaction price and the revenue will be recognized
directly when the goods are delivered. 

Accounts payable 

CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Payments due on License Agreement 

2,400,000 

(650,000 

Payments made on License Agreement 

CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Buildings 

Machinery and equipment 

Autos and trucks 

Fixed assets,Gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets, net 

The
consolidated statements of operations reflect depreciation expense of approximately and for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

interest. Upon the closing of the Patents
Agreement, the Company would purchase F T s interest in the Patent, F T s interest in a second patent associated
with the first Patent issued to F T in March 2018, and all other intellectual property rights owned by F T for a purchase price
of in cash and issue shares of the Company s common stock with a market value of per share for a total
fair value of , for a total acquisition price of . The Company paid the cash purchase price on May 20, 2021 and the
closing of the Patents Agreement took place on May 25, 2021. 

In
accordance with ASC 805-10-55-5A, as substantially all the assets acquired are concentrated in a single identifiable asset, the patents,
the acquisition has been determined to not be considered a business combination but an asset acquisition. The consideration is allocated
to the two patents, which were both approved in December, 2018, and will be amortized through the earliest of their useful life or December,
2038. Amortization over the next five years is expected to be per year, for a total of . Amortization expense was
 and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

owned subsidiary NAS, entered into an Equipment Rights Agreements with Hydrenesis-Delta
Systems, LLC Hydrenesis-Delta and a Technology Rights Agreement, in a sub-license agreement with Hydrenesis Aquaculture
LLC Hydrenesis-Aqua ), The Equipment Rights involve specialized and proprietary equipment used to produce and control,
dose, and infuse Hydrogas and RLS into both water and other chemical species, while the Technology sublicense pertains to the
rights to Hydrogas and RLS . Both Rights agreements are for a 10-year term, which shall automatically renew for ten-year successive
terms. The term can be terminated by written notice by mutual consent, or by either party upon a breach of contract, insolvency or filing
of bankruptcy. The agreements accord the exclusive rights to purchase or distribute the technology, or buy or rent the equipment, in
the Industry Sector, which is the primary business and revenue stream generated from indoor aquaculture farming of any species in the
Territory, defined as anywhere in the world except for the countries in the Gulf Corporation Council. 

, with in cash paid at closing, and to be paid
on the first day of the next calendar quarter, plus to be paid on the first day of each successive calendar quarter until the
amount is paid in full . 

, consisting of 
in cash at closing, and an additional within 60 days after closing, and worth of unrestricted common shares of
stock in the parent company, NSI, at a stipulated share price of . Determined with this stipulated price, shares were
issued. Based on the market price on August 25, 2021 of , the fair value of the shares is , which results in a fair value
total consideration of . 

As
of March 31, 2022, under both agreements, had been paid, and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, balance
is remaining unpaid. 

The
terms of the Agreements set forth that NAS will pay Hydrenesis royalty fees. The royalties are calculated per all customer or sub-license
revenue generated by NAS, NSI or any25 Affiliate, from the sale or rental of either the Technologies or Hydrenesis Equipment, based on
gross revenue less returns, rebates and sales taxes. There are sales milestones for exclusivity, whereby if NAS fails to achieve a sales
milestone starting in Year 3, the exclusivity rights in both of the Rights agreements shall revert to non-exclusive rights. To maintain
the exclusivity for the subsequent year, the Company may pay the amount of the royalty fees that would have been due if the Sales Milestone
had been meet in the current year. 

Royalty 
 
 Year 4 
 Royalty 
 
 Year 5 
 Royalty 
 
 Year 6 
 Royalty 
 
 All subsequent years 
 Royalty 

For
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the amortization of the Rights was and , respectively. The amortization is
approximately per year, and approximately over the next five years. 

. The line of credit bears an interest rate of prime
plus 25.9 basis points, which totaled as of March 31, 2023. The line of credit is unsecured. The balance of the line of credit
was at both March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

The
Company also has a working capital line of credit with Chase Bank for . The line of credit bears an interest rate of prime plus
10 basis points, which totaled as of March 31, 2023. The line of credit is secured by assets of the Company s subsidiaries.
The balance of the line of credit is as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

. The Note has an interest rate of per annum, with a maturity
date nine months from the issuance date of the Note. The Note carried an original issue discount totaling , whereby the purchase
price is . All payments made by the Company under the terms in the note, including upon repayment of this Note at maturity, shall
be subject to an exit fee of of the portion of the Outstanding Balance being paid (the Exit Fee ). The cash was not
transferred to the Company s bank account, but instead to the merger entity, Yotta Acquisition Corporation (Note 17), for a contribution
to a required extension fee for the business combination. 

August
2022 Note 

The
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the SPA with an investor (the Investor on August
17, 2022. Pursuant to the SPA, the Investor purchased a secured promissory note (the Note in the aggregate principal amount
totaling approximately . The Note has an interest rate of per annum, with a maturity date nine months from the issuance
date of the Note. The Note carried an original issue discount totaling and a transaction expense amount of , both of
which are included in the principal balance of the Note. On the Closing Date the Company received , with put into
escrow to be held until certain terms are met, which includes upon the completion of a successful uplist to NYSE or NASDAQ.
The SPA includes a Security Agreement, whereby the note is secured by the collateral set forth in the agreement, covering all of the
assets of the Company. All payments made by the Company under the terms in the note, including upon repayment of this Note at maturity,
shall be subject to an exit fee of of the portion of the Outstanding Balance being paid (the Exit Fee ). As the Exit
Fee is to be included in every settlement of the Note, an additional of the principal balance, which totals , was recognized
along with the principal balance, and offset by a contra account in a manner similar to a debt discount. 

As
soon as reasonably possible, the Company will cause the Common Stock to be listed for trading on either of (a) NYSE, or (b) NASDAQ (in
either event, an Uplist ). In the event the Company has not effectuated the Uplist by November 15, 2022, the then-current
outstanding balance will be increased by . 
or thirty-three percent of the gross proceeds of the equity sale . 

, in the amount of approximately . 

The
Restructured August Note was analyzed under ASC 470-50 as to if the change in terms qualified as a modification or an extinguishment
of the note. The changes in terms were considered an extinguishment as the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new
debt instrument was evaluated to be a substantial change, as over difference from the present value of the remaining cash flows under
the terms of the original instrument. As such, with the removal of the original note and its debt discount and accrued interest as compared
to the restructured note with a fair value of approximately , there was a loss in extinguishment of approximately .
As a result of the extinguishment and at the Company s election of the fair value option under ASC 825, the August Note will be
accounted for at fair value until they are settled. In accordance with ASC 815- 15-25-1(b) a hybrid instrument that is measured at fair
value under ASC 825 fair value option each period with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur should not be evaluated
for embedded derivatives. Therefore, the provisions in the August Note were not evaluated as to if they fell under the guidance of embedded
derivatives and were required to be bifurcated. The August Note was revalued as of March 31, 2023 at approximately , with a
change in fair value of approximately recognized in the Statement of Operations. 

(the Principal Amount ). The Note has an interest rate of per annum, with a maturity
date 24 months from the issuance date of the Note (the Maturity Date ). The Note carried an original issue discount totaling
 and a transaction expense amount of , both of which are included in the principal balance of the Note. The Note had
 in debt issuance costs, including fees paid in cash of and warrants issued to placement agents with a
fair value of . The warrant fair value was estimated using the Black Scholes Model, with the following inputs: the price of the
Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of , the expected volatility of the Company s common stock
of ; the estimated remaining term, a dividend rate of . The warrants were classified as a liability, as it is not known if there
will be sufficient authorized shares to be issued upon settlement, based on the conversion terms of the convertible debt. 

Beginning
on the date that is 6 months from the issuance date of the Note, the Investor has the right to redeem up to of the outstanding
balance per month. Payments may be made by the Company, at the Company s option, (a) in cash, or (b) by paying the redemption amount
in the form of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), per the following
formula: the number of redemption shares equals the portion of the applicable redemption amount divided by the Redemption Repayment Price.
 , was recognized along with the principal balance, and offset by a contra account in a manner similar
to a debt discount. In addition to the Investor s right of redemption, the Company has the option to prepay the Notes at any time
prior to the Maturity Date by paying a premium of 15 plus the principal, interest, and fees owed as of the prepayment date . 

Within
180 days of the issuance date of the Note, the Company will obtain an effective registration statement or a supplement to any existing
registration statement or prospectus with the SEC registering at least in shares of Common Stock for the Investor s
benefit such that any redemption using shares of Common Stock could be done using registered Common Stock. Additionally, as soon as reasonably
possible following the issuance of the Note, the Company will cause the Common Stock to be listed for trading on either of (a) NYSE,
or (b) NASDAQ (in either event, an Uplist ). In the event the Company has not effectuated the Uplist by March 1, 2022, the
then-current outstanding balance will be increased by 10 . On February 7, 2022, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment
to the SPA, which extended the date by which the Uplist must be completed to April 15, 2022. In consideration of the grant of the extension
there was an extension fee of added to the principal balance, which has been recognized as a financing cost in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. . The Company was required to reserve shares of common
stock from its authorized and unissued common stock and to add shares of common stock to the Share Reserve on or before March
10, 2022. 

The
Note also contains certain negative covenants and Events of Default, which in addition to common events of default, include a failure
to deliver conversion shares, the Company fails to maintain the share reserve, the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction without the
Lenders written consent, the Company effectuates a reverse split of its common stock without 20 trading days written notice to Lender,
fails to observe or perform or breaches any covenant, and, the Company or any of its subsidiaries, breaches any covenant or other term
or condition contained in any Other Agreements in any material. Upon an Event of a Default, at its option and sole discretion, the Investor
may consider the Note immediately due and payable. . As of March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company is in full compliance with the covenants and Events of Default. 

The
conversion feature met the definition of a derivative and therefore requires bifurcation and was accounted for as a derivative liability.
The Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivative embedded in the debenture at issuance at , based
on assumptions used in a bi-nomial option pricing model. The key valuation assumptions used consist, in part, of the price of the Company s
common stock of at issuance date; a risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility of the Company s common stock,
of , and the strike price of . 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Restructuring Agreement for an Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note (the Senior
Note with the December 2021 Investor through which the December 2021 Note was amended and restated in its entirety. These amendments
were made in conjunction with the Merger Agreement, entered into on October 24, 2022, with Yotta Acquisition Corporation (Note 17), The
main modification of the terms of the Senior Note was that the conversion feature was eliminated. Second, a Mandatory Payment was added
whereby within 3 trading days of the closing upon the Merger an amount equal to the lesser of (A) one-third of the amount retained in
the Trust Account at the Effective Time or (B) , in order to repay a portion of the outstanding balance of the Convertible
Note; after which the remaining balance of the Convertible Note is to be repaid in equal monthly installments over a 12-month period
beginning on a date after the Closing Date or the termination of such agreement. , in the amount of approximately . 

The
Restructured Senior Note was analyzed under ASC 470-50 as to if the change in terms qualified as a modification or an extinguishment
of the note. The changes in terms were considered an extinguishment as the conversion feature has been eliminated and therefore the modified
August Note is determined to be fundamentally different from the original convertible note. As such, with the removal of the original
note and its debt discount and accrued interest as compared to the restructured note with a fair value of approximately ,
there was a gain in extinguishment of approximately . As of the restructuring date the derivative had a fair value of ,
based on assumptions used in a bi-nomial option pricing model, which resulted in a change in fair value of as of the restructuring
date, from its previous fair value of . The key valuation assumptions used consist, in part, of the price of the Company s
common stock of at issuance date; a risk-free interest rate of and expected volatility of the Company s common stock,
of , and the strike price of . 

As
a result of the extinguishment and at the Company s election of the fair value option under ASC 825, the Senior Note will be accounted
for at fair value until it is settled. In accordance with ASC 815- 15-25-1(b) a hybrid instrument that is measured at fair value under
ASC 825 fair value option each period with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur should not be evaluated for embedded
derivatives. Therefore, the provisions in the Senior Note were not evaluated as to if they fell under the guidance of embedded derivatives
and were required to be bifurcated. The Senior Note was revalued as of March 31, 2023, at approximately , with a change in
fair value of approximately recognized in the Statement of Operations. 

, which is payable in with interest thereon at the rate of
 per annum, interest only payable quarterly on the first day of the quarter, with the remaining balance to be paid to VBF as a balloon
payment on the maturity date. Promissory Note B, is for principal of , which is payable in with interest thereon
at the rate of per annum, interest only payable quarterly on the first day of the quarter, with the remaining balance to be paid to
VBF as a balloon payment on the maturity date. On December 23, 2021, the Company paid off the two notes, for a discount of ,
and recognized a gain on settlement of note, including accrued interest, of . 

On
July 15, 2020, the Company issued a promissory note to Ms. Williams in the amount of to settle the amounts that had been recognized
per the separation agreement with the late Mr. Bill Williams dated August 15, 2019 (Note 14) for his portion of the related party notes
and related accrued interest discussed above, and accrued compensation and allowances. The note bears interest at one percent per annum
and calls for monthly payments of until the balance is paid in full. The balance as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and
 , respectively, with classified in current liabilities for both year ends on the consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of NAS common stock owned by F T for a total
acquisition price of , consisting of paid in cash and shares of the Company s common stock issued
at a market value of per share for a total fair value of . The Company paid the cash purchase price on May 20, 2021
and the purchase of the NAS shares closed on May 25, 2021. Prior to entering into the SPA, the Company owned fifty-one percent and F T owned forty-nine percent of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of NAS, and therefore, NAS was included
in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, with F T s ownership accounted for as a non-controlling interest.
After the SPA, the non-controlling interest was no longer in existence and NAS became a owned subsidiary of the Company. In accordance
with ASC 810-10-45, when the parent s ownership interest changes while the parent retains its controlling interest in a subsidiary,
it is accounted for as an equity transaction and there is no gain or loss recognized in the consolidated net loss. The difference between
the fair value of the consideration paid and the amount of the non-controlling interest as of the acquisition of NAS shares held by F T
is recognized in equity attributable to the Company. The carrying amount of the non-controlling interest prior to the acquisition was
a deficit of , and as a result, a deduction of was recognized in additional paid in capital in the Consolidated Statement
of Changes in Equity, in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

shares of preferred stock authorized with a par
value of .
Of this amount, 
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are authorized
and outstanding, 
 shares Series B Preferred Stock are authorized
 shares outstanding; 
 shares Series D Preferred Stock are authorized
with outstanding; 
 shares Series E Preferred Stock are authorized
with 
 and 
 outstanding, respectively; and 
 shares Series F Redeemable Convertible Preferred
stock are authorized with 
 shares outstanding, respectively. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
September 5, 2019, the Board authorized the issuance of preferred shares to be designated as Series B Preferred Stock. The Series
B Preferred Stock have a par value of , a stated value of and no voting rights. The Series B Preferred Stock included 10 
cumulative dividends, payable quarterly. Upon the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the holders of Series B Preferred
Stock would be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company an amount equal to the stated value, plus any accrued and unpaid
dividends and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing for each share of Series B Preferred Stock before any payment or
distribution shall be made to the holders of any Junior securities. . As the redemption feature at the holder s option was contingent
on a future triggering event, the Series B Preferred Stock was considered contingently redeemable, and as such the preferred shares were
classified in equity until such time as a triggering event would occur, at which time they would be classified as mezzanine. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock was convertible, at the discounted market price which is defined as the lowest VWAP over last 20 days. The conversion
price would be adjustable based on several situations, including future dilutive issuances. As the Series B Preferred Stock did not have
a redemption date and is perpetual preferred stock, it was considered to be an equity host instrument and as such the conversion feature
was not required to be bifurcated as it was clearly and closely related to the equity host instrument. 

Series
B Preferred Equity Offering 

On
September 17, 2019, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with GHS Investments LLC, a Nevada limited
liability company GHS for the purchase of up to shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a stated value of 
per share, or for a total net proceeds of in the event the entire shares of Series B Preferred Stock are purchased.
During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company issued Series B Preferred Shares in various tranches of the SPA, totaling .
During the year ended March 31, 2021 the Company received for the issuance of Series B Preferred Stock. During the year
ended March 31, 2021, the Company converted Series B Preferred Stock which includes Series B Preferred Stock dividends-in-kind
into shares of the Company s common stock. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company converted the remaining
 Series B Preferred Stock plus Series B Preferred Stock dividends-in-kind into shares of the Company s common
stock. 

Series
D Preferred Stock 

On
December 16, 2020, the Board authorized the issuance of preferred shares to be designated as Series D Preferred Stock. The Series
D Preferred Stock have a par value of , a stated value of and would vote together with the common stock on an as-converted
basis. Each holder of Series D Preferred Stock was entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding
and held by such holder, dividends at the rate of twelve percent per annum (the Preferred Dividends ). Dividends may
be paid in cash or in shares of Preferred Stock at the discretion of the Company. 

The
Series D Preferred Stock were convertible into Common Stock at the election of the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock at any time
following five days after a qualified offering (defined as an offering of common stock for an aggregate price of at least 
resulting in the listing for trading of the Common Stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the
Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange) at a 35 discount to the offering price, or, if a qualified offering has
not occurred, at a price of per share, subject to adjustment based on several situations, including future dilutive issuances and
a Fundamental Transaction. 

The
Series D Preferred Stock were to be redeemed by the Corporation on the date that was no later than one calendar year from the date of
its issuance. . 

Series
D Preferred Equity Offering 

On
December 18, 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments
LLC, Platinum Point Capital LLC and BHP Capital NY (collectively, the Purchaser , whereby, at the closing, each Purchaser
agreed to purchase from the Company, up to shares of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock, par value per share,
at a purchase price of per share of Series D Preferred Stock. The aggregate purchase price per Purchaser for the Series D Preferred
Stock is . With a stated value of for the purchased Series D Preferred Stock, there was a discount of 
that was accreted over the period until the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
January 8 and 10, 2021, the Company entered into additional securities purchase agreements with the Purchaser, for shares of Series
D Preferred Stock, at an aggregate purchase price of . With a stated value of for the purchased Series D Preferred
Stock, there was a discount of that was accreted over the period until the redemption of the Series D Preferred Stock. 

In
addition, in relation to the share exchange agreement (described below), on April 15, 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining 
of the Series D Preferred Stock for . In accordance with ASC 260-10-S99-2, the difference between the fair value of the consideration
transferred to the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock and the carrying amount of the Series D Preferred Stock immediately prior to
the redemption, which was , was accounted for in a manner similar to a dividend. 

Series
E Preferred Stock 

On
April 14, 2021, the Board authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock and has filed a Certificate
of Designation COD of Preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock with the State of Nevada. The shares of
Series E Preferred Stock have a stated value of per share and are convertible into shares of common stock at the election of the
holder of the Series E Preferred Stock at any time at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (the Conversion Price ).
The Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into that number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the Series E Stated Value
(plus any and all other amounts which may be owing in connection therewith) by the Conversion Price, subject to certain beneficial ownership
limitations. Each holder of Series E Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Series E Preferred Stock
then outstanding and held by such holder, dividends at the rate of twelve percent per annum, payable quarterly. Each share of Series
E Preferred Stock shall be redeemed by the Company on the date that is no later than one calendar year from the date of its issuance.
The Series E Preferred Stock are also redeemable at the Company s option, at percentages ranging from to for the first
180 days, based on the passage of time. The holders of Series E Preferred Stock rank senior to the Common Stock and Common Stock Equivalents
(as defined in the Series E Designation) with respect to payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation and will vote together with
the holders of the Common Stock on an as-converted basis, subject to beneficial ownership limitations, on each matter submitted to a
vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). Based upon a subsequent financing, . In the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the holder has the option
to request that the Company or the successor entity shall purchase the Preferred Stock from the Holder on the date of such request by
paying to the Holder cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes value. Upon any triggering event as set forth in the COD, including
a change in control or the Company shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of common stock
to issue to such holder upon a conversion, each holder shall have the right, exercisable at the sole option of such holder, to require
the Company to redeem all of the Series E Preferred Stock then held by such holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering
Redemption Amount of the Stated Value and all accrued but unpaid dividends and all liquidated damages, late fees and other costs),
and increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding Preferred Stock held by such Holder to 18 per annum thereafter. Upon any liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company an amount equal to
the stated value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing for each share of
Preferred Stock, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation
shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the holders shall be ratably distributed
among the holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were
paid in full. 

On
November 22, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement SPA for shares of the Company s
Series E Preferred Stock, at a price of per share and (ii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock, with an exercise price equal to , which expires in , for a purchase price of . The warrant has
a fair value of , estimated using the Black Scholes Model, with the following inputs: the price of the Company s common
stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of , the expected volatility of the Company s common stock of ; the estimated
remaining term, a dividend rate of . The Company also issued warrants as placement agent fees, with a fair value of ,
estimated with the same assumptions. All of the warrants were classified as a liability, as it is not known if there will be sufficient
authorized shares to be issued upon settlement, based on the conversion terms of the convertible debt. The Company analyzed the conversion
feature under ASC 470-20, Debt with conversion and other options , and based on the market price of the common stock of
the Company on the dates of funding as compared to the conversion price, determined there was a beneficial conversion feature of approximately
 to recognize, which was amortized over the term through the redemption date using the effective interest method. The Company
will accrete the carrying value, reflecting the discount of between the stated value and purchase price and the fair value of
the warrants issued of , of the Series E Preferred Stock in temporary equity up to the redemption value over the period until
its redemption. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, approximately and was accreted, and was
fully accreted as of March 31, 2023. 

On
April 14, 2021, the Company, entered into a share exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with a holder of the Series
D Preferred Stock, whereby, at the closing of the Offering, the Holder agreed to exchange an aggregate of shares of the Company s
Series D Preferred Stock, par value per share into shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred stock,
par value (the Series E Preferred Stock ). The exchange was completed on April 15, 2021. In accordance with ASC
260-10-S99-2, exchanges of preferred stock that are considered to be extinguishments are to be accounted for as a redemption. Therefore,
the difference between the fair value of the Series E Preferred Stock transferred to the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock and the
carrying amount of the Series D Preferred Stock immediately prior to the exchange, which was , was accounted for in a manner
similar to a dividend. 

The
Company analyzed the conversion feature of the Series E Preferred Stock issued on April 14, 2021, under ASC 470-20, Debt with
conversion and other options , and based on the market price of the common stock of the Company on the dates of funding as compared
to the conversion price, determined there was a beneficial conversion feature of approximately to recognize, which will be
amortized over the term of the note using the effective interest method. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the total Series E Preferred
Stock BCF amortization, including the November 22, 2021, SPA, was . 

On
June 16, 2022, one of the holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock chose to exercise their right, pursuant to the Certificate
of Designation relating to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, to receive the rights extended to the convertible noteholder, of
90 multiplied by the average of the two lowest volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock during the ten (10) trading
days immediately preceding the date of conversion. As the exercise of the conversion price adjustment was similar to a down round, and
the Company has not yet adopted ASU 2020-06, the accounting treatment of ASU 2017-11 was applied, whereby the adjustment was treated
as a contingent beneficial conversion feature recognized as of the triggering date. As of June 16, 2022, this holder held shares
of the Series E preferred stock. The Company analyzed the conversion feature under ASC 470-20, Debt with conversion and other
options , and based on the market price of the common stock of the Company as compared to the conversion price, determined there
was a beneficial conversion feature to recognize, which was fully amortized as there is no remaining redemption date to their
Series E Preferred Stock. The additional rights of the convertible note which were applied include the increase in the outstanding
balance if an uplist to a national exchange was not consummated by the Company by March 1, 2022, for an increase of Series E Preferred
shares with a stated value of , as well as an exit fee of to be recognized upon conversions of the Series E Preferred shares
into shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, shares of Series E Preferred Stock are outstanding to this holder. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, 
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were converted
into 
 shares of common stock. During the year ended
March 31, 2022, 
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock were converted
into 
 shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023
there are 
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock remaining
outstanding. 

On
November 5, 2022, the Company entered a restructuring agreement with the Series E Preferred Stockholders, whereby the Series E Preferred
Stock and the warrants outstanding (including all holders of the warrants in Note 13) as of the Closing date shall have their terms adjusted.
The outstanding warrants shall be a) cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the fair value of the warrants based on the Black
Scholes model, with the exercise price to be adjusted to equal of the average volume weighted average price of the Company common
stock during the five trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Adjusted Exercise Price or (b) as
of the Effective Time, canceled and treated as if exercised for that number of shares of the Company s common stock calculated
using the Black Scholes model fair value, the number of Warrant Shares on the Closing Date and the Adjusted Exercise Price, with the
shares of the Company s common stock that would have been due to Holder as a result of such exercise of the Warrant treated as
if issued to Holder and then converted into the right to receive (i) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) plus (ii) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if any, at the time and subject
to the contingencies set forth in the Merger Agreement. For the Series E Preferred Stock that shall be outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time, they shall be canceled and treated as if converted into that number of shares of the Company s common stock
equal to .
The shares of the Company s common stock that would have been due to the holder as a result of the conversion of such shares of
Series E Convertible Preferred Stock shall be treated as issued to holder and converted, as of the Effective Time, into the right to
receive (y) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration plus (z) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration, if any, at the time and
subject to the contingencies set forth in the Merger Agreement. 

Series
F Preferred Stock 

On
February 22, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized Series F Preferred Stock and filed the Certificate of Designation with Nevada. The
Series F Preferred Stock have a par value of . The Series F Designation authorized the issuance of up to shares of the
Company s Series F Convertible Preferred Stock. At any time after the three year anniversary of the issuance of the shares of Series
F Preferred Stock (the Issuance Date ), each individual holder shall have the right, at each individual holder s sole
option, to convert all of the shares of Series F Preferred Stock that such individual holds into shares of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock in an amount equal to 8 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Each individual
holder of Series F Preferred Stock may only convert all of their shares of Series F Preferred Stock in one transaction. On any matter
presented to the stockholders of the Company for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Company each holder
of outstanding shares of Series F Preferred Stock will cast .
The holders are not entitled to receive dividends, nor are they entitled to receive any distributions in the event of any liquidation,
dissolution or winding down of the Company, either voluntarily or involuntarily. The Company determined that the conversion feature was
not required to be bifurcated as the conversion provision was determined to be clearly and closely related to the Series F Preferred
Stock host instrument. 

In
the case of any capital reorganization, any reclassification of the stock of the Company, or a Change in Control, the shares of Series
F Preferred Stock shall, at the effective time of such reorganization, reclassification, or Change in Control, be automatically converted
into the kind and number of shares of stock or other securities or property of the Company or of the entity resulting from such reorganization,
reclassification, or Change in Control to which such holder would have been entitled if immediately prior to such reorganization, reclassification,
or Change in Control it had converted its shares of Series F Preferred Stock into common stock. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company issued shares of Series F Preferred Stock to each of Gerald Easterling,
William Delgado and Thomas Untermeyer in consideration for their past and future services as executive officers of the Company, for a
total of shares of Series F Preferred Stock. The fair value of the stock compensation has been recognized based on the estimated
value of the instruments the Company would be obligated to provide to the holders upon conversion to common shares, which for all three
holders of Series F Preferred Stock would reflect 24 of the fair value of the outstanding common shares as of the grant date of March
1, 2022. Based on the number of outstanding shares of common stock plus shares payable, of , and the market value of the common
stock of on that date, the total stock compensation was . In accordance with ASC 718, as the shares are fully vested
on the grant date, as well as all services required to be provided have occurred, the stock compensation was immediately recognized. 

Common
Stock 

For
shares of common stock issued upon conversion of outstanding convertible debentures see Note 9. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement 

On
April 14, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor
(the Purchaser ), for the offering (the Offering of (i) worth of common stock Shares ),
par value per share, of the Company Common Stock at a per share purchase price of per Share (ii) common
stock purchase warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock, which are exercisable
for a period of five years after issuance at an initial exercise price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided
in the Warrants; and (iii) shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
on April 15, 2021, the Company received net proceeds of from the Purchaser. 

Further,
pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, from the date thereof until the date that is the twelve-month anniversary of the closing
of the Offering, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents for cash consideration,
indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing ), each Purchaser shall have the right to participate
in up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100 of the Subsequent Financing on the same terms, conditions and price provided
for in the Subsequent Financing. 

Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, on May 5, 2021, the Purchaser purchased an additional shares of common stock at a per share purchase
price of per share (the Second Closing ), for net proceeds of approximately . 

Additionally,
on May 20, 2021, the Purchaser purchased an additional shares of common stock at a price per share of per share Third
Closing ), for net proceeds of approximately . 

On
November 22, 2021, in relation to the SPA with a different holder for shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stock, GHS
entered into a waiver, whereby they waived their right to participate in a subsequent filing. Additionally, the exercise price on the
existing warrants to purchase shares of common stock was reduced to , as well as the issuance of warrants to purchase
 shares of common stock warrants, with an exercise price of . The modification on the change in the exercise price of the
warrants was estimated on November 22, 2021, by comparison of the fair value of the warrants with the original exercise price to the
fair value with the new exercise price, using Black Scholes Model, with the following inputs: the price of the Company s common
stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of , the expected volatility of the Company s common stock of ; the estimated
remaining term, a dividend rate of 0 , with a essentially no change in fair value. The newly issued warrants had a fair value of ,
which was estimated using the Black Scholes Model, with the same inputs, including the exercise price of . The warrants fair value
has been recognized as a liability, based on the fact it as it is not known if there will be sufficient authorized shares to be issued
upon settlement, based on the conversion terms of the existing convertible debt, with the April 12, 2021 warrants reclassed from equity
to warrant liability, and the newly issued warrants liability recognized as financing costs. 

GHS
2021 Purchase Agreement 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GHS (the June GHS Purchase Agreement for
the offering of up to (i) worth of common stock of the Company at a per share purchase price of and (ii) worth
of prefunded common stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of common stock, which are exercisable
upon issuance and shall not expire prior to exercise, and are subject to certain adjustments, as provided in the warrants. Pursuant to
the GHS 2021 Purchase Agreement, on June 28, 2021, GHS purchased shares of common stock and shares of common stock
underlying the prefunded warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of , less offering expenses of , for net proceeds
of . 

GHS
2022 Purchase Agreement 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the GHS Purchase Agreement with GHS Investments LLC GHS ),
an accredited investor, pursuant to which, the Company may require GHS to purchase a maximum of up to shares of the Company s
common stock GHS Purchase Shares based on a total aggregate purchase price of up to over a one-year term that
ends on November 4, 2023. Notwithstanding the foregoing dollar limitations, the Company and GHS
may, from time to time, mutually agree in writing to waive the aforementioned limitations for a relevant Purchase Notice, which waiver,
shall not exceed the beneficial ownership limitation contained in the GHS 2022 Purchase Agreement. The Company is to control
the timing and amount of any sales of GHS Purchase Shares to GHS. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for
working capital and general corporate purposes. 

. 

If
there are any default events, as set forth in the GHS Purchase Agreement, has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall not deliver
to GHS any Purchase Notice. 

Further,
pursuant to the terms of the GHS Purchase Agreement, from November 4, 2022 until the date that is the later of (i) the closing of the
transactions whereby Yotta Merger Sub, Inc. will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving company (the Merger 
and (ii) the 12 month anniversary of the first delivery of GHS Purchase Shares, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries
of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination of units thereof (a Subsequent
Financing ), GHS shall have the right to participate in any financing, up to an amount of the Subsequent Financing equal to 100 
of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in the Subsequent
Financing. Following the Merger, the Participation Maximum shall be 50 of the Subsequent Financing. 

In
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock at a net amount of approximately , at share
prices ranging from to . 

 Common
Shares Issued to Consultants 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant per the terms of an agreement from June 2021, to be
issued upon the approval of a patent. 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2021, three consultants were issued a total of approximately shares of common stock, with
a total fair value of approximately , based on the market price of on the grant date. 

On
April 14, 2021, shares of common stock were issued to a consultant per an agreement entered into on January 20, 2021 for advisory
services for a two-year period. The shares had a fair value of , based on the market price of on the grant date. A total
of common shares vested each quarter through October 1, 2022. 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with a consultant, with a three-month term, that shall automatically renew each three
months unless one party terminates the agreement. The compensation shall be in cash per month for the first six months and 
per month thereafter. Also included in compensation are shares of common stock, with a fair value of based upon the market
price of upon the grant date. The shares of common stock will vest in quarterly installments, with to vest immediately,
and each quarter at , and was fully vested by the year end March 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock Issued in Relation to Business Agreement 

As
of June 22, 2022, common shares were issued in relation to a trial distribution agreement entered into with a consultant who
was to introduce the Company to customers. Additionally, the consultant was also to assist the Company in the set-up of ancillary materials
used or useful in the delivery of live shrimp, including installation of necessary equipment and facilities, logistical support, training
of staff and packaging necessary for shipment of live shrimp. After the result of the trial period, the parties could have, but decided
not to, negotiate and execute a long-term distribution agreement. The shares will be paid for by the Company withholding sufficient profits
from the sale of the live shrimp to the customers introduced by the consultant. 

Common
Shares Issued to Employees 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, a number of new employees were granted a total of shares of common stock as signing bonuses, with
 issued, with a total fair value of approximately , based on the market price of on the grant date, with 
of the shares issued in the year ending March 31, 2023. 

warrants were also issued, which are exercisable
for a period of five years after issuance at an initial exercise price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided
in the Warrants (see Note 12 for more discussion) 

Additionally,
as noted in Note 12, on November 22, 2021, shares of common stock warrants, with an exercise price of , were issued in
relation to a waiver. As part of the waiver, the exercise price on the existing warrants to purchase shares of common stock
was reduced to . 

In
connection with the November 22, 2021 sale of Series E Preferred Stock (Note 12), options were issued, as well as approximately
 warrants were issued to placement agents. Additionally, in relation to the December 15, 2021, convertible note (Note 9) there
were warrants issued to placement agents with a fair value. 

No
warrants were issued in the year ended March 31, 2023, nor were any warrants exercised nor expired. The outstanding warrants have an
average strike price of , with remaining terms from to years. 

All
of the warrants issued have been recognized as a liability, based on the fact it as it is not known if there will be sufficient authorized
shares to be issued upon settlement. 

The
 warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2023, were revalued as of year-end for a fair value of , with a decrease in the
fair value of recognized on the Statement of Operations. The fair value was estimated using Black Scholes Model, with the
following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; a risk-free interest rate of , the expected volatility
of the Company s common stock of ; the estimated remaining term, a dividend rate of , 

owing to Chief Technology Officer CTO (which includes from consulting services prior to his employment),
including both accrued payroll and accrued allowances and expenses. In the current year the CTO forgave the prior amounts owed to him,
with a gain on settlement of accrued expenses recognized in the year ended March 31, 2023 consolidated statement of operations. 

Bonus
Compensation Related Party 

On
May 11, 2021, the Company paid the Chief Financial Officer CFO a bonus of . On August 10, 2021, the Board of
Directors ratified the bonus payment to the CFO and awarded the President and the CTO compensation bonuses of each. The bonuses
to the President and CTO are to be distributed within the next twelve months from the award date, and are included in accrued expenses,
related parties as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended March 31, 2022, was paid each to the President and CTO, with
a total of remaining in accrued expenses, related parties, as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

NaturalShrimp
Holdings, Inc. 

On
January 1, 2016 the Company entered into a notes payable agreement with NaturalShrimp Holdings, Inc.( NSH ), a shareholder.
The note payable has no set monthly payment or maturity date with a stated interest rate of . During the year ended March 31, 2022,
the Company paid off of the note payable. The outstanding balance is approximately as of both March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022. As of both March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, accrued interest payable was approximately . 

Promissory
Note 

On
August 10, 2022, the Company issued a loan agreement for , with related parties, which is to be considered priority debt of the
Company. As of this filing, five of the related parties have entered into promissory notes under the loan agreement for each,
for a total of cash received of . The notes bear interest at a per annum and are due in one year from the issuance date of
the notes. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the interest expense was . 

Shareholder
Notes 

The
Company has entered into several working capital notes payable to multiple shareholders of NSH and Bill Williams, a former officer and
director, and a shareholder of the Company, for a total of . The notes are unsecured and bear interest at . These notes had
stock issued in lieu of interest and have no set monthly payment or maturity date. The balance of these notes was as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is classified as a current liability on the consolidated balance sheets. As of March 31, 2023 and
March 31, 2022, accrued interest payable was approximately . 

Shareholders 

Beginning
in 2010, the Company started entering into several working capital notes payable with various shareholders of NSH for a total of 
and bearing interest at . The balance of these notes as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 was and is classified as a current
liability on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Permanent differences 

Valuation allowance 

Effective rate 

Other 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had approximately of federal net operating loss carry forwards. . Future utilization
of the net operating loss carry forwards is subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company
believes that the issuance of its common stock in exchange for Multiplayer Online Dragon, Inc. on January 30, 2015 resulted in an ownership
change under the rules and regulations of Section 382. Accordingly, the Company s ability to utilize their net operating
losses generated prior to this date is limited to approximately annually. 

To
the extent that the tax deduction is included in a net operating loss carry forward and is in excess of amounts recognized for book purposes,
no benefit will be recognized until the loss carry forward is recognized. Upon utilization and realization of the carry forward, the
corresponding change in the deferred asset and valuation allowance will be recorded as additional paid-in capital. 

The
Company provides for a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that it will not realize a portion of the deferred tax assets.
The Company has established a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty that enough taxable income
will be generated in those taxing jurisdictions to utilize the assets. Therefore, the Company has not reflected any benefit of such deferred
tax assets in the accompanying financial statements. The Company s net deferred tax asset and valuation allowance increased by
 and in the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company reviewed all income tax positions taken or that they expect to be taken for all open years and determined that the income tax
positions are appropriately stated and supported for all open years. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by
tax authorities for years after 2023 due to unexpired net operating loss carryforwards originating in and subsequent to that year. The
Company may be subject to income tax examinations for the various taxing authorities which vary by jurisdiction. 

, and will terminate on , for one of the spaces, and commence in the second half of 2022
for monthly rent of , and terminate on , for the second space. On June 2, 2021, the Company paid a deposit of 
which shall be applied to the last six months of the sublease term, and security deposit, which is included in Prepaid expenses
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The Company assessed its new office lease as an operating lease. 

At
inception, on August 1, 2021, the ROU and lease liability was calculated as approximately , based on the net present value of
the future lease payments over the term of the lease. When available, the Company uses the rate implicit in the lease discount payments
as the incremental borrowing rate to calculate the net present value; however, the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable
for their corporate office lease. In this case, the Company estimated its incremental borrowing rate of as the interest rate it
could have incurred to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment on a collateralized basis over
a term similar to the lease term . The Company estimated its rate based on observable risk-free interest rate and credit spreads for
commercial debt of a similar duration as to what rate would have been effective for the Company. 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company entered into an equipment lease agreement for VOIP phone equipment. The lease term is for sixty months,
with a monthly lease payment of approximately . The Company assessed the equipment lease as an operating lease. The Company determined
the Right of Use asset and Lease liability values at inception as approximately calculated at the present value of all future
lease payments for the lease term, using an incremental borrowing rate of . 

2025 

2026 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

. On May 4, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors approved a salary for Mr. Easterling of per annum. In addition, the Employment Agreement provides that the
employee is entitled, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company s Board of Directors, to receive performance bonuses.
Mr. Easterling will also be entitled to certain benefits including health insurance and monthly allowances for cell phone and automobile
expenses. 

The
Employment Agreement contains certain restrictive covenants relating to non-competition, non-solicitation of customers and non-solicitation
of employees for a period of one year following termination of the employee s Employment Agreement. 

Gary
Shover 

A
shareholder of NaturalShrimp Holdings, Inc. NSH ), Gary Shover, filed suit against the Company on August 11, 2020 in the
Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, alleging breach of contract for the Company s failure to exchange common shares of
the Company for shares Mr. Shover owns in NSH. On November 15, 2021, a hearing was held before the US District Court for the Northern
District of Texas, Dallas Division at which time Mr. Shover and the Company presented arguments as to why the Court should approve a
joint motion for settlement. After considering the argument of counsel and taking questions from those NSH Shareholders who were present
through video conferencing link, the Court approved the motion of the parties to allow Mr. Shover and all like and similarly situated
NSH Shareholders to exchange each share of NSH held by a NSH Shareholder for a share of the Company. A final Order was signed on December
6, 2021 and the case was closed by an Order of the Court of the same date. The Company is to issue approximately million shares in
settlement, which as of December 6, 2021 was recognized as stock payable on the Company s balance sheet, and its fair value of
 , based on the market value of the Company s common shares of on the date the case was closed, has been recognized
in the Company s statement of operations as legal settlement. As of March 31, 2022, of the shares presented in Stock
Payable have been issued, with the fair value of reclassified out of Stock Payable. In the year ended March 31, 2023, an additional
 of shares of common stock with a fair value of were issued out of the Stock Payable. 

Merger
Agreement 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (as it may be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Yotta Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation Yotta ),
and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Yotta Merger Sub ). The Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Transactions were approved by the board of directors of each of the Company,
Yotta, and Merger Sub. 

The
Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving
company (the Surviving Company in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, the Company shall be a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Yotta (the Merger ). In addition, Yotta will be renamed NaturalShrimp, Incorporated or such
other name as shall be designated by the Company. Other capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein have the respective meanings
given to such terms in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Merger Agreement provides for aggregate consideration to be issued to securityholders of the Company of shares (the Closing
Merger Consideration Shares of Yotta s common stock, par value per share Yotta Shares ), to be issued
at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time ), plus an additional 

In
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time each share of Common Stock outstanding
or deemed outstanding pursuant to the provisions discussed immediately below as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted
into the right to receive its allocable portion of the Closing Merger Consideration Shares and the Contingent Merger Consideration Shares
(to the extent the required revenue thresholds are met). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement and agreements that, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will enter into with holders
of such convertible securities, such convertible securities will be canceled prior to the closing of the Merger in exchange (except for
the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share (the Series A Preferred for a cash
payment or Yotta Shares as follows: (i) at the option of the holder thereof, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock
will be canceled in exchange for a cash payment based on the value thereof or treated as exercised for shares of Common Stock, in each
case based on an adjusted exercise price and as otherwise set forth in the Merger Agreement and/or the individual agreements, and if
treated as exercised, converted into the right to receive such deemed shares of Common Stock s allocable portion of the Closing
Merger Consideration Shares and the Contingent Merger Consideration Shares; (ii) each outstanding share of Series F Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company, par value per share, will be canceled and treated as if converted into shares of Common Stock at an adjusted
conversion rate as set forth in the Merger Agreement and/or such individual agreements, and converted into the right to receive such
deemed shares of Common Stock s allocable portion of the Closing Merger Consideration Shares and the Contingent Merger Consideration
Shares; and (iii) each outstanding share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, par value per share (the Series
E Preferred ), will be canceled and treated as if converted into shares of Common Stock at an adjusted conversion rate as set forth
in the Merger Agreement and/or such individual agreements, and converted into the right to receive such deemed shares of Common Stock s
allocable portion of the Closing Merger Consideration Shares and the Contingent Merger Consideration Shares. In addition, each holder
of Series E Preferred will be entitled to receive at the Effective Time an additional number of Closing Merger Consideration Shares as
are necessary to ensure that the per-share value of the Yotta Shares that such stockholder is entitled to receive is not less than the
per-share value (based on the effective purchase price) of the aggregate Yotta Shares then held by any Yotta stockholder after taking
into account any newly-issued Yotta Shares that such Yotta stockholder acquires directly from Yotta prior to the closing of the Merger
(the Closing (which will reduce the number of Closing Merger Consideration Shares that will be issued to the Company s
other securities holders). The Series A Preferred will be cancelled and retired without any conversion thereof and for no consideration. 

As
noted in Notes 8, 9 and 12, the Company entered into Restructuring Agreements as required in the Merger Agreement. 

The
Business Combination is expected to be accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization of NaturalShrimp into Yotta in accordance
with GAAP because NaturalShrimp has been determined to be the accounting acquirer under ASC 805 under the no-redemption and full redemption
scenarios. Under this method of accounting, Yotta will be treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes.
Accordingly, the combined assets, liabilities and results of operations of NaturalShrimp will become the historical financial statements
of NaturalShrimp Incorporated, and Yotta s assets, liabilities and results of operations will be consolidated with NaturalShrimp
beginning on the acquisition date. For accounting purposes, the financial statements of NaturalShrimp Incorporated will represent a continuation
of the financial statements of NaturalShrimp with the transaction being treated as the equivalent of NaturalShrimp issuing stock for
the net assets of Yotta, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Yotta will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill
or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination will be presented as those of NaturalShrimp in future
reports of NaturalShrimp Incorporated. 

shares of common stock at a gross amount of approximately , at
share prices ranging from to . 

10,000,000
Common Stock Equity Financing 

On
April 28, 2023, the Company entered into an Equity Financing Agreement Equity Financing Agreement and Registration
Rights Agreement with GHS. Under the terms of the Equity Financing Agreement, GHS agreed to provide the Company with up to 
upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). The Registration Statement has not yet been filed. 

Following
effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company shall have the discretion to deliver puts to GHS and GHS will be obligated to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock based on the investment
amount specified in each put notice. of the average daily trading dollar volume of the Company s Common Stock during the ten trading days preceding the put, so long as such amount does not equal less than ten thousand dollars 10,000) or greater than one million
dollars 1,000,000). Pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement, GHS and its affiliates will not be permitted to purchase and the Company
may not put shares of the Company s Common Stock to GHS that would result in GHS s beneficial ownership equaling more than
4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The price of each put share shall be equal to eighty percent (80 of the Market
Price (as defined in the Equity Financing Agreement). Following an up-list to the NASDAQ or equivalent national exchange, the price of
each put share shall be equal to ninety percent (90 of the Market Price, subject to a floor price of 1.00 per share. Puts may be delivered
by the Company to GHS until the earlier of twenty-four (24) months after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the date
on which GHS has purchased an aggregate of 10,000,000 worth of Common Stock under the terms of the Equity Financing Agreement. 

GHS
Purchase Agreement 

On
May 9, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the GHS Purchase Agreement with GHS pursuant which the Company
may require GHS to purchase a maximum of up to shares of the Company s common stock GHS Purchase Shares based on a total aggregate purchase price of up to over a one-year term that ends on May 9, 2024. The Company intends to use
the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

The
GHS Purchase Agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the agreement, the Company
has the right from time to time during the term of the agreement, in its sole discretion, to deliver to GHS a purchase notice (a Purchase
Notice directing GHS to purchase (each, a GHS Purchase a specified number of GHS Purchase Shares. 

If
there are any default events, as set forth in the GHS Purchase Agreement, has occurred and is continuing, the Company shall not deliver
to GHS any Purchase Notice. 

Further,
pursuant to the terms of the GHS Purchase Agreement, from May 9, 2023 until the date that is the later of (i) the closing of the transactions
whereby Yotta Merger Sub, Inc. will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving company (the Merger 
and (ii) the 12 month anniversary of the initial closing pursuant to the Section 2(a) of GHS Purchase Agreement, upon any issuance by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination
of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing ), GHS shall have the right to participate in any financing, up to an amount of
the Subsequent Financing equal to 100 of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum on the same terms, conditions
and price provided for in the Subsequent Financing. Following the Merger, the Participation Maximum shall be 50 of the Subsequent Financing. 

Series
E Preferred Stock 

On
May 1, 2023, one of the holders converted Series E Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. The conversion represented
their remaining Series E Preferred Stock, including the 10 increase and accrued dividends in kind. 

April
2023 Promissory Note 

On
April 21, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with Yotta Investment LLC, with no interest to accrue on the principal
balance. The promissory note is to be settled on the date of closing of the business combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement
with Yotta. 

May
2023 Promissory Note 

On
May 17, 2023, the Company entered into an additional promissory note with Yotta Investment LLC, with no interest to accrue
on the principal balance. The promissory note is to be settled on the date of closing of the business combination contemplated by
the Merger Agreement with Yotta. 

F- 31 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

RESTRUCTURING
AGREEMENT 

This
Restructuring Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of November __, 2022, by and between STREETERVILLE CAPITAL,
LLC, a Utah limited liability company Lender ), and NATURALSHRIMP INCORPORATED, a Nevada corporation Borrower ).
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Senior Note (as defined below). 

A. Borrower
previously issued to Lender a Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated December 15, 2021, in the principal amount of 16,320,000.00
(as amended by those certain Amendments thereto, dated as of February 7, 2022, May 18, 2022, and August 17, 2022, respectively, the Senior
Note ). 

B. Borrower
previously issued to Lender a Secured Promissory Note dated August 17, 2022 in the principal amount of 5,443,333.33 (the August
Note , and, together with the Senior Note, the Notes ). 

C. Borrower
previously issued to the Lender a Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 22, 2021 (the Warrant ), exercisable
for 1,500,000 shares of the Borrower s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Company Common Stock ). 

D. Borrower
previously issued to Lender shares of Borrower s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Recitals .
Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true and accurate and are
hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2. Warrant .
The Warrant, none of which has been exercised, shall be, in accordance with that certain merger agreement dated as of October 24, 2022,
by and among Borrower, Yotta Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation Parent ), and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation (the Merger Agreement ), at Lender s option in accordance with notice provided to Borrower
pursuant to Section 16 hereof at least five business days prior to Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement) either: (a) contingent
on and effective at Closing, cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the per Warrant Share (as defined in the Warrant) value
thereof based on the Black Scholes Value (as defined in the Warrant) multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares on the Closing Date (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) and an Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrant) equal to 80 of the average volume weighted average
price of the Company Common Stock during the five trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Adjusted Exercise
Price ); or (b) as of the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), canceled and treated as if exercised for that
number of shares of Company Common Stock calculated using the Black Scholes Value, the number of Warrant Shares on the Closing Date and
the Adjusted Exercise Price, with the shares of Company Common Stock that would have been due to Lender as a result of such exercise
of the Warrant treated as issued to Lender and converted into the right to receive (i) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration (as
defined in the Merger Agreement) plus (ii) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if any,
at the time and subject to the contingencies set forth in Section 3.7 of the Merger Agreement. In addition, in the event that Lender
elects the option set forth in clause (b) of this Section 2, the calculation set forth in Section 3(b) below will also apply to the shares
receivable by Lender pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 2. 

3. Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock . 

(a) All
 of the shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock owned beneficially and of record by
 Lender immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and treated as if converted
 into that number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to (i) the Stated Value (as defined
 in the Certificate of Designations of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock) per share
 plus any unpaid dividends, multiplied by 1.25, divided by (ii) 80 of the average volume
 weighted average price of the Company Common Stock during the five trading day period immediately
 prior to the Closing Date. The shares of Company Common Stock that would have been due to
 the holder as a result of the conversion of such shares of Series E Convertible Preferred
 Stock shall be treated as issued to Lender and converted, as of the Effective Time, into
 the right to receive (y) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration plus (z) the Additional
 Per Share Merger Consideration, if any, at the time and subject to the contingencies set
 forth in Section 3.7 of the Merger Agreement. 

(b) Notwithstanding
 the foregoing Section 3(a), in addition to the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (as
 defined in the Merger Agreement) that Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3(a),
 Lender shall be entitled to receive, upon the Effective Time, an additional number of Closing
 Merger Consideration Shares as are necessary to ensure that the per-share value of the shares
 of Parent Common Stock that Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3(a) is not
 less than the per-share value (based on the effective purchase price) of the aggregate shares
 of Parent Common Stock then held by any Parent Stockholder (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
 after taking into account any newly-issued shares of Parent Common Stock that such Parent
 Stockholder acquires directly from Parent subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement
 and prior to the Closing. For clarification, any calculation pursuant to this Section 3(b)
 shall not reference, include, or consider the issuance or other status of the Sponsor Forfeiture
 Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

4. Senior
Note . The Senior Note shall be amended and restated in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A and issued by Borrower to Lender concurrent
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

5. August
Note . The August Note shall be amended and restated in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B and issued by Borrower to Lender concurrent
with the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 

2 

6. Series
A Preferred Stock . Borrower hereby represents, warrants and covenants that the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of Borrower, par
value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of immediately before the Effective Time will, at the Effective Time, be cancelled and retired
without any conversion thereof and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange therefor. 

7. Series
F Preferred Stock . Borrower hereby represents, warrants, and covenants that the shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock of
Borrower, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding as of immediately before the Effective Time will convert, in accordance with and pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, into no more than 25 of the Closing Merger Consideration Shares issuable on the Closing Date. 

8. S-3
Filing . Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct an offering of Company Common Stock registered under its existing
S-3 Registration Statement in amount of up to 5,000,000 by February 21, 2023. 

9. Representations
and Warranties . In order to induce Lender to enter into this Agreement, Borrower, for itself, and for its affiliates, successors
and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: 

(a) Borrower
has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein, all
of which have been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action. No consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice to
any governmental authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations
of Borrower hereunder. 

(b) There
is no fact known to Borrower or that should be known to Borrower that Borrower has not disclosed to Lender on or prior to the date of
this Agreement that would or could materially and adversely affect the understanding of Lender expressed in this Agreement or any representation,
warranty, or recital contained herein. 

(c) Except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Borrower acknowledges and agrees that neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement
nor any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or agreements contained in this Agreement shall in any manner release, impair, lessen, modify,
waive, or otherwise affect the liability and obligations of Borrower under the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

(d) Borrower
has no defenses, affirmative or otherwise, rights of setoff, rights of recoupment, claims, counterclaims, actions or causes of action
of any kind or nature whatsoever against Lender, directly or indirectly, arising out of, based upon, or in any manner connected with,
the transactions contemplated hereby, whether known or unknown, which occurred, existed, was taken, permitted, or begun prior to the
execution of this Agreement and occurred, existed, was taken, permitted or begun in accordance with, pursuant to, or by virtue of any
of the terms or conditions of the Transaction Documents. To the extent any such defenses, affirmative or otherwise, rights of setoff,
rights of recoupment, claims, counterclaims, actions or causes of action exist or existed, such defenses, rights, claims, counterclaims,
actions and causes of action are hereby waived, discharged and released. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that the execution of
this Agreement by Lender shall not constitute an acknowledgment of or admission by Lender of the existence of any claims or of liability
for any matter or precedent upon which any claim or liability may be asserted. 

3 

(e) All
shares issued pursuant to this Agreement will be included on the Form S-4 Registration Statement filed by Parent in connection with the
Merger Agreement. 

(f) The
Senior Note and the August Note will both be assumed by the Parent as of the Effective Time. 

10. Events
of Defaults . To the extent any Event of Default has occurred prior to the date hereof under the Transaction Documents, Lender hereby
waives any such Event of Default. 

11. Certain
Acknowledgments . Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that no property or cash consideration of any kind whatsoever has been
or shall be given by Lender to Borrower in connection with this Agreement or any other amendment to the Notes granted herein. 

12. Other
Terms Unchanged . Each of the Notes, as amended by this Agreement, remains and continues in full force and effect, constitutes legal,
valid, and binding obligations of each of the parties, and is in all respects agreed to, ratified, and confirmed. Any reference to either
or both of the Notes after the date of this Agreement is deemed to be a reference to the Note(s) as amended by this Agreement. If there
is a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and a Note, the terms of this Agreement shall control. Except as expressly set forth
herein, the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of, or as an amendment to, any right,
power, or remedy of Lender under the Notes, as in effect prior to the date hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement shall be
subject to the governing law, venue, and Arbitration Provisions, as set forth in each Note. 

13. No
Reliance . Borrower acknowledges and agrees that neither Lender nor any of its officers, directors, equity holders, representatives
or agents has made any representations or warranties to Borrower or any of its agents, representatives, officers, directors, members,
managers, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter
into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Borrower is not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of
Lender or its officers, directors, equity holders, agents or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

14. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic
signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart
so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

4 

15. Further
Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to
carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

16. Notices .
Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed effectively
given on the earliest of: (i) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor or by email to
an executive officer named below or such officer s successor, or by facsimile (with successful transmission confirmation which
is kept by sending party), (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the United
States Postal Service by certified mail, or (iii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after mailing by express
courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the following
addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by five (5) calendar days advance written notice similarly given
to each of the other parties hereto): 

If
to Borrower: 

NaturalShrimp
Incorporated 

 Attn:
Gerald Easterling 

 5501
LBJ Freeway, Suite 450 

 Dallas,
Texas 75240 

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 

Lucosky
Brookman LLP 

 101
Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor 

 Woodbridge,
NJ 08830 

 Telephone:
(732) 395-4400 

 E-mail:
jlucosky@lucbro.com 

 Attention:
Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq. 

If
to Lender: 

Streeterville
Capital, LLC 

 Attn:
John Fife 

 303
East Wacker Drive, Suite 1040 

 Chicago,
Illinois 60601 

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 

 Hansen
Black Anderson Ashcraft PLLC 

 Attn:
Jonathan Hansen 

 3051
West Maple Loop Drive, Suite 325 

 Lehi,
Utah 84043 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

LENDER: 

Streeterville Capital, LLC 

By: 

John M. Fife, President 

BORROWER: 

NaturalShrimp Incorporated 

By: 

Gerald Easterling, President and CEO 

[Signature Page to Restructuring Agreement] 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Effective Date:
 August 17, 2022 
 U.S. 1,748,666.67 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, NATURALSHRIMP INCORPORATED, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), promises to pay to STREETERVILLE CAPITAL,
LLC, a Utah limited liability company, or its successors or assigns Lender ), 1,748,666.67 and any interest, fees,
charges, and late fees accrued hereunder on the date that is nine (9) months after the Purchase Price Date (the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms set forth herein and to pay interest on the Outstanding Balance at the rate of twelve percent (12 per
annum from the Purchase Price Date until the same is paid in full. All interest calculations hereunder shall be computed on the basis
of a 360-day year comprised of twelve (12) thirty (30) day months, shall compound daily and shall be payable in accordance with the terms
of this Note. This Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note (this Note is issued and made effective as of the
date set forth above (the Effective Date ). This Note is issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement
dated August 17, 2022, as the same may be amended from time to time, by and between Borrower and Lender (the Purchase Agreement ).
This Note amends and restates in its entirety that certain Secured Promissory Note issued by the Borrower to the Lender on August 17,
2022. 

This
Note carries an OID of 138,666.67. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay 10,000.00 to Lender to cover Lender s legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of this Note (the Transaction
Expense Amount ), all of which amount is fully earned and included in the initial principal balance of this Note. The purchase
price for this Note shall be 1,600,000.00 (the Purchase Price ), computed as follows: 1,748,666.67 original principal
balance, less the OID, less the Transaction Expense Amount. The Purchase Price shall be payable by Lender by wire transfer of immediately
available funds. 

1.
 Payment; Prepayment . 

1.1.
 Payment . All payments owing hereunder shall be in lawful money of the United States of America and delivered to Lender at the
address or bank account furnished to Borrower for that purpose. All payments shall be applied first to (a) costs of collection, if any,
then to (b) fees and charges, if any, then to (c) accrued and unpaid interest, and thereafter, to (d) principal. All payments by Borrower
hereunder (including repayment of this Note at maturity, if applicable) shall be subject to an exit fee of 15 of the portion of the
Outstanding Balance being paid (the Exit Fee ). For purposes of clarity, Borrower shall make all payments to Lender
in an amount equal to 115 multiplied by the portion of the Outstanding Balance being paid. 

1.2.
 Prepayment . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall have the right to prepay all or any portion of the Outstanding Balance.
If Borrower exercises its right to prepay this Note, Borrower shall include in such payment the Exit Fee. 

1.3.
 Reserved . 

1.4.
 Merger Agreement . In the event that the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement) shall not occur on or before December 31,
2022, the then-current Outstanding Balance will be increased by two percent (2 and shall increase by two (2 percent every thirty
(30) days thereafter until the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement. 

2.
 Security . This Note is secured by the Security Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), executed by Borrower in favor
of Lender encumbering the collateral set forth therein, as more specifically set forth in the Security Agreement, all the terms and conditions
of which are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Note. 

3.
 Trigger Events, Defaults and Remedies . 

3.1.
 Trigger Events . The following are trigger events under this Note (each, a Trigger Event ): (a) Borrower fails
to pay any principal, interest, fees, charges, or any other amount when due and payable hereunder; (b) a receiver, trustee or other similar
official shall be appointed over Borrower or a material part of its assets and such appointment shall remain uncontested for twenty (20)
days or shall not be dismissed or discharged within sixty (60) days; (c) Borrower becomes insolvent or generally fails to pay, or admits
in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any; (d) Borrower makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; (e) Borrower files a petition for relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law (domestic
or foreign); (f) an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding is commenced or filed against Borrower; (g) Borrower or any pledgor, trustor, or
guarantor of this Note defaults or otherwise fails to observe or perform any covenant, obligation, condition or agreement of Borrower
or such pledgor, trustor, or guarantor contained herein or in any other Transaction Document (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in
any material respect, other than those specifically set forth in this Section 4.1 and Section 4 of the Purchase Agreement; (h) any representation,
warranty or other statement made or furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender herein, in any Transaction Document, or otherwise
in connection with the issuance of this Note is false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any material respect when made or furnished;
(i) the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction without Lender s prior written consent unless this Note is paid in full in connection
with such Fundamental Transaction, in which case no consent will be required; (j) Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common
Stock without twenty (20) Trading Days prior written notice to Lender unless the reverse split is required to maintain compliance with
the minimum bid price requirements of the principal market; (k) any money judgment, writ or similar process is entered or filed against
Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower or any of its property or other assets for more than 500,000.00, and shall remain unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) calendar days unless otherwise consented to by Lender; (l) Borrower fails to be DWAC
Eligible; (m) Borrower fails to observe or perform any covenant set forth in Section 4 of the Purchase Agreement and such failure to
observe or perform is not cured within five (5) Trading Days of the occurrence thereof; and (n) Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower,
breaches any covenant or other term or condition contained in any Other Agreements in any material respect. 

3.2.
 Trigger Event Remedies . At any time following the occurrence of any Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, increase the Outstanding
Balance by applying the Trigger Effect (subject to the limitation set forth below). 

3.3.
 Defaults . At any time following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, send written notice to Borrower
demanding that Borrower cure the Trigger Event within five (5) Trading Days, which such written notice shall be in addition to the cure
periods otherwise provided herein. If Borrower fails to cure the Trigger Event within the required five (5) Trading Day cure period,
the Trigger Event will automatically become an event of default hereunder (each, an Event of Default ). 

3.4.
 Default Remedies . At any time and from time to time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may accelerate this
Note by written notice to Borrower, with the Outstanding Balance becoming immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default
Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of any Trigger Event described in clauses (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) of Section
4.1, an Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred and the Outstanding Balance as of the date of the occurrence of such Trigger
Event shall become immediately and automatically due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount, without any written notice
required by Lender for the Trigger Event to become an Event of Default. At any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default,
upon written notice given by Lender to Borrower, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Balance beginning on the date the applicable
Event of Default occurred at an interest rate equal to the lesser of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted under
applicable law Default Interest ). In connection with acceleration described herein, Lender need not provide, and
Borrower hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and Lender may immediately and without expiration
of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable
law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Lender at any time prior to payment hereunder and Lender shall have all rights
as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as Lender receives full payment pursuant to this Section 3.4. No such rescission or
annulment shall affect any subsequent Trigger Event or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Nothing herein shall
limit Lender s right to pursue any other remedies available to it at law or in equity. 

4.
 Unconditional Obligation; No Offset . Borrower acknowledges that this Note is an unconditional, valid, binding and enforceable
obligation of Borrower not subject to offset, deduction or counterclaim of any kind. Borrower hereby waives any rights of offset it now
has or may have hereafter against Lender, its successors and assigns, and agrees to make the payments called for herein in accordance
with the terms of this Note. 

5.
 Waiver . No waiver of any provision of this Note shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting
the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or consent
to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit
a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing. 

6.
 Restriction on Equity Sales . If at any time after the date that is six (6) months from the Purchase Price Date, Borrower is unable
to issue Common Stock to Lender as result of any lock-up or other agreement or restriction prohibiting the issuance of Common Stock for
a certain period of time, then the Outstanding Balance will automatically be increased by one and a half percent (1.5 (the Lockup
Fee for each thirty (30) day period that Borrower is prohibited from issuing Common Stock (which increase shall be pro-rated
for any partial period). For the avoidance of doubt, such increase to the Outstanding Balance shall be in addition to all other rights
and remedies available to Lender under this Note and the other Transaction Documents and shall not be in lieu of, nor deemed to be a
waiver of any other rights or remedies available to Lender under this Note or any of the other Transaction Documents. Lender agrees to
sign one lockup agreement for the issuance of Common Stock to Lender under this Note entered into in connection with a public offering
not to exceed ninety (90) days in a customary form upon request of Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, either Lender or Borrower entering
into a lockup agreement shall not affect Lender s ability to charge the Lockup Fee pursuant to this Section 6. 

7.
 Payment of Collection Costs . If this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing
arbitration or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Lender otherwise takes
action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note, then Borrower shall pay the reasonable costs
incurred by Lender for such collection, enforcement or action including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. 

8.
 Governing Law; Venue . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to determine
the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. 

9.
 Notices . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled Notices. 

10.
 Liquidated Damages . Lender and Borrower agree that in the event Borrower fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of
this Note, Lender s damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties 
inability to predict future interest rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly, Lender
and Borrower agree that any fees, balance adjustments, Default Interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not penalties but
instead are intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Lender s and Borrower s expectations
that any such liquidated damages will tack back to the Purchase Price Date for purposes of determining the holding period under Rule
144). 

11.
 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH OF LENDER AND BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED
BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW,
RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY S RIGHT
TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY. 

12.
 Voluntary Agreement . Borrower has carefully read this Note and has asked any questions needed for Borrower to understand the terms,
consequences and binding effect of this Note and fully understand them. Borrower has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney
of Borrower s choosing, or has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Note voluntarily and without any duress or undue
influence by Lender or anyone else. 

13.
 Severability . If any part of this Note is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the
objective of Borrower and Lender to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. 

14.
 Definitions . For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

DTC 
means the Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto. 

DTC/FAST
Program means the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer program. 

DWAC 
means the DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system. 

DWAC
Eligible means that (a) Borrower s Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTC s operational
arrangements, including without limitation transfer through DTC s DWAC system; (b) Borrower has been approved (without revocation)
by DTC s underwriting department; and (c) Borrower s transfer agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program. 

Fundamental
Transaction means that (a) (i) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions,
consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not Borrower or any of its subsidiaries is the surviving corporation) any other person
or entity, or (ii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, sell, lease,
license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its respective properties or assets to any other
person or entity, or (iii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, allow
any other person or entity to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than 50 of the outstanding
shares of voting stock of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the person or persons making or party
to, or associated or affiliated with the persons or entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer), or (iv) Borrower
or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consummate a stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement)
with any other person or entity whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50 of the outstanding shares of voting stock
of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the other persons or entities making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination),
or (v) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, reorganize, recapitalize
or reclassify the Common Stock, other than an increase in the number of authorized shares of Borrower s Common Stock, or (b) any
 person or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 1934 Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding voting stock of
Borrower. 

Major
Trigger Event means any Trigger Event occurring under Sections 3.1(a) (f), (i) and (m). 

Mandatory
Default Amount means the Outstanding Balance following the application of the Trigger Effect. 

Market
Capitalization means a number equal to (a) the average VWAP of the Common Stock for the immediately preceding fifteen (15)
Trading Days, multiplied by (b) the aggregate number of outstanding Common Stock as reported on Borrower s most recently filed
Form 10-Q or Form 10-K. 

Merger
Agreement means that certain merger agreement dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among the Company, Yotta Acquisition Corporation,
a Delaware corporation, and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Minor
Trigger Event means any Trigger Event that is not a Major Trigger Event. 

OID 
means an original issue discount. 

Other
Agreements means, collectively, all existing and future agreements and instruments between, among or by Borrower (or it subsidiary),
on the one hand, and Lender (or an affiliate), on the other hand. 

Outstanding
Balance means as of any date of determination, the Purchase Price, as reduced or increased, as the case may be, pursuant to
the terms hereof for payment, offset, or otherwise, plus the OID, the Transaction Expense Amount, accrued but unpaid interest, collection
and enforcements costs (including attorneys fees) incurred by Lender, transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, and any other
fees or charges incurred under this Note. 

Purchase
Price Date means the date the Purchase Price is delivered by Lender to Borrower. 

Trading
Day means any day on which Borrower s principal market is open for trading. 

Trigger
Effect means multiplying the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred by (a) fifteen percent
(15 for each occurrence of any Major Trigger Event, or (b) five percent (5 for each occurrence of any Minor Trigger Event, and then
adding the resulting product to the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred, with the sum of the foregoing
then becoming the Outstanding Balance under this Note as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred; provided that the Trigger
Effect may only be applied two (2) times hereunder with respect to Major Trigger Events and two (2) times hereunder with respect to Minor
Trigger Events. 

VWAP 
means the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock on the principal market for a particular Trading Day or set of Trading Days,
as the case may be, as reported by Bloomberg. 

15.
 Resolution of Disputes . By its issuance or acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions,
in the case of a dispute as to any Calculation (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), such dispute will be resolved in the manner set
forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

16.
 Cancellation . After repayment or conversion of the entire Outstanding Balance, this Note shall be deemed paid in full, shall automatically
be deemed canceled, and shall not be reissued. 

17.
 Amendments . The prior written consent of both parties hereto shall be required for any change or amendment to this Note. 

18.
 Assignments . Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. This Note and any Common Stock issued
upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by Lender without the consent of Borrower. 

[ Remainder
of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows ] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Effective Date. 

BORROWER: 

NaturalShrimp
 Incorporated 

By : 

Gerald
 Easterling, Chief Executive Officer 

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

LENDER: 

Streeterville
 Capital, LLC 

By: 

John M. Fife, President 

[Signature
Page to Secured Promissory Note] 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 ex4-6.htm

Exhibit
4.6 

RESTRUCTURING
AGREEMENT 

This
Restructuring Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of November __, 2022, by and between GHS INVESTMENTS,
LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Holder ), and NATURALSHRIMP INCORPORATED, a Nevada corporation Company ).
Capitalized terms used in this Agreement without definition shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant (as defined below). 

A.
Company previously issued to the Holder a warrant, dated ________ (the Warrant ), exercisable to purchase ________
shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Company Common Stock ). 

B.
Company previously issued to Holder shares of Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the
 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1.
 Recitals . Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the recitals set forth above in this Agreement are true and
accurate and are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement. 

2.
 Warrants . The Warrant, none of which has been exercised, shall be, in accordance with that certain merger agreement dated as of
October 24, 2022, by and among Company, Yotta Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation Parent ), and Yotta
Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Merger Agreement ), at Holder s option in accordance with notice
provided to Company pursuant to Section 16 hereof at least five business days prior to Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement) either:
(a) contingent on and effective at Closing, cancelled in exchange for a cash payment equal to the per Warrant Share (as defined in the
Warrant) value thereof based on the Black Scholes Value (as defined in the Warrant) multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares on the
Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and an Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrant) equal to 80 of the average volume
weighted average price of the Company Common Stock during the five trading day period immediately prior to the Closing Date (the Adjusted
Exercise Price ); or (b) as of the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), canceled and treated as if exercised
for that number of shares of Company Common Stock calculated using the Black Scholes Value, the number of Warrant Shares on the Closing
Date and the Adjusted Exercise Price, with the shares of Company Common Stock that would have been due to Holder as a result of such
exercise of the Warrant treated as issued to Holder and converted into the right to receive (i) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) plus (ii) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration (as defined in the Merger Agreement), if
any, at the time and subject to the contingencies set forth in Section 3.7 of the Merger Agreement. In addition, in the event that Holder
elects the option set forth in clause (b) of this Section 2, the calculation set forth in Section 3(b) below will also apply to the shares
receivable by Holder pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 2. 

3.
 Series E Convertible Preferred Stock . 

(a) 
 All of the shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock owned beneficially and of record by Holder immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be canceled and treated as if converted into that number of shares of Company Common Stock equal to (i) the Stated Value (as
defined in the Certificate of Designations of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock) per share plus any unpaid dividends, multiplied
by 1.25, divided by (ii) 80 of the average volume weighted average price of the Company Common Stock during the five trading day period
immediately prior to the Closing Date. The shares of Company Common Stock that would have been due to the holder as a result of the conversion
of such shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock shall be treated as issued to Holder and converted, as of the Effective Time,
into the right to receive (y) the Closing Per Share Merger Consideration plus (z) the Additional Per Share Merger Consideration, if any,
at the time and subject to the contingencies set forth in Section 3.7 of the Merger Agreement. 

(b) 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing Section 3(a), in addition to the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
that Holder is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3(a), Holder shall be entitled to receive, upon the Effective Time, an additional
number of Closing Merger Consideration Shares as are necessary to ensure that the per-share value of the shares of Parent Common Stock
that Holder is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3(a) is not less than the per-share value (based on the effective purchase price)
of the aggregate shares of Parent Common Stock then held by any Parent Stockholder (as defined in the Merger Agreement) after taking
into account any newly-issued shares of Parent Common Stock that such Parent Stockholder acquires directly from Parent subsequent to
the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the Closing. For clarification, any calculation pursuant to this Section 3(b) shall not
reference, include, or consider the issuance or other status of the Sponsor Forfeiture Shares (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 

4.
 Representations and Warranties . In order to induce Holder to enter into this Agreement, Company, for itself, and for its affiliates,
successors and assigns, hereby acknowledges, represents, warrants and agrees as follows: 

(a)
Company has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to incur and perform all obligations and covenants contained herein,
all of which have been duly authorized by all proper and necessary action. No consent, approval, filing or registration with or notice
to any governmental authority is required as a condition to the validity of this Agreement or the performance of any of the obligations
of Company hereunder. 

(b)
There is no fact known to Company or that should be known to Company that Company has not disclosed to Holder on or prior to the date
of this Agreement that would or could materially and adversely affect the understanding of Holder expressed in this Agreement or any
representation, warranty, or recital contained herein. 

(c)
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement
nor any of the terms, provisions, covenants, or agreements contained in this Agreement shall in any manner release, impair, lessen, modify,
waive, or otherwise affect the liability and obligations of Company under the terms of the Transaction Documents. 

(d)
Company has no defenses, affirmative or otherwise, rights of setoff, rights of recoupment, claims, counterclaims, actions or causes of
action of any kind or nature whatsoever against Holder, directly or indirectly, arising out of, based upon, or in any manner connected
with, the transactions contemplated hereby, whether known or unknown, which occurred, existed, was taken, permitted, or begun prior to
the execution of this Agreement and occurred, existed, was taken, permitted or begun in accordance with, pursuant to, or by virtue of
any of the terms or conditions of the Transaction Documents. To the extent any such defenses, affirmative or otherwise, rights of setoff,
rights of recoupment, claims, counterclaims, actions or causes of action exist or existed, such defenses, rights, claims, counterclaims,
actions and causes of action are hereby waived, discharged and released. Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that the execution of
this Agreement by Holder shall not constitute an acknowledgment of or admission by Holder of the existence of any claims or of liability
for any matter or precedent upon which any claim or liability may be asserted. 

(e)
All shares issued pursuant to this Agreement will be included on the Form S-4 Registration Statement filed by Parent in connection with
the Merger Agreement. 

5.
 Certain Acknowledgments . Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that no property or cash consideration of any kind whatsoever
has been or shall be given by Holder to Company in connection with this Agreement or any other amendment to the Notes granted herein. 

6.
 No Reliance . Company acknowledges and agrees that neither Holder nor any of its officers, directors, equity holders, representatives
or agents has made any representations or warranties to Company or any of its agents, representatives, officers, directors, members,
managers, or employees except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and, in making its decision to enter
into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Company is not relying on any representation, warranty, covenant or promise of
Holder or its officers, directors, equity holders, agents or representatives other than as set forth in this Agreement. 

7.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including
pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com) or other transmission method
and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. 

8.
 Further Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

9.
 Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be
deemed effectively given on the earliest of: (i) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against written receipt therefor
or by email to an executive officer named below or such officer s successor, or by facsimile (with successful transmission confirmation
which is kept by sending party), (ii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the
United States Postal Service by certified mail, or (iii) the earlier of the date delivered or the third Trading Day after mailing by
express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case, addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the
following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may designate by five (5) calendar days advance written notice similarly
given to each of the other parties hereto): 

If
to Company: 

NaturalShrimp
Incorporated 

 Attn:
Gerald Easterling 

 5501
LBJ Freeway, Suite 450 

 Dallas,
Texas 75240 

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 

Lucosky
Brookman LLP 

 101
Wood Avenue South, 5th Floor 

 Woodbridge,
NJ 08830 

 Telephone:
(732) 395-4400 

 E-mail:
jlucosky@lucbro.com 

 Attention:
Joseph M. Lucosky, Esq. 

If
to Holder: 

With
a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice): 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

HOLDER: 

GHS
 INVESTMENTS, LLC 

By: 

COMPANY: 

NaturalShrimp
 Incorporated 

By: 

Printed
 Name: 
 Gerald
 Easterling 

Title: 
 President
 / CEO 

[Signature
Page] 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.10>
 5
 ex4-10.htm

Exhibit
4.10 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Effective
 Date: December 15, 2021 U.S. 16,320,000.00 
 U.S.
 16,320,000.00 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, NaturalShrimp Incorporated, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), promises to pay to Streeterville Capital,
LLC, a Utah limited liability company, or its successors or assigns Lender ), 16,320,000.00 and any interest, fees,
charges, and late fees accrued hereunder on the date set forth in Section 1.7 (the Maturity Date in accordance
with the terms set forth herein and to pay interest on the Outstanding Balance at the rate of twelve percent (12 per annum from the
Purchase Price Date until the same is paid in full. All interest calculations hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve (12) thirty (30) day months, shall compound daily and shall be payable in accordance with the terms of this Note.
This Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note (this Note is issued and made effective as of the date set forth
above (the Effective Date ). This Note is issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated December
15, 2021, as the same may be amended from time to time, by and between Borrower and Lender (the Purchase Agreement ).
Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Attachment 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference. This
Note amends and restates in its entirety the Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated December 15, 2021 issued by the Company to the
Lender. 

This
Note carries an OID of 1,300,000.00. In addition, Borrower agrees to pay 20,000.00 to Lender to cover Lender s legal fees, accounting
costs, due diligence, monitoring and other transaction costs incurred in connection with the purchase and sale of this Note (the Transaction
Expense Amount ), all of which amount is fully earned and included in the initial principal balance of this Note. The purchase
price for this Note shall be 15,000,000.00 (the Purchase Price ), computed as follows: 16,320,000.00 original principal
balance, less the OID, less the Transaction Expense Amount. The Purchase Price shall be payable by Lender by wire transfer of immediately
available funds. 

1.
 Payment; Prepayment . 

1.1.
 Payment . All payments owing hereunder shall be in lawful money of the United States of America, as provided for herein, and delivered
to Lender at the address or bank account furnished to Borrower for that purpose. All payments shall be applied first to (a) costs of
collection, if any, then to (b) fees and charges, if any, then to (c) accrued and unpaid interest, and thereafter, to (d) principal.
All payments by Borrower hereunder (including repayment of this Note at maturity, if applicable) shall be subject to an exit fee of 15 
of the portion of the Outstanding Balance being paid (the Exit Fee ). For purposes of clarity, Borrower shall make
all payments to Lender in an amount equal to 115 multiplied by the portion of the Outstanding Balance being paid. 

1.2.
 Prepayment . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall have the right to prepay all or any portion of the Outstanding Balance.
If Borrower exercises its right to prepay this Note, Borrower shall include in such payment the Exit Fee. 

1.3.
 Reserved . 

1.4.
 Reserved . 

1.5.
 Use of Proceeds . Within thirty (30) days of the Purchase Price Date, Borrower shall satisfy in full any and all liens currently
encumbering the Real Property (as defined below). In the event Borrower has not satisfied in full any and all liens within thirty (30)
days of the Purchase Price Date, then the then-current Outstanding Balance will be increased by fifteen percent (15 ). For the avoidance
of doubt, the foregoing failure to satisfy the liens will not be considered a Trigger Event hereunder. 

1.6.
 Additional Security . Within thirty (30) days of the Purchase Price Date, Borrower will take all actions reasonably necessary or
requested by Lender to secure the Note with and grant Lender a first position security interest, including without limitation, paying
off all outstanding liens and encumbrances, executing and recording (and paying all the expenses of such recording as well as the issuance
of a lenders policy of title insurance for each property in a form reasonably acceptable to Lender) any trust deeds, mortgages, assignments
of rents, and/or UCC-1 Financing Statements in forms that are acceptable to Lender, in the following real properties: (a) 833 County
Road 583, La Coste, Texas 78039, (b) 401 Des Moines Street, Webster City, Iowa 50595, (c) 2567 190th Street, Blairsburg, Iowa 50034,
and (d) 12282 200th Street, Radcliffe, Iowa 50006 (the real properties set forth in this Section 1.6 collectively, the Real
Property ). In the event Borrower has not secured this Note with and granted Lender a first position security interest in the
Real Property within thirty (30) days of the Purchase Price Date, then the then-current Outstanding Balance will be increased by fifteen
percent (15 ), provided, however, for each day which Lender or any third party outside of Borrower s control delays in permitting
Borrower to accomplish the foregoing (i.e. by delay of delivery of required form documents, delivery of payoff letters, recording documents,
or other delays), a day shall be added to the foregoing thirty (30) days and no increase in the Outstanding Balance will be assessed
for such additional time. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing failure to secure the Note will not be considered a Trigger Event
hereunder. Moreover, any and all costs and expenses incurred by Lender related to the perfection of its security interest in the Real
Property under this Section 1.6 shall be added to the then-current Outstanding Balance. 

1.7.
 Mandatory Prepayment; Maturity Date . While the Note is outstanding and within three (3) Trading Days of the Closing (as defined
in the Merger Agreement), Borrower will make a payment on this Note equal to the lesser of (A) one-third of the amount (calculated prior
to any deductions for any broker, underwriter, legal, accounting or other fees) retained in the Trust Account (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) at the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (B) 10,000,000, in order to repay a portion of the Outstanding
Balance (a Mandatory Prepayment ). In the event that the Closing does not occur on or before December 31, 2022, the
then-current Outstanding Balance will be increased by two percent (2 and shall increase by two (2 percent every thirty (30) days
thereafter until the Closing or termination of the Merger Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, any Mandatory Prepayment made pursuant
to this Section 1.7 shall be subject to the Exit Fee. Any failure to make a Mandatory Prepayment will be considered a Trigger Event hereunder.
The then-current Outstanding Balance plus accrued interest shall be repaid in equal monthly installments over the 12-month period beginning
on the second month immediately following either (i) the Closing Date or (ii) the date of termination of Merger Agreement; provided,
however , in no event shall the Maturity Date be later than June 30, 2024. 

2.
 Security . This Note is secured by the Security Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), executed by Borrower in favor
of Lender encumbering the collateral set forth therein, as more specifically set forth in the Security Agreement, all the terms and conditions
of which are hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Note. 

3.
 Reserved . 

4.
 Trigger Events, Defaults and Remedies . 

4.1.
 Trigger Events . The following are trigger events under this Note (each, a Trigger Event ): (a) Borrower fails
to pay any principal, interest, fees, charges, or any other amount when due and payable hereunder; (b) [reserved]; (c) a receiver, trustee
or other similar official shall be appointed over Borrower or a material part of its assets and such appointment shall remain uncontested
for twenty (20) days or shall not be dismissed or discharged within sixty (60) days; (d) Borrower becomes insolvent or generally fails
to pay, or admits in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any; (e) Borrower
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) Borrower files a petition for relief under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar law (domestic or foreign); (g) an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding is commenced or filed against Borrower; (h) Borrower or any
pledgor, trustor, or guarantor of this Note defaults or otherwise fails to observe or perform any covenant, obligation, condition or
agreement of Borrower or such pledgor, trustor, or guarantor contained herein or in any other Transaction Document (as defined in the
Purchase Agreement) in any material respect, other than those specifically set forth in this Section 4.1 and Section 4 of the Purchase
Agreement; (i) any representation, warranty or other statement made or furnished by or on behalf of Borrower to Lender herein, in any
Transaction Document, or otherwise in connection with the issuance of this Note is false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading in any
material respect when made or furnished; (j) the occurrence of a Fundamental Transaction without Lender s prior written consent
unless this Note is paid in full in connection with such Fundamental Transaction, in which case no consent will be required; (k) Borrower
fails to establish and maintain the Share Reserve (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) as required in the Purchase Agreement or fails
to increase the Shares Reserve within five (5) Trading Days following a written request from Lender as required under the Purchase Agreement;
(l) Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its Common Stock without twenty (20) Trading Days prior written notice to Lender unless the
reverse split is required to maintain compliance with the minimum bid price requirements of the principal market; (m) any money judgment,
writ or similar process is entered or filed against Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower or any of its property or other assets for
more than 500,000.00, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) calendar days unless otherwise consented
to by Lender; (n) Borrower fails to be DWAC Eligible; (o) Borrower fails to observe or perform any covenant set forth in Section 4 of
the Purchase Agreement and such failure to observe or perform is not cured within five (5) Trading Days of the occurrence thereof; and
(p) Borrower or any subsidiary of Borrower, breaches any covenant or other term or condition contained in any Other Agreements in any
material respect. 

4.2.
 Trigger Event Remedies . At any time following the occurrence of any Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, increase the Outstanding
Balance by applying the Trigger Effect (subject to the limitation set forth below). 

4.3.
 Defaults . At any time following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, Lender may, at its option, send written notice to Borrower
demanding that Borrower cure the Trigger Event within five (5) Trading Days, which such written notice shall be in addition to the cure
periods otherwise provided herein. If Borrower fails to cure the Trigger Event within the required five (5) Trading Day cure period,
the Trigger Event will automatically become an event of default hereunder (each, an Event of Default ). 

4.4.
 Default Remedies . At any time and from time to time following the occurrence of any Event of Default, Lender may accelerate this
Note by written notice to Borrower, with the Outstanding Balance becoming immediately due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default
Amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of any Trigger Event described in clauses (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) of Section
4.1, an Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred and the Outstanding Balance as of the date of the occurrence of such Trigger
Event shall become immediately and automatically due and payable in cash at the Mandatory Default Amount, without any written notice
required by Lender for the Trigger Event to become an Event of Default. At any time following the occurrence of any Event of Default,
upon written notice given by Lender to Borrower, interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Balance beginning on the date the applicable
Event of Default occurred at an interest rate equal to the lesser of eighteen percent (18 per annum or the maximum rate permitted under
applicable law Default Interest ). In connection with acceleration described herein, Lender need not provide, and
Borrower hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and Lender may immediately and without expiration
of any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable
law. Such acceleration may be rescinded and annulled by Lender at any time prior to payment hereunder and Lender shall have all rights
as a holder of the Note until such time, if any, as Lender receives full payment pursuant to this Section 4.2. No such rescission or
annulment shall affect any subsequent Trigger Event or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Nothing herein shall
limit Lender s right to pursue any other remedies available to it at law or in equity. 

5.
 Unconditional Obligation; No Offset . Borrower acknowledges that this Note is an unconditional, valid, binding and enforceable
obligation of Borrower not subject to offset, deduction or counterclaim of any kind. Borrower hereby waives any rights of offset it now
has or may have hereafter against Lender, its successors and assigns, and agrees to make the payments called for herein in accordance
with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower and Lender agree that in the event the 5,000,000.00 portion of
the Purchase Price held in escrow (the Escrow Amount pursuant to the Escrow Agreement (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement) is released to Lender (or any portion thereof), the Escrow Amount (or portion thereof), along with the pro rata portion of
the OID attributable to the Escrow Amount (or portion thereof) and any interest accrued on the Escrow Amount (or portion thereof) and
applicable portion of the OID, shall automatically be offset against the Outstanding Balance. 

6.
 Waiver . No waiver of any provision of this Note shall be effective unless it is in the form of a writing signed by the party granting
the waiver. No waiver of any provision or consent to any prohibited action shall constitute a waiver of any other provision or consent
to any other prohibited action, whether or not similar. No waiver or consent shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent or commit
a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future except to the extent specifically set forth in writing. 

7.
 Reserved . 

8.
 Reserved . 

9.
 Reserved . 

10.
 Restriction on Equity Sales . If at any time after the date that is six (6) months from the Purchase Price Date, Borrower is unable
to issue Common Stock to Lender as result of any lock-up or other agreement or restriction prohibiting the issuance of Common Stock for
a certain period of time, then the Outstanding Balance will automatically be increased by one and a half percent (1.5 (the Lockup
Fee for each thirty (30) day period that Borrower is prohibited from issuing Common Stock (which increase shall be pro-rated
for any partial period). For the avoidance of doubt, such increase to the Outstanding Balance shall be in addition to all other rights
and remedies available to Lender under this Note and the other Transaction Documents and shall not be in lieu of, nor deemed to be a
waiver of any other rights or remedies available to Lender under this Note or any of the other Transaction Documents. Lender agrees to
sign one lockup agreement for the issuance of Common Stock to Lender under this Note entered into in connection with a public offering
not to exceed ninety (90) days in a customary form upon request of Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, either Lender or Borrower entering
into a lockup agreement shall not affect Lender s ability to charge the Lockup Fee pursuant to this Section 10. 

11.
 Reserved . 

12.
 Reserved. 

13.
 Payment of Collection Costs . If this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement prior to commencing
arbitration or legal proceedings, or is collected or enforced through any arbitration or legal proceeding, or Lender otherwise takes
action to collect amounts due under this Note or to enforce the provisions of this Note, then Borrower shall pay the reasonable costs
incurred by Lender for such collection, enforcement or action including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements. 

14.
 Governing Law; Venue . This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction,
validity, interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect
to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. The provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement to determine
the proper venue for any disputes are incorporated herein by this reference. 

15.
 Resolution of Disputes . 

15.1.
 Arbitration of Disputes . By its issuance or acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the Arbitration Provisions
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) set forth as an exhibit to the Purchase Agreement. 

15.2.
 Calculation Disputes . Notwithstanding the Arbitration Provisions, in the case of a dispute as to any Calculation (as defined in
the Purchase Agreement), such dispute will be resolved in the manner set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

16.
 Cancellation . After repayment of the entire Outstanding Balance, this Note shall be deemed paid in full, shall automatically be
deemed canceled, and shall not be reissued. 

17.
 Amendments . The prior written consent of both parties hereto shall be required for any change or amendment to this Note. 

18.
 Assignments . Borrower may not assign this Note without the prior written consent of Lender. 

19.
 Notices . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the subsection of the Purchase Agreement titled Notices. 

20.
 Liquidated Damages . Lender and Borrower agree that in the event Borrower fails to comply with any of the terms or provisions of
this Note, Lender s damages would be uncertain and difficult (if not impossible) to accurately estimate because of the parties 
inability to predict future interest rates, future share prices, future trading volumes and other relevant factors. Accordingly, Lender
and Borrower agree that any fees, balance adjustments, Default Interest or other charges assessed under this Note are not penalties but
instead are intended by the parties to be, and shall be deemed, liquidated damages (under Lender s and Borrower s expectations
that any such liquidated damages will tack back to the Purchase Price Date for purposes of determining the holding period under Rule
144). 

21.
 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH OF LENDER AND BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO DEMAND THAT ANY
ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE RELATIONSHIPS OF THE PARTIES HERETO BE TRIED
BY JURY. THIS WAIVER EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE, LAW,
RULE OR REGULATION. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT SUCH PARTY IS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVING SUCH PARTY S RIGHT
TO DEMAND TRIAL BY JURY. 

22.
 Voluntary Agreement . Borrower has carefully read this Note and has asked any questions needed for Borrower to understand the terms,
consequences and binding effect of this Note and fully understand them. Borrower has had the opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney
of Borrower s choosing, or has waived the right to do so, and is executing this Note voluntarily and without any duress or undue
influence by Lender or anyone else. 

23.
 Severability . If any part of this Note is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the
objective of Borrower and Lender to the fullest extent permitted by law and the balance of this Note shall remain in full force and effect. 

[ Remainder
of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows ] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Effective Date. 

BORROWER: 

NATURALSHRIMP INCORPORATED 

By: 

Gerald
Easterling, President and CEO 

ACKNOWLEDGED, ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

LENDER: 

STREETERVILLE CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 

John
 M. Fife, President 

[Signature
Page to Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note] 

ATTACHMENT
1 

DEFINITIONS 

For
purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

A1.
 Reserved. 

A2.
 DTC means the Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto. 

A3.
 DTC/FAST Program means the DTC s Fast Automated Securities Transfer program. 

A4.
 DWAC means the DTC s Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system. 

A5.
 DWAC Eligible means that (a) Borrower s Common Stock is eligible at DTC for full services pursuant to DTC s
operational arrangements, including without limitation transfer through DTC s DWAC system; (b) Borrower has been approved (without
revocation) by DTC s underwriting department; and (c) Borrower s transfer agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program. 

A6.
 Reserved. 

A7.
 Fundamental Transaction means that (a) (i) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in
one or more related transactions, consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not Borrower or any of its subsidiaries is the surviving
corporation) any other person or entity, or (ii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its respective properties
or assets to any other person or entity, or (iii) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions, allow any other person or entity to make a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of more than
50 of the outstanding shares of voting stock of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the person or
persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the persons or entities making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange
offer), or (iv) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions, consummate a
stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with any other person or entity whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50 of the outstanding
shares of voting stock of Borrower (not including any shares of voting stock of Borrower held by the other persons or entities making
or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other persons or entities making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement
or other business combination), or (v) Borrower or any of its subsidiaries shall, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions,
reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify the Common Stock, other than an increase in the number of authorized shares of Borrower s
Common Stock, or (b) any person or group (as these terms are used for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) is or shall become the beneficial owner (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, of 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding
voting stock of Borrower. 

A8.
 Major Trigger Event means any Trigger Event occurring under Sections 4.1(a), 4.1(k), or 4.1(o) 

A9.
 Mandatory Default Amount means the Outstanding Balance following the application of the Trigger Effect. 

A10.
 Market Capitalization means a number equal to (a) the average VWAP of the Common Stock for the immediately preceding
fifteen (15) Trading Days, multiplied by (b) the aggregate number of outstanding Common Stock as reported on Borrower s most recently
filed Form 10-Q or Form 10-K. 

A11.
 Merger Agreement means that certain merger agreement dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among the Company, Yotta
Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and Yotta Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

A12.
 Minor Trigger Event means any Trigger Event that is not a Major Trigger Event. 

A13.
 OID means an original issue discount. 

A14.
 Other Agreements means, collectively, all existing and future agreements and instruments between, among or by Borrower
(or it subsidiary), on the one hand, and Lender (or an affiliate), on the other hand. 

A15.
 Outstanding Balance means as of any date of determination, the Purchase Price, as reduced or increased, as the case
may be, pursuant to the terms hereof for payment, Conversion, offset, or otherwise, plus the OID, the Transaction Expense Amount, accrued
but unpaid interest, collection and enforcements costs (including attorneys fees) incurred by Lender, transfer, stamp, issuance
and similar taxes and fees related to Conversions, and any other fees or charges (including without limitation Conversion Delay Late
Fees) incurred under this Note. 

A16.
 Purchase Price Date means the date the Purchase Price is delivered by Lender to Borrower. 

A17.
 Trading Day means any day on which Borrower s principal market is open for trading. 

A18.
 Trigger Effect means multiplying the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred by
(a) fifteen percent (15 for each occurrence of any Major Trigger Event, or (b) five percent (5 for each occurrence of any Minor Trigger
Event, and then adding the resulting product to the Outstanding Balance as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred, with the
sum of the foregoing then becoming the Outstanding Balance under this Note as of the date the applicable Trigger Event occurred; provided
that the Trigger Effect may only be applied two (2) times hereunder with respect to Major Trigger Events and two (2) times hereunder
with respect to Minor Trigger Events; and provided further that the Trigger Effect shall not apply to a Trigger Event pursuant to Section
4.1(b). 

[Remainder
of page intentionally left blank] 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.11>
 6
 ex4-11.htm

Exhibit 4.11 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-4.12>
 7
 ex4-12.htm

Exhibit 4.12 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-4.13>
 8
 ex4-13.htm

Exhibit 4.13 

</EX-4.13>

<EX-4.14>
 9
 ex4-14.htm

Exhibit 4.14 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-4.15>
 10
 ex4-15.htm

Exhibit 4.15 

</EX-4.15>

<EX-4.16>
 11
 ex4-16.htm

Exhibit 4.16 

</EX-4.16>

<EX-4.17>
 12
 ex4-17.htm

Exhibit 4.17 

</EX-4.17>

<EX-4.18>
 13
 ex4-18.htm

Exhibit 4.18 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-4.19>
 14
 ex4-19.htm

Exhibit 4.19 

</EX-4.19>

<EX-4.20>
 15
 ex4-20.htm

Exhibit 4.20 

</EX-4.20>

<EX-10.1_1>
 16
 ex10-1_1.htm

Exhibit
10.1.1 

AMENDMENT
TO 

 EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment to Employment Agreement (this Amendment dated as of May 21, 2021 (the Effective Date is by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated, a Nevada corporation Employer ), and Gerald Easterling Employee 
and, together with Employer, the Parties and each individually, a Party ). 

RECITALS: 

A. Reference
 is made to that certain Employment Agreement dated effective as of April 1, 2015 by and between
 Employer and Employee (the Agreement ); 

B. The
 Parties now want to amend the Agreement to increase the compensation of Employee as further
 set forth herein. 

AGREEMENT: 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties,
and covenants contained herein, each Party, intending to be legally bound agree as follows: 

1.
Compensation and Benefits. The Parties agree to and do hereby amend Paragraph 4.1 of the Agreement as follows: 

4.1
Base Salary. From and after the Commencement Date, Employee will receive a base salary at the rate of 180,000 per annum Base
Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with Employer s regular
payroll practices, as in effect from time to time, and subject to all appropriate withholdings. 

2.
Notices. The Parties agree to and do hereby amend Paragraph 9.4 of the Agreement as follows: 

9.4
Notices . All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder will be in writing. Any notice, request, demand,
claim or other communication hereunder will be deemed duly given if (and then three business days after) it is sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below : 

If
to Employer: 

Natural
Shrimp Incorporated 

Attn:
Chairman of the Board 

 5501
LBJ Freeway, Suite 450 

 Dallas,
Texas 75240 

 Tel:
(888) 791-9474 

Copy
to (which will not constitute notice): 

Lucosky
Brookman 

Attn:
Joseph Lucosky, Esq 

 101
Wood Avenue South, 5 th Floor 

 Woodbridge,
New Jersey. 08830 

If
to Employee: 

Attn:
Gerald Easterling 

 P.O.
Box 853 

 Addison,
Texas 75001 

 Tel:
(972) 951-8035 

 Email:
geasterling@naturalshrimp.com 

3.
Except as specifically amended herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first above written. 

EMPLOYER: 

NaturalShrimp
 Incorporated 

By:
 
 /s/
 William J. Delgado 

Name
 
 William
 J. Delgado 

Title
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer. 

EMPLOYEE: 

By:
 
 /s/
 Gerald Easterling 

Name
 
 Gerald
 Easterling 

</EX-10.1_1>

<EX-10.18>
 17
 ex10-18.htm

Exhibit 10.18 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 18
 ex10-19.htm

Exhibit
 10.19 

AMENDMENT
TO 

 EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment to Employment Agreement (this Amendment dated as of May 21, 2021 (the Effective Date is by and between NaturalShrimp Incorporated, a Nevada corporation Employer ), and Thomas Untermeyer Employee 
and, together with Employer, the Parties and each individually, a Party ). 

RECITALS: 

A. Reference
 is made to that certain Employment Agreement dated effective as of November 1, 2017 by and
 between Employer and Employee (the Agreement ); 

B. The
 Parties now desire to amend the Agreement to increase the compensation of Employee as further
 set forth herein. 

AGREEMENT: 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises herein made, and in consideration of the representations, warranties,
and covenants contained herein, each Party, intending to be legally bound agree as follows: 

1. Compensation
and Benefits. The Parties agree to and do hereby amend Paragraph 4.1 of the Agreement as follows: 

4.1 Base
Salary. From and after the Commencement Date, Employee will receive a base salary at the rate of 160,000 per annum Base
Salary ). The Base Salary will be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with Employer s regular
payroll practices, as in effect from time to time, and subject to all appropriate withholdings. 

2. Notices. The
Parties agree to and do hereby amend Paragraph 9.4 of the Agreement as follows: 

9.4 Notices .
All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder will be in writing. Any notice, request, demand, claim or other
communication hereunder will be deemed duly given if (and then three business days after) it is sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below : 

If
to Employer: 

Natural
Shrimp Incorporated 

Attn: Gerald
Easterling, President and CEO 

 5501
LBJ Freeway, Suite 450 

 Dallas,
Texas 75240 

 Tel:
(888) 791-9474 

Copy
to (which will not constitute notice): 

Lucosky
Brookman 

Attn: Joseph
Lucosky, Esq 

 101
Wood Avenue South, 5 th Floor 

 Woodbridge,
New Jersey. 08830 

If
to Employee: 

Attn: Thomas
Untermeyer 

 633
S. St. Mary s Street, #6407 

 San
Antonio, TX. 78205 

 Tel: (210)
288-5741 

 Email:
tuntermeyer@naturalshrimp.com 

3. Except
as specifically amended herein, the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this Amendment as of the date first above written. 

EMPLOYER: 

NaturalShrimp Incorporated 

By:
 
 /s/
 Gerald Easterling 

Name 
 
 Gerald
 Easterling 

Title
 
 President
 and CEO 

EMPLOYEE: 

By:
 
 /s/
 Tom Untermeyer 

Name
 
 Tom
 Untermeyer 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 19
 ex10-20.htm

Exhibit 10.20 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 20
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Natural Shrimp Incorporated 

Subsidiary
 Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 NaturalShrimp
 USA Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 NaturalShrimp
 Global, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Natural
 Aquatic Systems, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 21
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Your
Vision Our Focus 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-253953) of our report dated June 26, 2023,
with respect to the consolidated financial statements of NaturalShrimp Incorporated for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, included
in NaturalShrimp Incorporated s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

We
also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading Experts in such Registration Statement. 

/s/
Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Certified
Public Accountants 

 Dallas,
Texas 

 June
26, 2023 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 
 Accountants
 and Consultants 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 

INTERNATIONAL
 ASSOCIATION OF ACCOUNTANTS AND AUDITORS 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 22
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Gerald Easterling, certify that: 

1.
 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NaturalShrimp Incorporated; 

2.
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Gerald Easterling 

Gerald Easterling 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 23
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

NATURALSHRIMP
INCORPORATED 

 CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
William Delgado, certify that: 

1.
 
 I have reviewed
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NaturalShrimp Incorporated; 

2.
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)
 
 disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
 
 any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 William Delgado 

William Delgado 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 24
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NaturalShrimp Incorporated (the Company as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Gerald Easterling 

Gerald Easterling 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 25
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NaturalShrimp Incorporated (the Company as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of
the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 William Delgado 

William Delgado 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

Date: June 26, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 99
 shmp-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 101
 shmp-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 102
 shmp-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 103
 shmp-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

