<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_891417_0001493152-23-011856.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7766611</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173420</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1223231</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2951596</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1508483</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1721801</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-011856.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411170643
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-011856
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nano Magic Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000891417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COATING, ENGRAVING & ALLIED SERVICES [3470]
		IRS NUMBER:				760273345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11602
		FILM NUMBER:		23813973

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31601 RESEARCH PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		MADISON HEIGHTS
		CITY:			MICHIGAN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		844-273-6462

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		31601 RESEARCH PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		MADISON HEIGHTS
		CITY:			MICHIGAN
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nano Magic Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nano Magic Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PEN INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140902

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-011856.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition
 report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive office, including Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

OTC
 Markets 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received b any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the closing price of the Common Stock
on the OTCQB system on June 30, 2022 of 0.25, was approximately . 

As
of April 11, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference : 

NANO
MAGIC INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 13 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 13 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 13 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 13 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 14 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 17 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 17 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 19 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 20 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 42 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 43 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 44 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 45 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 48 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 50 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 51 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 51 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 54 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which includes information about us and our
industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this
Report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future net sales, projected expenses, prospects and plans
and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to be materially different from those expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, might, plan, project, will, 
 would, should, could, can, potential, continue, or
the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are based
on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. Actual events or results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements as a
result of various factors. There may be other factors that cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

These
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Unless required by U.S. federal
securities laws, we do not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after
the statement is made or to conform these statements to actual results. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Nano
Magic Inc., a Delaware corporation we , us , our , Nano Magic or the Company ),
formerly Nano Magic Holdings Inc., develops, commercializes and markets nanotechnology powered consumer and industrial cleaners and coatings
to clean, protect, and enhance products for peak performance. Consumer products include lens and screen cleaners and coatings, anti-fog
solutions, and household and automotive cleaners and protective coatings sold direct-to-consumer and in big box retail. Nano Magic also
sells branded and private label cleaners and coatings into the optical, safety, and industrial channels. Our focus is to expand our direct-to-consumer sales through e-commerce and to grow sales to big box retailers. We continue to sell our consumer products directly to opticians
and ophthalmologists and small optical retailers. 

Effective
May 31, 2022, we sold a 70 interest in our subsidiary, Applied Nanotech, Inc. ANI ). The contract research services performed
by ANI for governmental and private customers was previously reported as our Contract research segment. As a result of this sale, the
Company has deconsolidated ANI from its financial reporting, and we will report as only one segment. We retain a 30 interest in ANI
that is now recorded as an equity investment. On December 31, 2022, our wholly-owned subsidiary Nano Magic LLC was merged into the parent
company and we changed our name to Nano Magic Inc. 

Our
revenue is based on the retail and institutional sale of specialty products utilizing nanotechnology to deliver unique performance
attributes. We work to understand surfaces at the nano scale, and our products for
surfaces can be used on a wide variety of substrates. Our consumer products are sold as liquids, gels, foam and as wet and dry
towelettes. Institutional coating products are typically sold in liquid form enabling application by a variety of common commercial
techniques We rely on intellectual property including trade secret formulations to protect our proprietary technology. 

We
have multiple product technology platforms that offer solutions to common surface problems such as ease of cleaning, preventing fogging,
preventing accumulation of dirt or grime, improving resistance to scuffing and wear and surface protection. All our products have some
 nano characteristic about them whether it is being active at the molecular level, incorporation of submicron-particles,
or creating very thin, self-assembling coatings that are 20 nanometers or less in thickness. 

Our
consumer products are primarily customized cleaning and protection solutions. With respect to our consumer products, we strive to
create segment leading brands for solutions that are sustainable, of high quality, and that are both easy and safe to apply. We
emphasize convenience, such as our product that combines antifog and cleaning into one product for convenience
for our users. This, and other products can be used on eyeglasses, safety goggles and glasses, extreme sport glasses, goggles and
visors. Our solutions are also packaged for use on electronic screens, windows, mirrors, shower doors, and other similar clear
surfaces along with the cleaning of everyday household surfaces. We have also expanded into the auto care sector with Force
Field windshield protection. This product creates a non-stick, super water repellent protective barrier like
a force field to protect the windshield against rain, bugs, and salt. The coating solution is easy-to-apply and improves
visibility and safety while driving. 

Industrial
surface treatment products include a family of coating liquids that create nano-thin, strongly-bound, invisible, forcefield -like
coatings on glass and ceramic surfaces and a series of clear coatings for plastics incorporating submicron sized particles
to improve abrasion resistance and wear resistance without sacrificing transparency. We manufacture our formulations internally to protect
our technology and strive to maintain the highest quality for the products that we and our commercial partners bring to the marketplace. 

4 

Our
surface treating products include: 

Liquid
 and towelette formulations packaged for retail sale to consumers for cleaning and protecting clear surfaces such as electronic
 touchscreens, windshields, windows, mirrors, shower doors, eyeglass and sunglass lenses. 

Liquid
 formulation packaged for retail and industrial sale for cleaning surfaces. 

Anti-fogging
 liquid and towelette formulations packaged for retail sale to consumers for safety glasses, protective eye wear including face shields,
 and sporting goggles. 

Anti-fogging
 towelettes for sale to the military and first responders for safety, anti-fogging and conditioning of lenses, masks, head gear and
 other applications such as head s up displays, 

Mar-resistant
 and stain-resistant coatings for high end vitreous china tableware used for heavy duty, usage situations such as restaurants, cruise
 ships, casinos. 

Clear
 protective coatings used on display panels and touch screens to make it easy to remove fingerprints. Applications include automotive
 and hand-held devices. 

Protective
 and water-repelling coatings on interior and exterior glass and ceramic surfaces to make it easy to clean and prevent scale and grime
 encrustation. 

Coatings
 for ceramic insulators used in transit and underground subways systems to prevent caking of metal dust and greases on surfaces to
 reduce maintenance and current leakage losses. 

Our
vision is to harness the power of nanotechnology to create a safer, more socially conscious, and higher performing world. We have three
primary areas of focus: 

1. 
 Surface
 cleaning for safety, time and cost savings: Treating surfaces at the nano-scale for easy clean performance to clean better
 and to stay cleaner longer; 

2. 
 Preventing
 fogging: Surface treatments at the nano-scale to prevent fogging for safety and improved performance, especially on lenses, sportwear
 and protective eyewear; and 

3. 
 Sustainability:
 Creating nano-scale devices and formulas using safe, natural ingredients and manufacturing methods while avoiding the use of harsh
 chemicals whenever possible. 

Marketing
and Distribution 

We
sell our Nano Magic branded consumer products directly to consumers and retailers in the United States and through a distributor in Canada.
Direct-to-consumer sales are through our website, nanomagic.com, on Amazon and other online marketplaces. We also have products in pharmacies,
and big box retailers. Sales to big box retailers also include private label products under the retailers names. Some of our products
are incorporated into our customer s branded products. We continue direct sales to opticians and ophthalmologists. 

Our
industrial coating products are sold directly to institutional and industrial customers. 

Manufacturing
Operations 

We
manufacture, pack and label liquids and towelettes as well as specialty surface coatings at our 29,220-square foot facility in Madison
Heights, Michigan. 

Intellectual
Property and Proprietary Rights 

Our
nanotechnology expertise and the related intellectual property used in our current products is specialized in the areas of surface science,
molecular self-assembly, transparent composites, surfactants, sub-micron metallic inks and pastes and graphene foils. The intellectual
property developed from this work is protected with a combination of selective patents and primarily by trade secrets. This intellectual
property strategy is like that used by leading companies in the fragrance and flavors industry. No single patent is significant to any
of our commercial products. Please refer to the section entitled Intellectual Property Rights in this Item 1 for a more
detailed discussion of these matters. 

5 

Competition 

Products
sold into the optical segment, which has historically been our core sales channel, have a small number of significant competitors.
Our products are known to be the benchmark products in the optical segment and generally outperform those of our
competitors. Some of our products in this segment do compete for certain customers or certain applications against lower-priced,
traditional materials. Most of the companies selling products into the optical segment are privately-held U.S. packaging or catalog
companies. Examples in the U.S. include Hilco Accessories, California Accessories, and Amcon Laboratories. Internationally, the
catalog company, Prosben, Inc., from the Peoples Republic of China is a competitor. These companies sell to opticians and optical
stores but are not selling direct to consumer or in big box retail and pharmacies. Optical company, Carl Zeiss, sells its branded
optical products in big box retail in those chains where it has optical stores. 

In
the nano-coating products area or the anti-fog product line we are not aware of any competitive products that we believe match our product
performance or processing characteristics. With the COVID-19 pandemic and fogging caused by increased use of masks, other companies have
made more of an effort to sell anti-fog products and there were new entrants into this market, but no company has a significant portion
of the market. 

Backlog 

Sales
are primarily made under purchase orders for delivery of products. We do not believe that a backlog as of any date is indicative of future
results. Some agreements give customers the right to purchase a specific quantity of products during a specified period, but these agreements
do not obligate the customers to purchase any minimum quantity. Private label customers are required to commit either to minimums or
to repurchase unique inventory items related to their product(s). The quantities purchased by the customer, as well as the shipment schedules,
are frequently revised during the agreement term to reflect changes in the customer s needs. Because of our relatively small size,
a customer s delay of a product shipment can make a difference in the results for an accounting period. 

Geographical
Information 

All
long-lived assets are in the United States. 

Sources
and availability of raw materials and the names of principal suppliers 

We
use third-party suppliers in the United States to obtain substantially all raw materials, components and packaging products. As is customary
in our industry, historically we have not had long-term or exclusive agreements with third-party suppliers and have generally made purchases
through purchase orders. 

Key
Customers 

A
limited number of key customers historically accounted for a majority of our revenue. In 2022, two accounts represented 44 of revenues. In 2021, four accounts represented
58 of revenue. 

Intellectual
Property Rights 

An
important part of our overall business and product development strategy is to protect our intellectual property and, when appropriate,
we seek patent protection for our products and proprietary technology. Trade secret protection is most important to our products. Our
patent portfolio consists of approximately a dozen issued patents. 

The
patenting of technology-related products and processes involves uncertain and complex legal and factual questions. The legal standards
change from time to time, and administrative and court interpretations are not always consistent in one jurisdiction, or across different
jurisdictions. Therefore, there is no assurance what scope of protection any issued patents will provide, or whether any such patents
ultimately will be upheld as valid by a court of competent jurisdiction in the event of a legal challenge. The costs of such proceedings
would be significant and an unfavorable outcome could result in the loss of rights to the invention at issue in the proceedings. 

6 

If
we fail to obtain patents or elect not to file for patent protection, there can be no assurance that we can protect our rights in the
technology, or that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary products and techniques, or otherwise
gain access to our technology. 

Competitors
have filed applications for, or have been issued, patents, and may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights relating to products
or processes used in, necessary to, competitive with, or otherwise related to, our patents. The scope and validity of these patents,
and the extent to which we may be required to obtain licenses under these patents or under other proprietary rights and the cost and
availability of licenses is unknown. This may limit our ability to use and to license our technology. Litigation concerning these or
other patents could be protracted and expensive. If suit were brought against us for patent infringement, we could potentially challenge
the validity of the other patent but would need to overcome a presumption of validity. If we were found to infringe and the patent was
held valid (or was unchallenged), there could be no assurance that the prevailing party would grant us a license. Even if a license were
available, the payments that would be required would be unknown and could materially reduce the value of our interest in the affected
products. 

We
require our employees, directors, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors to execute
confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all
confidential information developed or made known to the individual through the relationship is to be kept confidential and not disclosed
to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees and some consultants, the agreements provide that all inventions
conceived by the individual while working for us will be our property. There is no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide
sufficient protection for our trade secrets in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of such information. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development drive our new products and improvement of existing products. Research and development costs incurred in the development
of the Company s products was 16,777 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 34,875 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
represented approximately 0.47 and 0.89 of our total operating costs in each of those years. The ability to engineer product performance
using nanotechnology is one of the ways we distinguish our products in marketing and sales of our products. Product research and development
work includes branding and packaging, development and refinement of formulas, engineering of liquid formulas that can be applied both
by hand and by machine, optimization for a variety of performance characteristics, testing and characterization, and work on manufacturing
processes and techniques both for producing the product, and for a customer s use of the product. 

Compliance
with Laws and Regulations 

Our
operations must satisfy governmental safety standards. Applicable safety standards are established by the U.S. Occupational Safety and
Health Administration OSHA ), pollution control standards by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and other state and local regulations, including foreign regulation for products manufactured or shipped outside the U.S. We take these
requirements into account in product development. Cost of compliance with these regulations has not been significant in the past and
we do not expect it to be material in the future. 

OSHA,
the EPA, and other governmental agencies, both in the United States, the specific states in which we or our customers sell products,
and foreign countries, may adopt additional rules and regulations that may affect us and products using our technology. The cost of compliance
with these regulations has not been significant to us in the past and is not expected to be material in the future. Changing regulations,
including those regulating polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs), can affect us and our customers, and we have in the past, and may be required
in the future, to reformulate or change formulas and packaging to address regulatory issues. This can affect timing of sales which may
be significant in an accounting period. 

Our
commercial products do not require any government approvals. 

7 

Employees
and Human Capital 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 19 full-time employees. Our employees are valued team members and are important to our growth and success.
This is especially true given our relatively small size. By cross-training so that individuals can master a number of different tasks,
we try to create a more challenging work environment and minimize disruption in the case of absence or employee departures. We strive
to provide a positive work environment emphasizing a positive attitude, team work and ethical behavior. In the first quarter of 2023, some of our key personnel agreed to take
half their salary in stock to help us conserve cash. We are not subject to any collective
bargaining agreements, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Available
Information 

General
information about the Company can be found on our website, www.nanomagic.com 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
pandemic has disrupted the global economy and Nano Magic s supply chain and the long-term effects of the pandemic and related economic
disruption cannot be predicted. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic coupled with government orders and regulations designed to address the effects of the pandemic disrupted the U.S. and
global economies. The duration of the disruption and the short and long-term effects of new and changing requirements and new consumer
and business behaviors are impossible to predict. 

Nano
Magic experienced increased demand for its anti-fog product as a result of the pandemic which attracted new entrants to that market
segment. That demand has fallen as mask mandates and mask wearing has declined. The staying power of new entrants
who took advantage of the demand is unknown. 

Labor
shortages, inflation, and a variety of government regulations continue to affect Nano Magic customers both consumer and
retail stores and the continuing impact on customers, the supply chain, raw materials supply and pricing, and the
distribution of Nano Magic products, cannot be foreseen. 

Supply
chain disruption and sales growth can put additional strain on our need for working capital. 

Disruption
in the supply chain has caused some higher prices and longer lead times. To assure supply, Nano Magic must order materials further in
advance, increasing the time between its payments to vendors and the time when Nano Magic can realize a sale. Increased order volume
and increased sales will also require that Nano Magic buy larger quantities of raw material inventory and packaging materials. Sales
growth will increase our working capital needs, as Nano Magic must pay for the materials before it can see the increased revenue from
customers. Similarly, labor must be paid for before the revenue is realized. This can create a greater need for growth capital when funds
are already curtailed by Nano Magic s operating losses. 

Nano
Magic has limited resources which can hamper its ability to execute its business plan. 

Nano
Magic is a small company with limited human and financial resources. This limits the resources Nano Magic can devote to the sale and
promotion of its products, and may limit its ability to tackle issues that arise in manufacturing and distribution. Nano Magic s
size curtails the resources Nano Magic can devote to promoting its existing products and developing brand recognition. Nano Magic s
limited resources can constrain its ability to take advantage of opportunities, may limit its growth and may give competitors time to
challenge its products in the marketplace. These factors will make it harder for Nano Magic to be successful. 

8 

Nano
Magic is dependent on key executives and the loss of its President and CEO or other key personnel could adversely affect its results
of operations and financial condition. 

Nano
Magic s President and CEO, Tom Berman, is under contract through the end of 2023. His vision and leadership are very important
to the execution of the Nano Magic business plan, and loss of his services would adversely affect Nano Magic s results of operations
and the value of its stock. Other executives and employees are at-will employees, so they may terminate their employment relationship
at any time. Loss of experienced personnel and their knowledge of Nano Magic s business and industry would be extremely difficult
to replace. Moreover, because of Nano Magic s small size, it would be very difficult for remaining personnel to perform the duties
fulfilled by the loss of personnel. 

Increased
sales under the Nano Magic brand name and building a strong brand with consumer brand loyalty will take time. 

Nano
Magic has placed a number of Nano Magic branded products in pharmacies and big box retailers. Developing customer loyalty and brand awareness
takes time. The time frame could be shortened if Nano Magic had greater resources for marketing and advertising. 

Consumer
confidence and spending habits have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and its after effects, but what that means and how this will
affect sales of Nano Magic products remains unknown. 

Nano
Magic is a small company and the marketplace for consumer cleaning products is competitive. 

Nano
Magic has a limited line of products; retail chains and big-box stores may only want suppliers that offer a more extensive product line.
Nano Magic has fewer resources than many of its competitors to devote to extending product lines, and to new products and packaging.
Its inability to devote the required resources to adapt to the demands of consumers or to meet competitive product offerings may limit
Nano Magic s ability to execute on its business plan and hurt its revenue. 

If
we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach, data loss or other compromise, including if unauthorized access
to our data, our business operations may be interrupted, our reputation and business relationships may be harmed, and we may incur other
costs. 

We
use cloud-based computer systems for our communications (e-mail, voice, data exchange, etc.), for other aspects of our operations and
for our business and financial records. Any security breach, data loss, or other compromise, including those resulting from a cybersecurity
attack, phishing attack, or any unauthorized access, unauthorized usage, virus or similar breach or disruption could result in the loss
or destruction of or unauthorized access to, or use, alteration, disclosure, or acquisition of, data, business disruptions and delays
as well as damage to our reputation, litigation, regulatory investigations, or other liabilities. Our website and technology infrastructure
also may experience performance issues due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, hosting
disruptions, capacity constraints, technical failures, natural disasters, or fraud. 

We
also rely on cloud technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including financial management
services, relationship management services, and aspects of our manufacturing and sales functions. If our service agreements are terminated,
or there is a lapse of service, elimination of services or features that we utilize, interruption of internet service provider connectivity
or damage to our providers facilities, we could experience business interruptions as well as significant delays and additional
expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services and/or re-architecting our cloud-based offerings for deployment on a different
cloud infrastructure service provider, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
vendors and service providers may also be the targets of cyberattacks, malicious software, phishing schemes, and fraud. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Our
facilities, as well as the facilities of third-parties that provide or maintain, or have access to our data or network infrastructure,
are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power
losses, telecommunications failures and similar events. In the event that our or any third-party provider s systems or service
abilities are hindered by any of the events discussed above, our ability to operate may be impaired. A third party s decision to
close facilities or terminate services without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems, could adversely impact our operations.
If business continuity and disaster recovery plans of ours or of a third-party provider prove to be inadequate in preventing the loss
of data or service interruptions, this could cause further disruptions to our operations or damages to important systems or facilities
or damage to our computer hardware or systems or those of our employees, or customers. Our systems have been the target of cyber-attacks.
Although we have taken and continue to take steps to enhance our cybersecurity posture, we cannot assure that future cyber incidents
will not occur or that our systems will not be targeted or breached in the future. 

9 

Drug
stores and big-box retail chains that Nano Magic has targeted as a distribution channel to increase its sales volume have their own challenges
in the marketplace and demand a high level of support from vendors which will be challenging for Nano Magic, due to its size and limited
resources. 

The
after effects of the pandemic continue to pose challenges for retail stores and this can make them cautious about ordering product or
trying new products. In addition, to supply a large number of stores and maintain brand quality, drug stores and big-box retail chains
often require, among other things, that their vendors comply with scheduling and packaging requirements, maintain back-up inventory in
reserves and impose other standards and restrictions on their vendors. Retail customers may delay or defer orders that can slow sales
for Nano Magic. And, if Nano Magic, because of its limited resources, cannot meet customer requirements, then it will not be able to
service these distribution channels, and Nano Magic s potential for revenue growth will be harmed. Moreover, losing a customer
may leave Nano Magic with significant obsolete inventory. 

Sales
of specialized coatings to industrial customers that incorporate Nano Magic products into their own product offerings make us dependent
on Nano Magic s industrial customers commitment to the product and dependent on the success of Nano Magic s customers. 

Some
of Nano Magic s existing products are sold to institutional customers that incorporate Nano Magic s product into their own
product or service offering to their customers. This means the success of Nano Magic s product is dependent on the level of support,
marketing and customer assistance provided by the institutional customers. Also, Nano Magic cannot control timing, marketing or introduction
of its products or improved products, the timing or methods used to address customer concerns, and Nano Magic cannot affect directly
marketing or distribution of the products or services that incorporate its products. If Nano Magic s industrial customer has other
priorities or is unsuccessful in its marketing or provides poor customer service, then the sales of Nano Magic s products and Nano
Magic s results of operations will be adversely affected. To the extent that Nano Magic s customers feel the effects of an
economic downturn from the COVID-19 pandemic, that may lessen their interest in introducing products or services incorporating Nano Magic
products. 

Risks
Relating to Nano Magic s Technology and Commercialization 

Nano
Magic s products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may subject it to claims, or prevent or delay its
product development efforts and stop it from selling or increase the costs of its products. 

Nano
Magic s commercial success depends in part on its ability to operate without infringing the patents and other intellectual property
rights of third parties. If claims are made that Nano Magic is using third party technology without authorization or that any third-party
patents cover Nano Magic s products or their use, then the holders of any of these patents or other intellectual property may be
able to block the sale of Nano Magic s products unless Nano Magic obtains a license or changes the products so as not to use the
third-party s intellectual property. Nano Magic could incur significant costs defending against any claim; and, if Nano Magic is
liable, then Nano Magic may not be able to enter licensing arrangements or to redesign the products at a reasonable cost or on reasonable
terms. 

Nano
Magic may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 

Nano
Magic relies on trade secrets to protect its proprietary know-how and technology, especially where Nano Magic does not believe patent
protection is appropriate or obtainable. Others independently may develop the same or similar technology, or otherwise obtain access
to Nano Magic s proprietary technology. Nano Magic relies in part on confidentiality agreements with its employees and consultants
to protect its trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential
information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure. Costly and time-consuming litigation could
be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of Nano Magic s proprietary rights. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret
protection could enable competitors to use Nano Magic s proprietary information and to develop products that better compete with
its products. 

10 

Any
lawsuits relating to infringement of intellectual property rights necessary to defend Nano Magic or enforce its rights will be costly
and time consuming. 

Nano
Magic s ability to defend its intellectual property may require litigation to enforce its rights or to defend litigation brought
by a third-party. Any of these lawsuits, regardless of their success, could be time consuming and expensive to defend and resolve and
may require delay or suspension of commercial sales while they are pending. The cost could cause Nano Magic to forego litigation or to
settle on terms that are disadvantageous. If litigation is undertaken or defended, that attendant cost or delay could have a material,
adverse impact on Nano Magic s results of operations. 

Some
health effects of nanotechnology are unknown. 

There
has been scientific debate on the health effects of nanomaterials. The science of nanotechnology is engineering at the molecular level
to modify or build materials. Many nano-materials are found in nature; others are not naturally occurring. Some scientists believe that
certain nanomaterials may be hazardous to human health or the environment. The health effect of new materials is unknown, and can be
affected by how they are incorporated and bonded to other materials. Nano Magic focuses on materials larger than 100 nanometers so that
they are not regulated as nanoparticles, and Nano Magic carefully evaluates potential health effects of its products on its customers
and the effects of handling materials on Nano Magic s employees. Changing regulations, including those regulating polyfluoroalkyl
substances (PFASs) can affect us and our customers. Nano Magic is very mindful of the risks of materials Nano Magic uses and focuses
on health and safety. However, debate about the health effects of PFASs, nanoparticles and nanotechnology may adversely affect market
acceptance of Nano Magic s products and adversely affect its financial performance. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Nano Magic s Common Stock 

Nano
Magic s common stock is thinly traded, and the number of free trading shares is small, thereby contributing to price volatility. 

There is little trading of Nano Magic common stock. As a result, an investor may not be able to sell Nano Magic common stock at the time that the investor would like
to sell. Furthermore, if a stock is thinly traded, then any sale may depress the market price. 

The
limited number of Nano Magic s free trading shares may limit its ability to raise capital through private placements forcing Nano
Magic to offer its stock using more costly qualification or registration procedures. 

To
remain eligible for the OTCQB, Nano Magic must have a minimum float of 10 of the outstanding stock. Shares sold in a private placement
are restricted, and issuing too many restricted shares will take Nano Magic below the float required to remain on the OTCQB. This may
force Nano Magic to use available qualification and registration procedures for any capital raise. This in turn would require additional
time and resources before Nano Magic would have additional funds for operations or other purposes. 

The
market price of Nano Magic s common stock is subject to potential significant price fluctuation because the common stock is thinly
traded, and that could result in substantial losses for investors and subject Nano Magic to securities class action litigation. 

Among
the factors that may cause the market price of Nano Magic s common stock to fluctuate are the risks described in this Risk
Factors section and other factors, including: 

The
 trading volume of Nano Magic s common stock; 

Changes
 in Nano Magic s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 

Actual
 or expected sales of Nano Magic s common stock by its stockholders; 

Failure
 of Nano Magic s products to achieve or maintain market acceptance or commercial success; 

Changes
 in the estimation of the future size and growth rate of Nano Magic s markets; 

Fluctuation
 in Nano Magic s quarterly operating results; 

Recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

The
 commencement or outcome of litigation involving Nano Magic, its industry segments, or some combination; and 

Changes
 in legislation or regulatory policies, practices, or actions. 

11 

In
addition, the stock market in general, the OTCQB and the market for nanotechnology companies in particular, may experience a loss of
investor confidence. Such loss of investor confidence may result in extreme price and volume fluctuations in Nano Magic common stock
that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of Nano Magic s business, financial condition or results of
operations. These broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of Nano Magic s common stock and expose
Nano Magic to securities class action litigation. Such litigation, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and divert management s
attention and resources, which could further materially harm Nano Magic s financial condition and results of operations. 

Concentration
of stock ownership with affiliates could make a management change or an acquisition of Nano Magic more difficult. 

Approximately
84 of the common stock on a fully-diluted basis is owned or controlled by Nano Magic s present officers and directors.
Certain provisions of Nano Magic s organizational documents could discourage potential acquisition proposals, delay or prevent
a change in control of us or limit the price that investors may be willing to pay in the future for shares of Nano Magic s
common stock. For example, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws will: 

authorize
 the issuance of preferred stock that can be created and issued by Nano Magic s board of directors without prior stockholder
 approval, commonly referred to as blank check preferred stock, with rights senior to those of its common stock; 

limit
 the persons who can call special stockholder meetings; 

permit
 written action by voting stockholders, permitting affiliates acting alone to accomplish most stockholder actions; 

establish
 advance notice requirements to nominate persons for election to Nano Magic s board of directors or to propose matters that
 can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; 

not
 provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors; and 

provide
 for the filling of vacancies on Nano Magic s Board of Directors by action of a majority of the directors and not by the stockholders. 

These
provisions could also limit the price that investors would be willing to pay in the future for shares of Nano Magic common stock. 

Nano
Magic does not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

Nano
Magic intends to retain earnings for the foreseeable future to finance the operation and expansion of its business, and Nano Magic does
not anticipate paying cash dividends. Stockholders can expect to receive a return on common stock only if the market price of the stock
increases. 

Future
sales of Nano Magic s common stock may depress its share price. 

Sales
of substantial number of shares of Nano Magic s common stock in the public market following a capital raise, 

12 

Nano
Magic s common stock is a penny stock under SEC rules, and it may be more difficult to resell securities classified
as penny stock. 

Nano
Magic s common stock is a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock
with a per-share price below 5.00). Unless Nano Magic maintains a per-share price above 5.00, these rules impose additional sales practice
and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify
as established customers or accredited investors. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such
requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in Nano Magic s securities, which could severely limit the
market price and liquidity of Nano Magic s securities. These requirements may also affect your ability to resell Nano Magic s
common stock. 

Nano
Magic has reported material weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting. 

In
order to remedy the identified deficiencies in its internal controls over financial reporting, Nano Magic may be required to add additional
staff. Nano Magic may not be able to remediate any future material weaknesses, or to complete its evaluation, testing and any required
remediation in a timely fashion. During the annual evaluation process, if Nano Magic identifies one or more material weaknesses in its
internal controls over financial reporting, then Nano Magic may be unable to assert that its internal controls are effective. If Nano
Magic is unable to assert that its internal controls over financial reporting are effective, investors then could lose confidence in
the accuracy and completeness of its financial reports, which could harm Nano Magic s stock price. 

Nano
Magic s obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention, and carry significant
cost. 

As
a public company, Nano Magic has legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses that burden its profit As a reporting
company under the Exchange Act, Nano Magic is required to file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to its business and
financial condition, and proxy and other information statements, and is subject to the rules and regulations implemented by the Commission,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and accounting pronouncements and
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations on public
companies. 

Moreover,
Nano Magic must monitor changes and comply with any changes to these rules and regulations, and with any future changes in laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure. Nano Magic s need to comply with existing and evolving regulatory
requirements imposes administrative expense and also diverts management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities
to compliance activities, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
lease our headquarters and the office, warehouse, manufacturing and laboratory space in Madison Heights, Michigan. These facilities are
adequate for our current needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

13 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

Our
common stock, 0.0001 par value, trades on the OTC system under the symbol NMGX . The following table sets forth, on a per
share basis for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices for the common stock as reported by that system. These quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 
 Low 

2021 
 First
 Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.0151 

Second
 Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.0005 

Third
 Quarter 
 .002 
 0.0001 

Fourth
 Quarter 
 1.50 
 0.0001 

2022 
 First
 Quarter 
 0.20 
 0.16 

Second
 Quarter 
 0.25 
 0.20 

Third
 Quarter 
 0.48 
 0.05 

Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.26 
 0.05 

As
of April 10, 2023, the closing sale price for our common stock as reported on the OTCQB system was 0.25 per share. As of that date,
there were approximately 357 shareholders of record for our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners holding common stock
in street name in brokerage accounts. As of our last record of total shareholders, including those holding stock in street name, there
were approximately 3,460 shareholders. 

Cash
Dividends 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock, have no plans to pay any dividends, and it is unlikely that we will pay any dividends
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest future earnings, if any, to finance expansion of our business. Any payment of
cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors determined
by our board of directors. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company sold to Magic Growth 2 LLC, 769,231 shares of common stock for proceeds of 961,538 and warrants to purchase
up to 769,225 shares of common stock for proceeds of 38,463. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.00 per share. PEN Comeback Management, LLC, owned by Tom J. Berman and Ronald J. Berman, is
the sole voting member of Magic Growth 2 LLC. 

On
March 2, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 37,890 shares of common stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our Board.
These shares were valued on that date at 0.95 per share based on the quoted price of the stock for a total value of 36,000. 

On
March 17, 2021, the Company sold to Magic Growth 2 LLC, 385,231 shares of common stock for proceeds of 481,539 and warrants to purchase
up to 385,225 shares of common stock for proceeds of 19,260. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.00 per share. 

On
December 15, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 45,333 shares of common stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our
Board. These shares were valued on that date at 0.75 per share for a total value of 34,000. 

On
January 7, 2022, and again on February 14, 2022, the Company sold to several investors an aggregate of 200,000 convertible promissory
notes due March 31, 2026. Issued at face value, the notes bear interest at 8 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. The notes are convertible
at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.75 per share. 

14 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 222,223 shares of common stock for proceeds of 388,887 and warrants to purchase
up to 222,195 shares of common stock for proceeds of 11,114. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 1.75. 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 152,778 shares of common stock for proceeds of 267,362 and warrants to purchase
up to 152,770 shares of common stock for proceeds of 7,638. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 1.75. 

On
April 14, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 69,445 shares of common stock for proceeds of 121,529 and warrants to purchase
up to 69,425 shares of common stock for proceeds of 3,471. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.25. 

On
May 27, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 213,889 shares of common stock for proceeds of 374,305 and warrants to purchase
up to 213,885 shares of common stock for proceeds of 10,694. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.25. 

On July 27, 2022, and again on August 22, 2022, the
Company sold to several investors an aggregate of 100,000 convertible promissory notes due March 31, 2026. Issued at face value, the
notes bear interest at 8 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. The notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holder
into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.75 per share. 

On
August 29, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 69,445 shares of common stock for proceeds of 121,529 and warrants to purchase
up to 69,425 shares of common stock for proceeds of 3,471. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.25. 

On October 26, 2022, the Company sold to an investor a 25,000 convertible
promissory note due October 31, 2023. Issued at face value, the note bears interest at 8 per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. The
notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 1.75 per share. 

On
October 31, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC 13,889 shares of common stock for proceeds of 24,306 and warrants to purchase
up to 13,885 shares of common stock for proceeds of 694. The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date of
issue at a warrant exercise price of 2.25. 

In
December 2022, the Company sold 102,082 shares of common stock to individual, accredited investors for aggregate proceeds of 127,603
and sold to those investors warrants to purchase up to 101,875 shares of common stock for proceeds of 2,037. The warrants are exercisable
at any time during the four years after date of issue at a warrant exercise price of 1.75. 

On December 6, 2022, we issued an aggregate of 176,000
shares of common stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our Board. These shares were valued on that date at 0.75
per share for a total value of 132,000. 

On December 18, 2022, the Company sold to an investor a 50,000 convertible,
secured promissory note due June 17, 2024. Issued at face value, the note bears interest at 8 per annum accrued during the term of the
loan, payable on maturity. The note is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of 1.75 per share. 

In
January 2023, the Company sold 15,749 shares of common stock to an individual, accredited investor for proceeds of 19,686 and sold to
that investor warrants to purchase up to 15,688 shares of common stock for proceeds of 314. The warrants are exercisable at any time
during the four years after date of issue at a warrant exercise price of 1.75. 

In
February 2023 we reached agreement with the landlord of our Michigan facility to accept 66,000 worth of our common stock
at a price of 1.25 per share as partial payment of rent for the six-month period from October 2022 through March 2023. 

O n
March 23, 2023, the Company sold 39,371 shares of common stock to an individual, accredited investor for proceeds of 49,214 and sold
to that investor warrants to purchase up to 39,313 shares of common stock for proceeds of 786. The warrants are exercisable at any time
during the four years after date of issue at a warrant exercise price of 1.75. 

The
issuances of all shares described in this section were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance
on Section 4(a)(2). 

Stock
Options 

In
connection with the three-year extension of the contract with our President and Chief Executive Officer, he was granted an option on
March 3, 2021 to purchase up to 2,350,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75. Vesting is as follows: 

The
 right to purchase: 
 
 Consisting
 of: 
 
 Vesting: 
 
 Tranche
 1 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Vested
 on June 30, 2021 
 
 Tranche
 2 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Vested
 on December 31, 2021 
 
 Tranche
 3 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Vested
 on June 30, 2022 
 
 Tranche
 4 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Vested
 on December 31, 2022 
 
 Tranche
 5 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Will
 vest on June 30, 2023 

Tranche
 6 
 
 150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 Will
 vest on December 31, 2023 
 
 Tranche
 7 
 
 Up
 to 150,000 Option Shares 
 
 Forfeited
 because sales bonus for 2021 did not reach cap 
 
 Tranche
 8 
 
 Up
 to 150,000 Option Shares 
 
 Forfeited
 because sales bonus for 2022 did not reach cap 
 
 Tranche
 9 
 
 Up
 to 150,000 Option Shares 
 
 Will
 vest if the aggregate sales bonus payable for 2023 exceeds 300,000 
 
 Tranche
 10 
 
 Up
 to 1 million Option Shares 
 
 If
 a profit bonus is payable under the employment contract and the Board determines to pay some or all of it with options, the number
 vested as determined by the Board 

15 

On
March 2, 2021, we granted an option to Ronald J. Berman as part of his consulting contract. Based on sales revenue in 2021, he vested
in options to purchase 37,500 shares at an exercise price of 0.75 and the balance of the option was forfeited. Mr. Berman is a director
and is the father of our President, Tom J. Berman. 

In
December 2022, the options held by Tom Berman and Ron Berman were amended so that, in the event of their death or disability, their personal
representative has the same rights as the original holder to exercise the vested options during their term. 

On
March 2, 2021, our Board adopted the Nano Magic 2021 Equity Incentive Plan described below. 

On
August 10, 2021 we issued the option to purchase up to 100,000 shares that had been approved by the Board in May, 2021 in connection
with a consulting agreement. No options have been included in diluted earnings per share as they would be anti-dilutive. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

Neither
we nor any of our affiliates have engaged in any purchases of our equity securities during the periods discussed in this Report. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
table below sets out as of December 31, 2022 the number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants
and rights (column (a)), the weighted average exercise price of those options, warrants and rights (column (b)), and the number of securities
remaining available for future issuance under the plan (other than the securities to be issued upon the exercise of the outstanding options,
warrants and rights) (column (c)). 

Plan
 (none of which have been approved
 by security holders) 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and
 rights ) 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 2012
 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 838 
 13.79 

2015
 Equity Incentive Plan (2) 
 50,000 
 0.65 
 - 
 
 2021
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 172,653 
 0.78 
 240,547 
 
 Option
 granted to Tom J. Berman (3) 
 450,000 
 0.55 
 - 
 
 Option
 granted to Tom J. Berman (3) 
 2,050,000 
 0.75 
 - 
 
 Option
 granted to Ronald Berman (3) 
 37,500 
 0.75 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,760,991 
 0.72 
 240,547 

(1) 
 In
 April 2012, the Company s Board of Directors established the 2012 Equity Compensation Plan. The Board has terminated the 2012
 Equity Compensation Plan and no new grants can be made under this Plan. 

(2) 
 The
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan was adopted by the Board on November 30, 2015. During 2020, 50,000 options were granted under the Plan.
 In 2021, the Board terminated the 2015 Equity Plan and no new grants can be made under this Plan. 

(3) 
 The
 options granted to Tom J. Berman and Ronald Berman are not granted under any equity plan. 

16 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

The
following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected our financial position and
operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

OVERVIEW 

Nano Magic develops, commercializes and markets nanotechnology powered
consumer and industrial cleaners and coatings to clean, protect, and enhance products for peak performance. Consumer products include
lens and screen cleaners and coatings, anti-fog solutions, and household and automobile cleaners and protective coatings sold direct-to-consumer
and in big box retail. Nano Magic also sells branded and private label cleaners and coatings into the optical, safety, and industrial
channels. Our focus is to expand our direct-to-consumer sales through e-commerce and to grow sales to big box retailers. We continue to
sell our consumer products directly to opticians and ophthalmologists and small optical retailers. 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus disease COVID-19 was first reported in Wuhan, China. Less than four months later, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a
pandemic. Disruptions to the economy, the supply chain and the labor force caused by the pandemic and government policies adopted to address
the pandemic continue to have an effect on our business and the business of our suppliers and customers. For example, despite progress
in our efforts to place Nano Magic products in big box retail and secured several national big box retail placements, these customers
are also suffering from supply chain disruptions and their focus on their core business is delaying roll-out of some of our solutions.
The Company experienced margin erosion as a result of government orders issued in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Contributing factors
included but were not limited to higher raw material prices, longer lead-times, and production delays. 

Effective May 31, 2022, we sold a 70 interest in our subsidiary, Applied
Nanotech, Inc. ANI ). The contract research services performed by ANI for governmental and private customers was previously
reported as our Contract research segment. As a result of this sale, the Company has deconsolidated ANI from its financial reporting,
and we will report as only one segment. We retain a 30 interest in ANI that is now recorded as an equity investment. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following comparative analysis on results of operations was based primarily on the comparative consolidated financial statements, footnotes
and related information for the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this report. The results discussed below are for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenues were 2,577,332 and 4,313,443, respectively. For the year ended December 31,
2022, sales decreased by 1,736,111, or 40 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease is primarily driven by a
reduction in high anti-fog product shipments during COVID, in particular high demand in the first half of 2021. Sales of private
label and co-branded products to optical and industrial customers remain significant. We continue to focus to increase sales of our
Nano Magic branded solutions by direct sales to consumers using e-commerce, and are expanding by placing products with
pharmacies, big box stores and other retailer outlets. Revenue opportunities from those solutions has been delayed by the logistics and
other supply chain issues those customers have been facing in their business. 

Cost
of revenues 

Cost
of revenues includes inventory costs, materials and supplies costs, internal labor and related benefits, subcontractor costs, depreciation,
overhead and shipping and handling costs incurred including costs related to government and private contracts in our Contract services
segment. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues was 2,481,110 as compared
to 2,651,325 for 2021, a decrease of 170,215 or 6 . Costs remained relatively high compared to the revenue decrease due primarily to fixed costs, increased energy costs
and inflation. 

17 

Gross
profit and gross margin 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit amounted to 96,222 as compared to 1,662,118 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a
decrease of 1,565,896, or 94 . The decrease was due primarily to the sales decrease, a higher proportion of sales through
lower-margin channels, and fixed production expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gross margins were
3.7 and 38.5 , respectively. 

Other operating income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, other operating income totaled 95,701
as compared to 632,069 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 536,368, or 85 . The decrease was due primarily due to the
completion of payments under a settlement agreement. 

Operating
expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses decreased by 377,258, or 10 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, operating expenses consisted of the following: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Selling
 and marketing expenses 
 389,391 
 161,194 
 
 Salaries,
 wages and related benefits 
 1,520,970 
 2,244,832 
 
 Research
 and development 
 16,777 
 34,875 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 788,641 
 707,938 
 
 General
 and administrative expenses 
 829,841 
 774,039 
 
 Total 
 3,545,620 
 3,922,878 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, selling and marketing expenses increased by 228,197, or 142 , as compared to the year ended December
 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to attendance at trade shows and brand marketing activities designed to increase
 sales channels and market penetration. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, salaries, wages and related benefits decreased by 723,862 or 32 , as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2021. This was due to the need for fewer personnel due to lower sales and to cost-cutting efforts. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development costs decreased by 18,098, or 52 , as compared to the year ended December
 31, 2021, driven by a reduction in R D projects. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, professional fees increased by 80,703, or 11 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily
driven by increased third-party legal fees and the assistance of sales consultants. 

For
 the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased by 55,802, or 7 , as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2021 primarily due to general rate increases and inflation. 

Loss
from operations 

As
a result of the factors described above, for the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from operations amounted to 3,353,697 as
compared to a loss from operations of 1,628,691 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,725,006 or 106 . 

Other
income 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, total other income amounted to 102,583 as compared to other income of 113,173 for the year ended
December 31, 2021, a decrease of 10,590 or 9 . The change is primarily due to a government grant for employee-retention tax credits
recognized in 2022 as well income from investment in subsidiary of 57,289, offset by an increase in interest expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021, and a loan forgiveness of 130,900 in 2021 that did not reoccur in 2022. 

Loss
from continuing operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from continuing operations amounted to 3,251,114 as compared to a loss from continuing operations
of 1,515,518 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,735,596 or 115 . 

18 

Income
(loss) from discontinued operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, income from discontinued operations was 1,149,525, comprised of 1,300 income plus a gain on sale
of discontinued operations of 1,148,225, as compared to a loss from discontinued operations of 59,046 for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

Net
loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, for the year ended December 31, 2022 our net loss amounted to 2,101,589 as compared to a net loss of 1,574,564
for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase in losses of 527,025 or 33 . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net losses from continuing
operations amounted to 0.32 and 0.16 per common share (basic and diluted), respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
net income and (loss) for discontinued operations amounted to 0.11 and (0.01) per common share (basic and diluted), respectively. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity
is the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its needs for cash requirements. We had a working capital
balance of 524,389 and unrestricted cash of 259,223 as of December 31, 2022. 

The
following table sets forth a summary of changes in our working capital from continuing operations for the period from December 31,
2022 to December 31, 2021: 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 Dollar
Change 
 Percentage
 Change 
 
 Working
 capital: 

Total
 current assets 
 1,900,858 
 2,082,293 
 (181,435 
 (8.71 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 
 1,376,469 
 577,769 
 798,700 
 138.24 
 
 Working
 capital: 
 524,389 
 1,504,524 
 (980,135 
 (65.15 

The
decrease in current assets reflects decreases in accounts receivable, prepaids,
and inventory balances, offset by an increase in cash. The increase in current liabilities is primarily due to increases in accounts payable
and accrued expenses. 

Net
cash used by operating activities was 1,708,365 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net cash used by operating activities
of 1,377,056 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 331,309, or 24 . Net cash used by operating activities reflects a
net loss of 3,251,114, partially offset by the add-back of non-cash items totaling 555,827 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
of 1,059,167. Net cash used by continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 1,636,120 and 1,282,553,
respectively. Net cash used by discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 72,245 and 94,503, respectively. 

We have worked over the last several quarters
to reduce our costs and conserve cash. Our common stock suffered an extended period with no market makers and the caveat emptor
designation on the OTC market, that made it increasingly difficult to raise additional capital. Since early March 2023, we have had
market makers for our stock, and are working to remove the caveat emptor warning on our shares. We expect to need additional capital
in the next quarter. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 20,090 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net cash used in investing activities
of 127,257 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,705,024 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,458,653 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily attributed to proceeds from
the issuance of convertible debt in 2022. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
critical accounting policies are included in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included
within this Report. 

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Recently
issued accounting standards are included in Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies of our consolidated financial statements included
within this Report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
Applicable. 

19 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID NO: 
 21 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 23 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 24 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 26 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 27 

20 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Nano Magic Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Nano Magic Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations, negative cash flow from operations, and an accumulated
deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

21 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Nano Magic Inc. 

 Page Two 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they related. 

Critical
Audit Matter Going Concern Assessment 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company suffered recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations and expects
to continue to incur losses for at least the next twelve months. This matter is also described in the Emphasis of Matter 
Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern section of our report. 

We
identified management s judgements and assumptions used to assess the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as
a critical audit matter due to inherent complexities and uncertainties related to the Company s projections of operations. Auditing
these judgements and assumptions involved especially challenging auditor judgement due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and
effort required to address these matters. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: (1) evaluating management s assessment
and assessing the reasonableness of key assumptions underlying management s conclusion, (2) evaluating the probability that the
Company will be able to reduce operating expenditures or raise additional capital if required, (3) assessing management s plans
in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusions reached
by management. 

/s/ UHY LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April 11, 2023 

22 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31 
 December
 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Inventory,
 net 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Current
 portion of note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Current
 assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Current Assets 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Note
 receivable, non-current 
 
 - 
 
 Non-marketable
 equity investment in subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related parties 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Current
 portion of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of finance leases 

Advances
 from related parties 

Current
 portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current
 liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Notes
 payable, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Finance leases, net of current portion 

Operating
 lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (See Note 15) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY: 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock: par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and
 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

23 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET
 REVENUES 

COST
 OF SALES 

GROSS
 PROFIT 

OTHER
 OPERATING INCOME 

OPERATING
 EXPENSES: 

Selling
 and marketing expenses 

Salaries,
 wages and related benefits 

Research
 and development 

Professional
 fees 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Total
 Operating Expense 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER
 INCOME 

Loan
 forgiveness 
 - 

Income
 from investment in subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Government grant 
 
 - 
 
 Interest
 expense 

Other
 income 

Total
 Other Income 

LOSS
 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

INCOME
 (LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Income
 (loss) from discontinued operations 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 
 
 - 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

NET
 LOSS 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE - BASIC: 

Continuing
 operations 

Discontinued
 operations 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE - BASIC: 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE - DILUTED: 

Continuing
 operations 

Discontinued
 operations 

NET
 INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE - DILUTED: 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

24 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

Common
 stock issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services 

- 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants
 and options on private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Common
 stock issued for cash, net of issuance costs 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services 

- 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrants
 and options on private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

25 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The
following table provides a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheet that sum to the
total of the same such amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows: 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 loss from continuing operations 

Net
 income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Change
 in inventory obsolescence reserve 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

Gain
 on forgiveness of loan 
 - 

Bad
 debt expense 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Income
 from investment in subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

ERTC Receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and contract assets 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related party 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Accrued
 expenses 

Total
 adjustments 

Net
 cash used by continuing operating activities 

Net
 cash used by discontinued operating activities 

NET
 CASH USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash provided (used) by continuing investing activities 

Net
 cash used by discontinued investing activities 
 - 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM CONTINUING FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from sale of common stock and warrants 

Proceeds
 from issuance of convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment
 of bank loans 

Repayment
 of finance leases 

Repayment
 of advances from related parties 

Net
 cash provided by continuing financing activities 

Net
 cash provided by discontinued financing activities 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET
 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH
 in continuing operations, beginning of year 

CASH
 in discontinued operations, beginning of year 

CASH,
 end of period 

Less:
 CASH in discontinued operations, end of period 
 - 

CASH
 in continuing operations, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid during the period for interest 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

26 

NANO
MAGIC INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

interest in our subsidiary, Applied Nanotech, Inc. ANI ). The contract research services performed
by ANI for governmental and private customers was previously reported as our Contract research segment. As a result of this sale, the
Company has deconsolidated ANI from its financial reporting, and we will report as only one segment. We retain a interest in ANI
that is now recorded as an equity investment. 

Going
Concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the consolidated financial statements,
the Company had losses from continuing operations and net cash used by continuing operations of 
and ,
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had positive
working capital of 
including of cash at December 31, 2022.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the
date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. Management cannot provide assurance that the Company will ultimately
achieve profitable operations, become cash flow positive or raise additional capital. The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. They do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability
and/or classification of the recorded asset amounts and/or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

A
limited number of key customers historically accounted for a majority of our revenue. In 2022, two customers accounted for of revenues.
In 2021, four customers represented of revenue. 

in Payroll Protection Program loans that were forgiven and in the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company applied for 
in Employee Retention Tax Credits. The loan forgiveness and government grant applied for have been recognized in Other Income. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively,
and are included in operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and , respectively,
and are included in selling and marketing on the consolidated accompanying statements of operations. These advertising expenses do not
include cooperative advertising and sales incentives which have been deducted from sales. 

Stock
 warrants 

Total 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding: 

Total
 weighted average common shares outstanding 

interest in our subsidiary ANI to two of its officers and long-term employees in exchange for a promissory note in the face amount
of .
The note bears interest at 
and has semi-annual payments of principal initially in the amount of ,
increasing to 
in May 2024 and to 
in May 2026, with a final balloon payment of 
due on December 31, 2029. As of December 31, 2022, remained outstanding on the note, with as the current portion of
the note receivable and as the non-current portion. The note is secured by a stock pledge, described below. In conjunction
with the sale, we recognized a one-time gain of . Financial information (related to periods before May 2022) included in this 10-K reflect ANI as a discontinued
operation. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, income (loss) from discontinued operations amounted
to and ), respectively. 

In
connection with the sale, the capital structure of Applied Nanotech was changed to give the Company, as the holder of Class B common stock of
Applied Nanotech, a 30 economic interest, certain information rights, special consent rights, and tag-along rights, as well as the obligation
to sell our stock under certain circumstances if other stockholders are selling. The Class A stock acquired by the buyers was pledged
to secure the promissory note given in payment of the purchase price. The Company plans to hold its remaining shares in ANI for an indefinite period and treats its investment in ANI as
an equity investment. 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Total
 Current Assets 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Other
 assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses and other current liabilities 

Current
 portion of lease liabilities 

Contract
 liabilities 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Notes
 Payable, net of current portion 

Lease
 liabilities, net of current portion 

Total
 Liabilities 

Cost
 of Sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Salaries,
 wages and related benefits 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Professional
 fees 
 - 

Other
 income 
 - 

Interest
 and other expense 

Income
 (loss) from discontinued operations 

Gain
 on sale of discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 income (loss) from discontinued operations 

of the company s ownership interest in ANI was calculated as follows: 

 SCHEDULE OF SALE OF STOCK BY SUBSIDIARY 

Fair value of consideration received 

Fair value of retained interest 

Less carrying value of subsidiary sold 

Gain on sale of subsidiary 

ownership interest in ANI by the equity method
of accounting under which the Company s share of the net income (loss) of ANI is recognized as income (loss) in the Company s
statement of operations classified as income from investment in subsidiary. Any dividends received from ANI as well as periodic losses
for the Company s 
 share will be treated as a reduction of the investment
account. Any income from ANI for the Company s share will be treated as an increase in the investment account. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded income from the investment in subsidiary of . 

At
December 31, 2022, a balance of was recognized as a non-marketable equity investment in subsidiary on the balance sheet in non-current
assets as follows: 

Income from investment in subsidiary 

Non-marketable equity investment in subsidiary 

Less:
 allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Bad
debt expense (recoveries) was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Work
 in progress 

Finished
 goods 

Inventory,
 gross 

Less:
 reserve for obsolescence 

Inventory,
 net 

square foot building in Madison Heights, Michigan. The occupancy and rent commencement date was October 1, 2020. 
See Note 13, Stockholders Equity, for a description of warrants issued to the owners of Magic Research LLC in connection with
this lease. The fair value of these warrants totaling 
were recorded as initial direct costs of obtaining the lease and are included in other assets on the accompanying balance sheet. See
Note 12, Related Party Transactions, for information about roles in management and economic participation by our CEO and several
other directors in the landlord. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in default in payment of rent; 
was outstanding for rent that was included in Accounts Payable, Related Parties. See Note 17, Subsequent Events, for the settlement
of unpaid rent. 

Right-of-use
 assets 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Less:
 impact of discounting 

() 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

- Years 

Furniture
 and office equipment 
 
 - Years 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 - Years 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation and amortization expense amounted to and , respectively. 

convertible note due . On January 26, 2022, January 31, 2022, and again on February 14, 2022, the Company sold three 
 convertible notes to three different investors. The three 
 notes are due . All four notes were issued at face value, and bear interest at 
per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. The notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common stock
at a conversion price of 
 per share. 

On July 27, 2022, the Company sold two
convertible notes, one for and one for , both due on March 31, 2025. On August 22, 2022, the Company sold a 
convertible promissory note due . All three notes were issued at face value, and bear interest at 
per annum, payable semi-annually in cash. The notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common
stock at a conversion price of per
share. 

On October 26, 2022, the Company sold to an investor
a convertible promissory note due . Issued at face value, the note bears interest at per annum, payable semi-annually
in cash. The notes are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 
per share. 

On
December 18, 2022, the Company issued a convertible promissory note for that is secured by certain payroll tax credits the Company
is entitled to receive under the Employee Retention Tax Credit program. The note bears interest at per annum, payable at maturity
which is eighteen months from date of issue. The note can be converted to common stock at any time at the option of the holders at a
conversion price of per share at which point accrued interest will be paid in cash. 

The
convertible promissory notes have not been included in diluted earnings per share as they would be anti-dilutive. 

On
February 10, 2015, Nano Magic entered into a 
promissory note (the Equipment Note with KeyBank, N.A. (the Bank ). The unpaid principal balance of this
Equipment Note is payable in 60 equal monthly instalments payments of principal and interest through . The Equipment Note is secured by certain equipment, as defined in the Equipment Note, and bears interest computed
at a rate of interest of 
per annum based on a year of 360 days. On June 18, 2019, Nano Magic entered into an Amendment to the Equipment Note with the Bank.
By the amendment, the maturity date of the note was extended until , the interest rate was raised to 
per year, and the monthly payments were reduced to 
per month, including interest. On May 2, 2022, we amended the Equipment Note with Key Bank to extend the due date on the note until . The interest rate remained the same at 
per year and the monthly payments remained at 
per month. At December 31, 2022, the balance due on the Equipment Note was 
and is included in current liabilities. 

Finance
leases 

On
August 11, 2020, we entered into a finance lease for furniture used in the Michigan facility. We financed 
over a period of 
months and are required to make monthly payments of 
during that time. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due was and
is included in current liabilities. is also included in Accounts Payable for this lease as of December 31, 2022. 

On
September 24, 2020, we entered into a finance lease with Raymond Leasing Corporation for a forklift. We financed .
The lease term is 
months with monthly payments of .
As of December 31, 2022, the balance due was 
and is included in current liabilities. 

In
December 2020, we entered into a finance lease for production equipment. We financed 
over a period of 
months and are required to make monthly payments of 
during that time. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due was 
of which 
and is included in current liabilities and 
is included in long term liabilities. 

For
finance leases, we calculate ROU assets and lease liabilities based on the present value of the remaining lease payments as of the date
of lease commencement. The ROU assets for finance leases are depreciated in accordance with the Company s depreciation policies
for those asset groupings. Finance lease liabilities were at December 31, 2022 and totaled at December
31, 2021. Finance lease interest expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Maturities 

2024 

Less:
 impact of discounting 

Present
 value of lease liabilities 

under the Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection
Program. The loan had interest at and was payable in monthly installments of principal and interest in the amount of . On
August 6, 2021 we completed the loan forgiveness application with Fifth Third Bank for the Paycheck Protection Plan loan we received
through that bank. On November 9, 2021 we were notified by Fifth Third Bank that the Small Business Administration had reviewed our loan
forgiveness application filed earlier and that the entire amount of the loan to Nano Magic LLC was forgiven. The amount forgiven is included
in other income on the income statement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 no amounts were outstanding on this loans. 

and for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

includes as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021 due to the Rickerts
for working capital advances made in 2018 and accrued payroll of due to them due as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.
We paid legal and consulting fees to director Mr. Ron Berman of in 2022, and in 2021. 

Mr.
Ron Berman and Mr. Tom Berman are the managers of the limited liability company that is the manager of PEN Comeback, LLC, PEN Comeback
2, LLC, Magic Growth, LLP, Magic Growth 2 LLC and Magic Growth 3 LLC. These five limited liability companies purchased shares of common
stock and derivative securities from us in 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022. See the subsection on Sales of Stock under Issuances of
Common Stock in Note 11 and in Note 16 Subsequent Events. 

In
addition, Mr. Tom Berman and Mr. Ron Berman are two of three individuals who share voting power of the sole manager of the limited liability
company that is our landlord in Michigan. Together, Tom and Ron Berman hold, in the aggregate, a 5 economic interest in the landlord
entity. 

. 

Issuances
of Common Stock 

Common
Stock Issued for Services and Stock Appreciation Rights 

Pursuant to
the agreement entered into on October 20, 2020, with the holder of substantially all the outstanding stock appreciation rights, on March
2, 2021, we issued shares of common stock at value of in
partial settlement of that holder s stock appreciation rights. 

On
March 2, 2021, we issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our Board.
These shares were valued on that date at per share based on the quoted price of the stock for a total value of . 

On
December 15, 2021, we issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our
Board. These shares were valued on that date at per share for a total value of . 

On December 6, 2022, we issued an aggregate of shares of common
stock to our directors as compensation to them for service on our Board. These shares were valued on that date at per share for
a total value of . 

Sales
of Common Stock 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company sold to Magic Growth 2 LLC, shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of per share. PEN Comeback Management, LLC, owned by Tom J. Berman and Ronald J. Berman, is
the sole voting member of Magic Growth 2 LLC. 

On
March 17, 2021, the Company sold to Magic Growth 2 LLC, shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of per share. 

On
January 11, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

On
April 14, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

On
May 27, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

On
August 29, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date
of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

On
October 31, 2022, the Company sold to Magic Growth 3 LLC shares of common stock for proceeds of and warrants to purchase
up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the after date of
issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

In
December 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock to individual, accredited investors for aggregate proceeds of 
and sold to those investors warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable
at any time during the four years after date of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

All
of these sales of stock and warrants were sold in private placements exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. 

Stock
Options 

- 

Exercised 

- 

Forfeited
 or expired 

() 

Granted 

Balance
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 

Exercised 

- 

Forfeited
 or expired 

() 

Granted 

Balance
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

Options
Issued Outside of a Plan 

On
April 3, 2019, we issued to our CEO and President, Tom Berman, options to purchase up to shares of common Stock at a price of
 per share. The options vested over time, each tranche exercisable for 4 years after vesting. Two of the tranches were tied to the
bonus under Mr. Berman s employment agreement. The bonus cap under Mr. Berman s employment agreement was not reached in 2019,
accordingly that tranche of option shares was forfeited. Mr. Berman reached the bonus cap for 2020 and the option to purchase
that tranche vested. Consequently, the remaining options to purchase up to shares were fully vested as of December 31, 2020. 

On
March 2, 2021, in connection with the three-year extension of the contract with our President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Tom Berman
was granted an option to purchase up to shares of common stock at an exercise price of . Vesting is as follows: 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 2 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 3 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 4 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 5 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 6 

Option Shares 

Tranche
 7 
 
 Up
 to Option Shares 

Tranche
 8 
 
 Up
 to Option Shares 

Tranche
 9 
 
 Up
 to Option Shares 

Tranche
 10 
 
 Up
 to million Option Shares 

On
March 2, 2021, we granted an option to Ronald J. Berman as part of his consulting contract. Based on sales revenue in 2021, he vested
in options to purchase shares at an exercise price of and the balance of the option was forfeited. Mr. Berman is a director
and is the father of our President, Tom J. Berman. 

In
December 2022, the options held by Tom Berman and Ron Berman were amended so that, in the event of their death or disability, their personal
representative has the same rights as the original holder to exercise the vested options during their term. 

Fair
 value per option at grant date 
 - 

Expected
 term 
 years 

Expected
 volatility 
 - 

Expected
 dividend yield 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 - 

Expense in period 

Unearned
 expense 

2015
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
November 30, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. On January 31, 2020 we granted an option to purchase
 shares to a senior member of the sales team with vesting tied directly to 2020 sales goals. On April 8, 2021, the Board terminated
the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. One option for shares is vested and outstanding under this Plan. 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
March 2, 2021, our Board adopted the 2021 Nano Magic 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to allow equity compensation
for those who provide services to the Company and to encourage ownership in the Company by personnel whose service to the Company is
important to its continued progress, to encourage recipients to act as owners and thereby in the stockholders interest and to
enable recipients to share in the Company s success. Initially, shares were available for issuance under the Plan and that
number of options were also granted to employees on March 2, 2021. On April 8, 2021 the number of shares under the Plan was increased
by , and an additional options were granted. On June 21, 2021 an additional shares were made available for issuance
under the Plan and options for shares were granted, but subsequently forfeited. On August 10, 2021 we issued the option to purchase
up to shares that had been approved by the Board in May, 2021 in connection with a consulting agreement. 

On
August 10, 2021, we issued the option to purchase up to shares that had been approved by the Board in May, 2021 in connection
with a consulting agreement. 

On February 16, 2022, the Board increased the number of options available
for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan and issued options under that Plan. On August 17, 2022, the Board issued an aggregate
of options under the 2021 Equity Plan to two employees. On August 17, 2022, the Board also acted to suspend operation of the provision
of the 2021 Equity Plan that causes forfeiture of vested options if the service provider leaves the Company. 

The
fair value of the options awarded to employees and service providers under the 2021 Equity Plan were calculated using the
Black-Scholes method and were tied to service conditions for purposes of vesting. The assumptions used in the calculations are shown
below. The expected term represents the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, options
vested and compensation expense related to them for the year-ending 2021 was with
unearned expense of .
During the year ended December 31, 2022, 
options vested and compensation expense related to them for the year-ending 2022 was 
with unearned expense of . Below is a summary of terms for options issued in 2022 under the plan. 

Fair
 value per option at grant date 

Expected
 term 
 years 
 
 Expected
 volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected
 dividend yield 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 - 

Warrants 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding and exercisable warrants to purchase shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of per share and a weighted average remaining contractual term of months. The weighted average contractual term reflects
the extension of two years for warrants issued in 2018, 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 that was effected in May 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2021, there were outstanding and exercisable warrants to shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise
price of per share and a weighted average remaining contractual term of months. 

Government grant 
 
 - 
 
 Payroll
 Protection Program loan forgiveness 
 - 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Revaluation
 of deferred tax asset 

Revaluation
 of valuation allowance 
 - 

Revaluation of valuation allowance due to return to provision 
 
 - 
 
 Revaluation of valuation allowance due to ANI sale 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Allowance
 for inventory obsolescence 

Accrued
 compensation 

Other 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
gross estimated net operating loss carryforward was approximately 
at December 31, 2022, which is an estimate of the Company s net operating loss carryforward acquired in the Combination after
giving effect to the limitation on the usage of such net operating loss carryforwards due to a change in ownership in accordance
with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code plus net operating loss carryforwards since the Combination. The Company provided a
valuation allowance equal to the net deferred income tax asset for the year ended December 31, 2022 because it was not known whether
future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforward. . 

In
accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards are subject
to annual limitations due to greater than ownership changes. Additionally, the future utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards
to offset future taxable income may be subject to special tax rules which may limit their usage under the Separate Return Limitation
Year SRLY rules. If necessary, the deferred tax assets will be reduced by any carryforward that expires prior to utilization
as a result of such limitations, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. 

The
Company s 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to Internal Revenue Service examination. 

t accrued any amount for litigation contingencies. 

Customer
Concentrations 

Customer
 B 
 
 - 
 
 Customer
 C 

Customer
 D 
 - 

Customer
 E 
 - 

Total 

Accounts
receivable balances for these customers at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. A reduction in sales from or loss of such customers
would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Geographic
Concentrations of Sales 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, total sales in the United States represent approximately and of total consolidated
revenues, respectively. Germany accounted for and of total sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Vendor
Concentrations 

- 
 
 Vendor B 
 
 - 
 
 Vendor C 
 - 

Total 

The
vendors above are used for raw material purchases used primarily in the production of lens care and anti-fog products. 

shares of common stock to an individual, accredited investor for proceeds of and sold to
that investor warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time
during the four years after date of issue at a warrant exercise price of . 

In
February 2023, we reached an agreement with the landlord of our Michigan facility to accept 
worth of our common stock at a price of 
per share as partial payment of rent for the six-month period from October 2022 through March 2023. During that period, we will pay
cash of 
per month, effectively a cash rent reduction of 
per month. 

On March 23, 2023, the Company sold shares
of common stock to an individual, accredited investor for proceeds of and sold to that investor warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock for proceeds of . The warrants are exercisable at any time during the four years after date of issue at a warrant
exercise price of . 

Item
9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

42 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report
under Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. The review for the period ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021,
concluded that there were material weaknesses in our disclosure procedures and controls. In 2021 one weakness related to our ability
to accomplish our financial reporting within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, for both 2021 and 2022 our small
staff size restricts our ability to adequately segregate duties. The sale of our subsidiary ANI in May 2022 and the merger of our
subsidiary limited liability company into the parent at the end of 2022 has simplified our corporate structure so that will, after a
transition period, simplify our financial reporting. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the
Company. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly,
that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error; consequently, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, effectiveness as it relates to future periods is subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts
and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a
material effect on our financial statements. 

43 

Under
the supervision of management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission published in 2013 and subsequent guidance prepared by
the Commission specifically for smaller public companies. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused
management to conclude that as of December 31, 2022 the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective
at the reasonable assurance level: We have not had sufficient resources in our accounting function to have segregation of duties so that
the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions are performed by separate individuals. However,
to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions are performed by
separate individuals. Management evaluated our limited resources and our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our
disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

Notwithstanding
the assessment that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective, we believe that our consolidated financial statements
contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered thereby
in all material respects. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
internal control over financial reporting has not changed during the fourth quarter covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except
as discussed above. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
Applicable. 

44 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following sets forth the names of our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions they hold and the time they have served
us and our predecessors. The narrative below sets out their principal occupations at present and for at least the past five years. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Serving
 Since 
 
 Ronald
 J. Berman 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 1996 
 
 Tom
 J. Berman 
 
 43 
 
 Director,
 President CEO 
 
 October
 2018 
 
 Miles
 Gatland 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 February
 2022 
 
 Raymond
 Gunn 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 2022 
 
 Jeanne
 M. Rickert 
 
 68 
 
 Director
 and Chief Legal Officer 
 
 August
 2014 
 
 Scott
 E. Rickert 
 
 68 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 August
 2014 
 
 David
 Sherbin 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 2022 
 
 Leandro
 Vera 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 February
 2020 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our bylaws. All directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders,
and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of Directors. Our
Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each Executive Officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Ronald
J. Berman was in the private practice of law from 1980-1987. Mr. Berman co-founded Rock Financial (now Quicken Loans) in 1985
and was a member of its Board of Directors. Mr. Berman co-founded BEG Enterprises and served as its President from 1989 to 1998. Mr.
Berman is currently practicing law as a sole practitioner. Mr. Berman is a licensed attorney in both Michigan and Florida. He is the
father of director and officer Tom Berman. 

With
his experience in legal matters and founding businesses, Mr. Berman provides our board with professional and strategic expertise as well
as the benefit of his significant knowledge of business operations. 

Tom
J. Berman joined us on October 15, 2018, as our President and as a director and he serves as President and CEO of our subsidiary,
Nano Magic LLC. Prior to joining us, Mr. Berman was most recently Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel for Ascion, LLC d/b/a
Reverie, a Michigan based Sleep Technology company. At Ascion he was responsible to help to develop that company s overall business
strategy along with leading its business development, HR and IT and Legal departments as well as its real estate management. He was with
Ascion from 2012 until 2018. Prior to joining Ascion Mr. Berman founded Berman Law, PLLC. He is a graduate of Michigan State University
and of the University of Detroit Mercy School of law. Tom Berman is the son of director Ronald J. Berman. 

With
his operations experience and experience guiding the growth at Ascion, Mr. Berman will provide operational and strategic guidance especially
to our Product segment as well as bringing his viewpoint as a legal professional. 

Miles
Gatland is a real estate entrepreneur. He founded Miles Gatland and Associates, Inc. in 1994 and continues to be active in commercial
brokerage and redevelopment. He is also an active private investor and served on the board of Surgical Safety Scanner, Inc. from November
2019 to December 2020. He attended Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan for several years. 

His
experience as an entrepreneur and investor in real estate and other opportunities will provide value to the Company and the Board. 

Raymond
Gunn is an experienced chief executive officer, chief financial officer and board member. In 2006, Ray co-founded Wingspan Capital
Partners, a private equity and consulting firm. That became Wingspan Group in 2017, and Ray became, and continues as, its CEO. Since
January 2018 he has also been the CEO and CFO of Blakes Family of Companies and in 2022 he became the Chairman and CEO of FSB Holdings,
In., a bank holding company. Additionlly, he currently serves on the boards of TrillaMed, LLC., Cadillac Products Packaging Company, Blake s
Family of Companies, Central Michigan University Research Corp., the Eastern Division of The Salvation Army and he is vice chairman of
the Board of Visitors for the School of Business at Oakland University. He is a graduate of Oakland University and pursued a Masters
in Taxation from Walsh College. He is a CPA. 

Mr.
Gunn s accounting expertise and his experience as a senior executive and CEO of operating companies is valuable to management and
the Board. 

Jeanne
M. Rickert has served as our General Counsel and a Director since August 2014 and as the General Counsel of Nanofilm (now our
subsidiary, Nano Magic LLC) since January, 2014. Before that she was a lawyer with the Cleveland office of the international law firm
of Jones Day, as a partner of the firm for 25 years and as Of Counsel in 2013. Her practice focused on mergers and acquisitions, joint
ventures and general corporate and commercial matters. Her undergraduate degree is from Cornell University and her law degree from Case
Western Reserve University. She is married to Scott Rickert. 

With
her prior experience in the practice of law and as our General Counsel, Ms. Rickert provides our board with legal expertise as well as
the benefit of her significant knowledge of business law and transactions. 

45 

Scott
E. Rickert has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors since August 2014. He served as our President and Chief Executive
Officer from August, 2014 until Mr. Tom Berman was elected President in April, 2019. Mr. Rickert had been the Chief Executive Officer
of Nanofilm since 2002, after serving Nanofilm as President from its founding in 1985. Prior to starting Nanofilm, Mr. Rickert was a
tenured professor of Macromolecular Science at Case Western Reserve University. He has a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Cornell University
and an M.S. and Ph.D. from Case Western Reserve University. He did post-doctoral work at the University of Pennsylvania. He is married
to Jeanne Rickert. 

Combining
his technical background and expertise with his prior experience in developing, commercializing and marketing enhanced-performance products
powered by nanotechnology, Mr. Rickert provides our board with technical and operational expertise as well providing guidance to the
companies based on his significant knowledge of all aspects of the production and sale of nanotechnology enhanced-performance products. 

David
Sherbin is the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of Superior Industries, Inc, a position he
has held since June 1, 2022. Previously, Mr. Sherbin provided legal and consulting services. He retired in April 2021 from his position
as the senior vice president, general counsel, chief compliance officer and secretary at Aptiv PLC (formerly Delphi Automotive). He joined
that company in 2005 and served as General counsel Chief Compliance Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Sherbin served Pulte Group, Federal
Mogul Corporation and Heller Financial Inc. in legal and compliance roles. He is a graduate of Oberlin College and Cornell Law School. 

Mr.
Sherbin s experience in legal matters and his background in compliance strengthen the resources of the Company in those areas. 

Leandro
Vera was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on February 12, 2020. Leo has worked with us in a consulting role since December
1, 2018, as the acting CFO for our operations. Leo is a co-founder of Swiftmile, Inc. and has served as its Chief Financial Officer since
January of 2015. Between January 2015 and December 2017, Leo also served as Chief Operating Officer of Reverie, one of the leading manufacturers
of innovative mattresses, adjustable beds, and pillows. Leo also previously worked at Ergomotion, a 100 million annual revenue supplier
of power beds, with roles ranging from COO/CFO to COO, to President and CEO from October 2011 to September 2014, leading it to a successful
acquisition by a strategic investor. Prior to Ergomotion, he was Managing Director of Pyrotek, a leading international supplier to aluminum,
foundry, glass, zinc, and steel customers with performance improving technical products, integrated processing systems and consulting
services worldwide. Leo began his career in public accounting with Coopers Lybrand LLP in its Audit Assurance division between
1995 and 1997. 

With
his broad business experience and financial training, Leo brings important expertise to our financial function. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to us under Rule 16a-3(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us with respect to the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, as well as any written representation from a reporting person that no Form 5 is required, we are not aware that any
officer, director or 10 or greater shareholder failed to file on a timely basis, as disclosed in the aforementioned Forms, reports required
by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics (as such term is defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K) (the Code of Ethics that
applies to our executive officers and other employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be sent, free of charge, to any person who sends
a written request for a copy to Jeanne Rickert, Secretary, Nano Magic Inc., 31601 Research Park Drive, Madison Heights, MI 48071 

Board
Leadership Structure and Board s Role in Risk Oversight 

The
Chairman of our Board is now a separate position from that of our Chief Executive Officer. The two roles were separated after our present
Chief Executive Officer was elected to that position in February 2020 and the then-existing Chief Executive Officer was named Chairman.
We believe having a separate Chairman who has previously been in the Chief Executive Officer role provides greater assurance of a continuity
in the vision for our business. 

Risk
is inherent within every business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a variety of risks.
As a manufacturing company with nanotechnology products, operational risks relating to production, sources of supply and quality control
are significant. Given our history of operating losses and our small size, liquidity risk is also significant. Management is responsible
for the day-to-day management of the risks we face, while the Board has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. Taking its
risk oversight role, the Board of Directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and
implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To do this, our directors discuss with management our strategy and
risks we face. 

46 

Board
Committees and Director Independence 

Our
securities are not quoted on an exchange that requires a majority of the members of our Board of Directors the Board or
the Board of Directors to be independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to any law, rule or regulation requiring
that all or any portion of our Board of Directors include independent directors. Similarly, we are not required to establish
or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our Board of Directors. Nonetheless, as a matter of corporate governance best practice,
we have established an Audit Committee (as described below) and our board has determined that Messrs. Gatland, Gunn and Sherbin are independent 
as defined by the NASDAQ Marketplace rules. 

The
Board does not have standing compensation or nominating committees. The Board does not believe these committees are necessary based on
the size of our company and the current levels of compensation to corporate officers. The entire Board participates in the consideration
of compensation issues relating to the Chief Executive Officer. We plan to consider establishing compensation and nominating committees
at the appropriate time. 

Candidates
for director nominees are reviewed in the context of the current composition of the Board and the operating and strategic challenges
that we face in the next few years. In conducting this assessment, we consider skills, diversity, age, and such other factors as it deems
appropriate given the current needs of the Board and our company, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience and capability. We will
seek out individuals with relevant experience to provide strategic guidance and to advise management as we operate our business and introduce
new products. 

Audit
Committee 

In
February 2016, the Board created an audit committee. It is charged with overseeing (1) the integrity of our financial statements and
accounting and financial reporting processes; (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (3) the performance of our independent
auditor and the qualifications and independence of that firm; (4) our system of disclosure, internal controls and compliance with our
Code of Ethics. In December 2022, Messrs. Gatland, Gunn and Sherbin were elected to serve on that committee, Mr. Gunn as Chair of the
committee. Mr. Gunn is an audit committee financial expert. 

Report
of the Audit Committee 

The
audit committee (the Committee oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors.
Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including internal control systems.
The Company s independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the company s
audited financial statements with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The
Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by the
applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered accounting firm s
communications with the Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the independent registered accounting firm the independence
of that firm. 

In
reliance on the reviews conducted, the Committee recommends to the Board of the Directors (and the Board has approved) the inclusion
of the audited financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC. 

47 

Stockholder
Nominations 

To
nominate candidates for service as a director on our board a stockholder must hold at least 2,000 in value of shares entitled to vote
in the election of directors. Notice must be given not less than 60 or more than 90 days before the meeting. If less than 75-days 
notice is given of the date of the meeting, the stockholder s notice is due not more than 10 days after notice of the meeting is
given or after public disclosure of the date of the meeting, whichever is first. The notice must include information about a proposed
candidate: the class and number of shares of stock held of record, owned beneficially and represented by proxy by the nominating shareholder
or any person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, under common control with or acting in concert with the nominating shareholder
(which we refer to as a shareholder associated person ), and by each person to be nominated such information to be as of
the record date for the meeting and as of the date of such notice; a description of all contracts, arrangements, understandings or relationships
between (a) the shareholder making the nomination and any shareholder associated person that relate to the nomination, (b) the shareholder
making the nomination and the proposed nominee and (c) the shareholder making the nomination, the proposed nominee or any shareholder
associated person and any other person or persons that relate to the nomination. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
table below sets forth certain compensation information for: (i) our principal executive officer or other individual serving in a similar
capacity during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal
executive officers who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 whose compensation exceed 100,000; and (iii) up to two
additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive
officer at December 31, 2022. Compensation information is shown for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

We
sometimes refer to these individuals to as the named executive officers as that term is defined under Rule 3b-7 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The value attributable to any stock or option awards is computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. None
of our named executive officers received compensation in the form of Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation or Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Earnings in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. The value of stock awards represents the grant date fair value of awards granted
with respect to fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission rules, the
amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. Our methodology, including its
underlying estimates and assumptions used in calculating these values, is set forth in Note 2 to our audited financial statements for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

For
stock awards, these shares were valued on the grant date based on the quoted trading price of the stock on such date. 

Name
 Principal position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards )(1) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Tom
 J. Berman President CEO 
 2022 
 195,000 (2) 
 - 
 24,000 
 146,889 
 1,000 
 366,889 
 
 Tom J. Berman 
President CEO 
 2021 
 210,500 
 159,145 
 8,000 
 457,223 
 - 
 834,870 

(1) 
 All
 directors are compensated for service on our Board. The compensation in this column for Mr. Berman, reflects awards for service as
 a director. 

(2) 
 40,000
 of this amount was earned, but was accrued and not paid. 

48 

Mr.
Berman s contract was originally from April 1, 2019 through December 31, 2020. In November 2020, the Board acted to extend his
contract through 2023. His salary was 15,000 per month for 2020 and 17,500 per month for 2021. In 2020, Mr. Berman also earned a cash
bonus of 10 of the amount by which revenue at our subsidiary Nano Magic LLC for any calendar quarter of 2020 exceeded 450,000, subject
to an annual cap on the cash bonus payment of 200,000. In 2020, Mr. Berman reached the cap on the cash payment for the bonus; accordingly,
options to purchase an additional 100,000 shares of stock at a price of 0.55 per share became vested. Because revenue for Nano Magic
LLC was up more than 20 in 2021 over 2020, Mr. Berman s salary increased in March 2022 to 20,000 per month. Mr. Berman also earned
a sales bonus in 2021 and will earn a bonus on 2022 equal to 10 of the amount by which gross sales by Nano Magic LLC exceed the sales
target for the quarter, subject to an annual cap. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End Table 

The
following table provides information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards outstanding
at December 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised options - exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options - unexercisable 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested 
 Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested ) 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested 
 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market Value of Unearned Shares, Units or other Rights that have not Vested ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 
 
 Tom
 J. Berman 
 450,000 
 - 
 - 
 0.55 
 (1 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tom J. Berman 
 600,000 
 1,450,000 
 - 
 0.75 
 (2 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 The
 option to purchase: 
 
 Expires
 on: 

50,000
 Option Shares 
 
 April
 3, 2024 

75,000
 Option Shares 
 
 December
 31, 2024 

100,000
 Option Shares 
 
 June
 30, 2025 

125,000
 Option Shares 
 
 December
 31, 2025 

100,000 Option Shares 
 
 December 31,2025 

(2) 
 The option to purchase 
 
 Expires on: 

150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 June
 30, 2025 

150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 December
 31, 2025 

150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 June
 30, 2026 

150,000
 Option Shares 
 
 December
 31, 2026 

49 

Director
Compensation 

We
paid our directors the amounts shown below during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Amounts paid to Mr. Tom Berman are shown in
the summary Compensation Table for named executive officers. All directors were compensated for 2022 with a fee of 2,000 per meeting
paid in shares of commons stock. Miles Gatland joined the Board in February, 2022, David Sherbin joined the board in May, 2022. Raymond
Gunn joined the Board in December 2022 and was not compensated in 2022. 

Name 
 Fees
 earned or paid in cash 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Option
 Awards(1) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Ronald
 J. Berman 
 - 
 24,000 
 - 
 124,150 (2) 
 148,150 
 
 Miles
 Gatland 
 - 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 
 
 Scott
 E. Rickert 
 - 
 24,000 
 - 
 50,000 (3) 
 74,000 
 
 Jeanne
 M. Rickert 
 - 
 24,000 
 - 
 - 
 24,000 
 
 David
 Sherbin 
 - 
 12,000 
 - 
 - 
 12,000 

(1) 
 No
 option awards were made to Directors in 2022 or 2021. In 2021, in connection with consulting services, Mr. Ronald Berman was awarded
 an option described above. 

(2) 
 Bonus,
 consulting and legal fees paid to Mr. Berman in 2021. 

(3)
 
 Repayment
 of cash advances made to the Company in prior years. 

We
have entered into agreements to provide contractual indemnification and advancement of expenses to the directors. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

See
table and related explanations under item 5 above regarding Equity Compensation Plans. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

Set
forth in the following table is the indicated information as of March 11, 2023 with respect to each person who is known to us to be the
beneficial owner of more than five percent of our common stock. 

Name
 and address of beneficial owner 
 Amount
 and nature of beneficial ownership(1) 
 Percent
 of Class(2) 

PEN
 Comeback, LLC 
 31601
 Research Park Drive 
 Madison
 Heights, MI 48071 
 3,349,467 
 17 

PEN Comeback 2, LLC 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 2,842,670 
 14 

Magic Growth LLC 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 1,961,496 
 10 

Magic Growth 2 LLC 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 2,308,912 
 12 

Magic Growth 3 LLC 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 1,484,254 
 8 

Rickert Family, Limited Partnership 
 9 Diamond Drive 
 Key West, FL 33040 
 1,564,512 
 8 

Ronald J. Berman 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 2,064,868 (3) 
 11 (4) 

Tom J. Berman 
 31601 Research Park Drive 
 Madison Heights, MI 48071 
 1,864,457 (5) 
 9 (4) 

(1) 
 Includes
 warrants and options that are presently exercisable. 

(2) 
 Percentages
 assume that all options and warrants presently exercisable or exercisable in the next 60 days have been exercised. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Ron Berman owns directly 521,374 shares and options and warrants presently exercisable for 45,000 shares. The balance of his economic
 interest is held indirectly through investment in PEN Comeback, LLC and PEN Comeback 2, LLC. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Ron Berman and Mr. Tom Berman share equally the voting and dispositive power over the holdings of PEN Comeback, LLC; PEN Comeback
 2, LLC; Magic Growth, LLC; Magic Growth 2 LLC and Magic Growth 3 LLC (these five entities, the Investors ). As a result,
 their voting control on a fully diluted basis is 61 for Mr. Ron Berman and 64 for Mr. Tom Berman. 

(5)
 
 Mr.
 Tom Berman owns directly 116,411 shares and options and warrants for 857,500 shares exercisable now or in the next 60 days. The balance
 of his economic interest is held indirectly through investment in PEN Comeback, LLC and PEN Comeback 2, LLC. 

Set
forth in the table below is information as of March 11, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock by our directors
and Executive Officers. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Economic Percentage Ownership 
 Voting
 and Dispositive Power 
 
 Ronald
 J Berman (1) (2) 
 2,064,868 
 11 
 64 
 
 Tom
 J. Berman (1) (2) 
 2,064,457 
 11 
 67 
 
 Miles
 Gatland (3) 
 1,274,578 
 6 
 (5) 
 
 Raymond
 Gunn 
 0 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jeanne
 M. Rickert (4) 
 615,080 
 3 
 (5) 
 
 Scott
 E. Rickert (4) 
 623,334 
 3 
 6 (4) 
 
 David
 Sherbin 
 16,000 
 - (5) 
 - (5) 
 
 Leandro
 Vera 
 0 
 - 
 - 
 
 All
 directors and officers as a group 
 
 35 
 84 

(1) 
 Includes
 options and warrants held directly by the following individuals that are presently exercisable or exercisable in the next 60 days: 

Mr.
 Ron Berman 
 45,000 
 
 Mr.
 Tom Berman 
 1,057,500 
 
 Mr.
 Miles Gatland 
 70,000 

(2) 
 Includes
 economic interest in stock and warrants that are presently exercisable held indirectly in PEN Comeback LLC, PEN Comeback 2 LLC or
 both. Ronald Berman and Tom Berman share voting and dispositive power over all securities held by PEN Comeback LLC, PEN
Comeback 2 LLC, Magic Growth LLC, Magic Growth 2 LLC and Magic Growth 3 LLC. 

(3) 
 Includes
 economic interest in stock and warrants that are presently exercisable held indirectly in Magic Growth LLC, Magic Growth 2 LLC and
 Magic Growth 3 LLC. Last column only includes securities held directly, as Messrs. Ron and
Tom Berman hold voting and dispositive power of securities held indirectly. 

(4) 
 Includes
 economic interest in stock and warrants that are presently exercisable
held indirectly in Rickert Family, Limited Partnership. Mr. Rickert has sole voting and dispositive power over all securities held by
Rickert Family, Limited Partnership. 

(5) 
 Less than 1 . 

50 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction, and Director Independence. 

Our
board has determined that Messrs. Gatland, Gunn and Sherbin are independent as defined by the NASDAQ Marketplace rules. 

Please
refer to Note 10 Related Party Transactions to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report. The
information described therein is hereby incorporated by reference under this Item 13. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants, UHY for categories of services indicated. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 
 
 Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 127,500 
 127,500 
 
 Audit
 Related Fees 
 
 - 
 
 Tax
 Fees 
 9,000 
 9,000 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

Audit
fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial
statements included in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related
fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , review of our Forms 8-K filings and services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax
fees. Consists of professional services rendered by a company aligned with our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice
and tax planning. 

Other
fees. The services provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters,
registration statement review, accounting issues and client conferences. 

51 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Nano Magic Inc., dated July 2, 2020. (i incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated March 2, 2021 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Merger of Domestic Corporation and Foreign Limited Liability Company effective December 31, 2022. 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws of PEN Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Annex C, Exhibit B-2 of the Company s Proxy Statement filed with the SEC on July 3, 2014). 

4.1 
 
 Piggyback Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 10, 2014, between Douglas P. Baker and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 11, 2014). 

4.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 16, 2018, by and between PEN Inc., and PEN Comeback, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 10Q filed with the SEC on May 29, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to PEN Comeback, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 10Q filed with the SEC on May 29, 2019). 

4.4+ 
 
 Option dated April 4, 2019 issued to Tom J. Berman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2019). 

4.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 6, 2019, by and between PEN Inc., and PEN Comeback 2, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2019). 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to PEN Comeback 2, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2019). 

4.7 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Magic Growth LLC and Magic Growth 2 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

4.8+ 
 
 Option dated March 2, 2020 issued to Tom J. Berman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

4.9 
 
 Option dated March 2, 2020 issued to Ronald J. Berman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

4.10 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Magic Growth 3 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022). 

4.11 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.11 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022) 

4.12 
 
 Form
 of amendment to extend term of Warrant(s) 

4.13 
 
 Form of Amendment to Option(s) to permit personal representative to exercise vested options 

4.14 
 
 Form
 of Secured, Convertible Promissory Note 

52 

10.1 
 
 Commercial Security Agreement, dated February 10, 2015, between Nanofilm, Ltd. and KeyBank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 10, 2015). 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Commercial Promissory Note dated June 18, 2019, between PEN Brands LLC and KeyBank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2019). 

10.3 
 
 PEN Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2016). 

10.4+ 
 
 Nano Magic Holdings Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 3, 2019, between PEN Inc. and Tom Berman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company s form 10-K filed with the Commission on, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 U.S Small Business Administration Note, dated May 8, 2020, from Nano Magic LLC to Fifth Third Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

10.7+ 
 
 Exhibit B executed March 2, 2020 to Employment Agreement dated April 3, 2019, between Nano Magic Inc. and Tom Berman (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Form 10K filed with the SEC on May 28,2021). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement between individual directors and Nano Magic Holdings Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10Q filed with the SEC on October 28,2021). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certificate of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section
 1350 Certificate of Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ 
 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

53 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Nano
 Magic Inc. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/
 Tom J. Berman 

Tom
 J. Berman, President CEO 

Date: 
 April
 11, 2023 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeanne M. Rickert as his true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead,
in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to the annual report, which amendments may make such changes in the annual
report as the attorney-in-fact deems appropriate and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitutes or substitute, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Tom J. Berman 
 
 Director,
 President CEO 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Tom
 J. Berman 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Leandro Vera 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Leandro
 Vera 
 
 (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Ronald J. Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 J. Berman 

/s/
 Miles Gatland 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Miles
 Gatland 

/s/
 Raymond Gunn 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Raymond
 Gunn 

/s/
 Jeanne Rickert 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Jeanne
 M. Rickert 

/s/
 Scott E. Rickert 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 Scott
 E. Rickert 

/s/
 David Sherbin 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 11, 2023 
 
 David
 Sherbin 

54 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 ex3-3.htm

Exhibit 3.3 

STATE
OF DELAWARE 

 CERTIFICATE
OF MERGER OF 

 DOMESTIC
CORPORATION AND 

 FOREIGN
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

Pursuant
to Title 8, Section 264(c) of the Delaware Corporation Law, the undersigned corporation executed the following Certificate of Merger: 

FIRST:
The name of the surviving corporation is now Nano Magic Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the name of the limited liability
company being merged into this surviving corporation is Nano Magic LLC , a Michigan limited liability company. 

SECOND:
The Agreement and Plan of Merger has been approved, adopted, certified, executed and acknowledged by the surviving corporation and the
merging limited liability company. 

THIRD:
Effective at the effective time of the merger, the name of the surviving corporation shall be: Nano Magic Inc. 

FOURTH:
The merger is to become effective on December 31, 2022, at 11:59p.m. (eastern Standard Time). 

FIFTH:
The Agreement and Plan of Merger is on file at 31601 Research Park Drive, Madison Heights, Michigan 48071, the place of business of the
surviving corporation. 

SIXTH:
A copy of the Agreement and Plan of Merger will be furnished by the surviving corporation, on request without cost, to any stockholder
of the surviving corporation or member of the constituent limited liability company. 

SEVENTH:
Except for the name change reflected in Article THIRD above, the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation shall be its
certificate of incorporation. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the surviving corporation has caused this certificate to be signed by its authorized officer the 20th day of December,
2022. 

By: 
 /s/
 J M Rickert 

Jeanne
 M Rickert, Secretary 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-4.12>
 3
 ex4-12.htm

Exhibit
4.12 

Amendment
to Warrant[s] 

This
Amendment to Warrant[s] dated as of May 26, 2022, is by and between ______________ Holder ), and Nano Magic Holdings Inc.,
a Delaware corporation formerly known as PEN Inc. (the Company ). 

1. The
 Company has issued to Holder warrants to purchase Class A common stock of the Company that,
 under the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Company is now simply
 common stock. The warrants owned by holder are: 

Date
 of issue: 
 Underlying
 shares: 

2. The
 Company and Holder agree to extend the original for year term of the warrants held by holder
 for an additional two-year term, meaning that each warrant will expire six years from date
 of issue. 

3. The
 Company and Holder agree that for each of the above described warrants (i) the Notice of
 Warrant Exercise shall hereafter reference the warrant, as amended; (ii) notices to the Company
 shall be sent to Nano Magic Holdings Inc. at 31601 Research Park Drive, Madison Heights Ml
 48701, and e-mail to tom@nanomagic.com with a copy to leo@nanomagic.com . 

4. The
 Company and Holder agree that the other terms of the warrants remain in full force and effect
 without amendment. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Amendment to Warrants by its duly authorized representative. 

[Name
 of Holder] 
 
 Nano
 Magic Holdings Inc. 

By:

By:

</EX-4.12>

<EX-4.13>
 4
 ex4-13.htm

Exhibit
4.13 

AMENDMENT
TO OPTIONS 

This
Amendment to Options is dated as of December 6, 2022, by and between [Tom J. Berman OR Ronald J. Berman] Holder and Nano
Magic Inc. (the Company ). 

1. 
 The
 Company has issued to Holder [identify options] 

2. 
 In
 further consideration for Holder s service to the company, the Company, acting by its Board of Directors, has determined that,
 in the event of Holder s death or disability, the power of his legal representative to exercise vested rights to purchase stock
 under the Options should not be time limited. 

3. 
 Accordingly.
 Section 6 of each of the Options is hereby amended to state: 

6.
Transfer. This Option and the rights granted to Holder are not transferable by the Holder and may not be transferred, in whole or
in part, except that vested Tranches may be exercised by the legal representative of the Holder after his death or disability. 

4. 
 Except
 as stated in this Amendment, the Options referenced in Section 1 remain in full force and effect in accordance with their terms. 

In
witness whereof, the Company and the Holder have executed this Amendment. 

[Holder] 

Nano Magic Inc. 

By: 

Leandro
 Vera, CFO 

</EX-4.13>

<EX-4.14>
 5
 ex4-14.htm

Exhibit
4.14 

THIS
NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED BY ANY PERSON, INCLUDING A PLEDGEE, UNLESS (1) EITHER (A) A REGISTRATION
STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO SHALL BE EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE RECEIVED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE, AND (2) THERE SHALL
HAVE BEEN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS. 

NANO
MAGIC HOLDINGS, INC. 

Secured,
Convertible Promissory Note 

____Madison
Heights, MI 

 [Date] 

For
value received NANO MAGIC HOLDINGS INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby unconditionally promises
to pay to the order of ______________ (together with successors and assigns, the Holder ), the principal sum
of ______________ Dollars and No Cents ___000.00) (the Note ). The principal amount due under this Note shall bear
interest at a rate of 8 per annum and accrue during the term of the loan, payable upon maturity. All Principal and Interest shall be
due [18 mo. from date of issue], unless paid earlier. All payments in respect of this Note shall be made in lawful money of the United
States of America, or common stock of the Company as set forth below. 

The
Conversion Price is 1.75 per share. This Note is be convertible at the Conversion Price in whole or in part at any time at the option
of the Holder. Upon conversion, any accrued and unpaid interest will be paid in money. 

This
Note may be prepaid and redeemed by the Company at any time, in whole or in part, upon 30 days written notice to Holder. If some or all
the Note Credits (as defined below) are paid to the Company before this Note is due, the Company shall offer to prepay the notes secured
by the Note Credits in proportion to the principal balances of those notes. Notice of redemption will be effective if sent to the Holder
at the e-mail address provided to the Company in the Holder s subscription agreement. Upon receipt of such notice, Holder has 15
days to elect to receive some or all of the amount to be redeemed in shares of the Company s common stock at the Conversion Price. 

This
Note is one of a series of notes secured by a security interest and pledge of certain amounts due to the Company and its affiliates under
the Employee Retention Tax Credit program Note Credits as set forth in a Security Agreement dated December 15,
2022. The Holder must exercise any rights under the Security Agreement and under this Note in accordance with the terms of the Security
Agreement and may not exercise rights independently. 

The
Company waives presentment, protest and demand, notice of protest, demand and dishonor and nonpayment of this Note and agrees to pay
all costs of collection when incurred, including attorneys fees. No extension of the time for the payment of this Note or any
installment thereof made by agreement with any person now or hereafter liable for the payment of this Note shall operate to release,
discharge, modify, change or affect the Company s liability under this Note, either in whole or in part, unless the Company shall
be a party to such agreement. 

The
Company s obligations under this Note are absolute and unconditional and shall not be subject to any defense, setoff or counterclaim
that may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company. The Company hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, any right to
offset or interpose as a defense or counterclaim any claim against the Holder against its obligations under this Note. 

This
Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. With respect to any suit, action shall
lie in the venue of Detroit, Michigan. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been executed and delivered as a sealed instrument on the date first above written by the duly authorized
representative of the Company. 

NANO
 MAGIC HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Thomas
J. Berman, President CEO 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

None 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certificate
of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I,
Tom J. Berman, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Nano Magic Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material
respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting) as defined in the Exchange
Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 

/s/
 Tom J. Berman 

Tom
 J. Berman 

President

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certificate
of Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

I,
Leandro Vera, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Nano Magic Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material
respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report. 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting) as defined in the Exchange
Act Rules 13a - 15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 

/s/
 Leandro Vera 

Leandro
 Vera 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Section
1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

In
connection with the annual report of Nano Magic Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tom J. Berman, the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Leandro Vera, Chief Financial Officer, certify to the best of our knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 /s/
 Tom J. Berman 

Tom
 J. Berman 

President

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 /s/
 Leandro Vera 

Leandro
 Vera 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nmgx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 nmgx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 nmgx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 nmgx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

