<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1855474_0001213900-23-030300.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4373289</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>541709</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>915105</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>874486</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1005741</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>928837</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030300.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165935
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030300
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Power & Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001855474
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41151
		FILM NUMBER:		23824586

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 NORTH CLARK STREET, SUITE 2440
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-374-6932

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		321 NORTH CLARK STREET, SUITE 2440
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60654

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030300.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_poweranddigi2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the period from to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act : 

CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered Unit, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant XPDBU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 XPDBW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If the securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding, other than
shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class
A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Nasdaq was approximately (based
on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 of 9.82). 

As of April 17, 2023, there were shares of Class
A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 CERTAIN TERMS 
 ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 iii 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 62 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 62 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 62 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 62 

PART II 
 63 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information and Holders 
 63 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 64 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 64 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 70 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 70 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 70 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 71 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 72 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 72 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 72 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 82 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 83 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 85 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 88 

PART III 
 89 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 89 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 89 

SIGNATURES 
 90 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the company, which was adopted in connection with the closing of our initial public offering; 

anchor investors are to certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc.; 

Class A common stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock issued in connection with our initial business combination including, but not limited to, a private placement of equity or debt; 

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of our Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A common stock will not be public shares 

IPO are to the initial public offering of the company completed on December 14, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering and include our sponsor and independent directors; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors, and directors are to our current directors; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants of the company to purchase one share of common stock, which warrants were initially purchased by the sponsor and the anchor investors in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the IPO and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the publically traded warrants of the company to purchase one share of common stock issued as part of each unit in our initial public offering and which began trading separately on January 31, 2022; 

sponsor are to XPDI Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed by individuals affiliated with TEP and XMS. References to the experience of our sponsor include the experience of TEP, XMS and their respective affiliated investment professionals; 

TEP are to Transition Equity Partners, LLC, a private equity fund focused on renewable and transition energy infrastructure in North America; 

trust account are to the trust account set up following our initial public offering with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee; 

unit are to our units issued in our initial public offering, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant; 

warrants are to the private placement warrants, public warrants and any warrants we issue to our sponsor upon conversion of loans; 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Power Digital Acquisition II Corp., a Delaware corporation; and 

XMS are to XMS XPDI Sponsor Holdings II LLC, an entity owned by professionals of XMS Capital Partners, LLC, a global independent financial services firm, primarily providing strategic and financial advisory services. 

XMS Capital are to XMS Capital Partners, LLC, an entity experienced in providing strategic and financial advisory services, inducing advising clients on mergers and acquisitions, capital structure, financings, takeover and activist preparation, and restructurings. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including, without limitation, statements
under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). Our forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based
on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that
future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks,
uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors 
may not be exhaustive. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business
combination. 

Our intention is to acquire a business or entity
that could benefit from our expertise across the power and digital infrastructure landscape. 

TEP is a private equity fund focused on renewable and transition energy infrastructure. Its leadership team has over 20 years of investment experience and has invested in ~ 1.1 billion, including ~ 900 million directly, in the renewable and transition power verticals. 

XMS is an entity owned by professionals of XMS Capital. 

In March 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover for
certain offering costs on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock. In November 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate of 7,187,500 shares of
our Class B common stock outstanding. We have agreed to sell to the anchor investors 1,078,125 founder shares, and the anchor investors
agreed to purchase from us on the date of the initial business combination an aggregate of 1,078,125 founder shares for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately 3,750, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our sponsor has also agreed that in the event of such purchase by the
anchor investors, our sponsor will forfeit to us for no consideration a number of founder shares equal to the number of founder shares
purchased by the anchor investors. 

In July 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 shares
of Class B common stock to each of the four independent director nominees, a total of 120,000 shares of Class B common stock. In November
2021, our sponsor repurchased 30,000 shares of Class B common stock from a former independent director nominee. 

On December 14, 2021 the company consummated its
IPO of 28,750,000 units, which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 3,750,000 units at the
initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant,
each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and
the issuance and sale of the units, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 11,125,000 private placement warrants at a
price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 11,125,000. The private placement warrants, which were purchased
by the sponsor and the anchor investors, are substantially similar to the public warrants, except that if held by the sponsor, the anchor
investors or their respective permitted transferees, they (i) may be exercised on a cashless basis, (ii) are not redeemable and (iii)
subject to certain limited exceptions, will be subject to transfer restrictions until 30 days following the consummation of our initial
business combination. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor, the anchor investors or their respective
permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by the company under all redemption scenarios and exercisable
by holders on the same basis as the public warrants. 

1 

Competitive Strengths 

We believe the sourcing, valuation, diligence and
execution capabilities of our management team will provide us with a significant pipeline of opportunities from which to evaluate and
select a target for an initial business combination that will benefit from our extensive experience. Our competitive strengths include
the following: 

TEP s leadership has 20 years of experience and decades-long relationships across the energy power industry to facilitate proprietary and relationship-based opportunities for sourcing and improving investments; 

TEP s deep experience as an investor in carbon credits and businesses that generate carbon credits; 

TEP s leadership drives value at the investment level by leveraging industry relationships, employing rigorous underwriting and risk management acumen, and macroeconomic and financial insight; 

Senior leadership has more than 20 years of energy power investing experience through multiple commodity/economic cycles; 

XMS partners average over 25 years of investment banking experience; 

XMS has the expertise to advise across the entire range of strategic and financial alternatives - M A, capital structure, financings, takeover and activist preparation, dividend policy, restructuring; 

XMS Capital is a leading advisory firm for blockchain infrastructure, advising some of the largest public and private U.S. based blockchain firms on M A, strategy, and new ventures; 

XMS Capital has world class execution with expertise navigating all potential process dynamics and nuances, and has executed transactions in virtually every industry, sector, and vertical; and 

The XMS and TEP teams have decades of combined experience in sourcing deals with a demonstrated track record of successfully executing transactions. 

2 

Business Strategy 

Our business strategy is to identify and complete
an initial business combination that creates substantial long-term value for our stockholders. We will seek North American targets operating
as leaders in the power and digital infrastructure areas and adjacent industries to capitalize on co-optimization opportunities, where
they exist. We believe the network of proprietary and relationship-based opportunities of the management, combined with its rigorous underwriting
and risk management acumen, and macroeconomic and financial insight, will allow us to effectively and efficiently identify and evaluate
potential opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition to our network and expertise, we plan to leverage XMS 
world class execution with expertise navigating all potential process dynamics and nuances, to extend our access to opportunities. We
will seek to: 

Bridge the gap between renewable energy and storage assets with high-density energy consumers in the digital infrastructure industry with a co-optimization strategy, where it s present and actionable; 

Optimize renewable energy resource integration into the transmission and distribution grid using power technology, equipment and services; 

Utilize more sustainable power to satisfy the energy demands of the ever-increasing data center and blockchain digital infrastructure industries; 

Provide a public currency to facilitate rapid growth through acquisition as the electrical grid transitions in these high-growth renewable energy supply and digital infrastructure demand markets; 

Leverage the management team s and Board s deep expertise and deal flow across both the power and digital infrastructure industries which will provide a large opportunity set for XPDI II to pursue both as the initial target for the SPAC, as well as for follow-on acquisitions; 

Capitalize on TEP s long-standing relationships across the energy power industry to facilitate proprietary and relationship-based opportunities for sourcing and improving investments; 

Utilize XMS Capital s position as a leading advisory firm for blockchain infrastructure and broad experience to navigate all potential process dynamics and nuances; and 

Leverage the combination of a highly experienced data center developer and operator with a bitcoin mining team, to achieve our investment goals that has proven execution capabilities. 

Our company is supported by a full management team
with deep expertise and deal flow across both the intermittent renewable and dispatchable power and digital infrastructure industries.
Our operations will be overseen by an experienced Board of Directors with deep knowledge developed through extensive M A, financing
transactions, and entrepreneurial ventures. Our management team brings extensive knowledge and a developed network. 

We believe that the evolving transition taking
place in the electrical power and digital infrastructure landscape has created and will continue to create significant opportunity for
co-optimization from renewable energy resources, expanding their integration into the transmission and distribution grid, and utilizing
the more sustainable power to satisfy the demands of the ever-increasing high-density electrical needs of data centers and blockchain
infrastructure. 

3 

Acquisition Criteria 

The following general criteria and guidelines were
developed to evaluate prospective target businesses, consistent with our Business Strategy. 

These criteria and guidelines will be used in evaluating
acquisition opportunities, but the target business that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with may not meet all
of the criteria and guidelines listed below. We may also consider other criteria and/or guidelines not listed below. We intend to acquire
a business or an entity that we believe: 

Has demonstrated, or has the potential to develop, fundamentally sound financial performance, with visibility into revenue and cash flow growth and relatively predictable future financial performance; 

Exhibits unique business attributes and/or product offerings that provide us confidence on the long-term profitability and outlook of the company; 

Is directed by an exemplary and accomplished management team with a proven track record and complementary capabilities, or is open to augmenting the existing leadership team s capabilities with additional talent through our network; and 

Embraces the potential to maximize the value to our stockholders, through utilizing our industry experience, as well as our operating, strategic, financing and M A capabilities. 

The list of criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation of the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based on the above criteria and guidelines as well as
other factors and considerations that our management and our sponsors may deem appropriate. Should we elect to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, it will be disclosed in any stockholder
communications related to our initial business combination that the target business does not meet the above criteria. 

Initial Business Combination 

In accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq, our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable by
us on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business
combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to satisfaction
of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. We do
not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this
requirement, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although
we are not permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with
nominal operations. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public
stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team
or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own
a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in
the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test.
If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of
all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender
offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

4 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target
business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors. or any of their affiliates. In the event
we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal
firm that commonly renders fairness opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Our sponsor and directors directly or indirectly
own founder shares, Class A common stock and/or private placement warrants following our IPO and, accordingly, may have a conflict of
interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. In particular, because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.004 per share, the holders of our founder shares
(including members of our management team that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial
business combination even if our public stockholders lose money on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination
value of their shares of common stock (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated
by the business combination). Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a
particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as
a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities, including as described above. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, including one or more other blank check companies, he or she will honor his
or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Delaware law. 

5 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners
of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our
Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor
the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost
effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes
a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in
the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection
with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could
have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for
acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination
from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants initially in the amount of approximately 290.4 million after payment of approximately
 10.1 million of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its
owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its
debt leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a
combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and
there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

6 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our IPO, the private placements of the private placement warrants, our equity, debt or a combination of
these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with
a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the
numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Although our management will assess the risks inherent
in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all
risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust
account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions
on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to
any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the
incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our process of identifying acquisition targets
will leverage XMS, TEP, our sponsor and our management team s industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad
and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional
investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants,
attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the
collective experience, capability and network of XMS, TEP, our directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations
in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target
business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment
funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls
or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis,
since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors,
as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

7 

We also expect to receive a number of proprietary
deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers
and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in
business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not
otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines
is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any
such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will either of our sponsor or any of our existing
officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will
be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection
with a contemplated acquisition of such target by us. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or from making the
acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or
directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent
accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required
to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are
affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. 

Accordingly, if our sponsor or its affiliates
or our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

Our initial business combination must occur with
one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable by us on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the
agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board
of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or
value of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from an independent accounting firm, with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our
initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

8 

In any case, we will only complete an initial business
combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If
we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or
businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test.
There is no basis for investors in our IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately
complete our business combination. 

To the extent we effect our business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to
structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with,
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members
of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

9 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our
management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek to
recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our shares of common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

10 

The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited
to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; 

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market prior to the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of
the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions,
they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or
if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in
privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases,
if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject
to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases
are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

11 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders
(in the case of our Class A common stock) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and
contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust
account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to
our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to
purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only
purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases
are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule
10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be
available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to
the completion of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 10.23 per public share. The per-share amount we will
distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem
its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our
sponsor, directors, each other member of our management team and the anchor investors have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to
which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares in connection with (i)
the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have
not completed an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO. 

12 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
upon the consummation of a business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However,
the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance
with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms
of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, and all Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection
with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we
will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require
us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private
issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking stockholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases
would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20 of our shares of outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
would require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder
approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. 

If we held a stockholder vote to approve our initial
business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

13 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are voted by the stockholders at a stockholders
meeting to approve the initial business combination, unless applicable law, our corporate governing documents or applicable stock exchange
rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holder present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders and the anchor investors will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered
into with us, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after our IPO, in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our
outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum
is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders and anchor investors founder shares, we would need 10,781,251,
or 37.5 , of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our
initial business combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted). In addition, in the event the anchor investors
acquire and own an aggregate of 2,300,000 public shares, and vote such public shares in favor of our initial business combination, then
we would need only 8,481,251, or 29.5 , of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in our IPO, to be voted in favor of our initial business
combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Also, as a result
of the founder shares and private placement warrants that our anchor investors may hold (directly or indirectly), they may have different
interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. These quorum and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will complete our initial business combination.
Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. In addition,
our sponsor, directors, each other member of our management team and the anchor investors have entered into agreements with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with (i)
the completion of a business combination and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not
completed an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A common stock in
the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

14 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete
the initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
upon the consummation of a business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions
of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to
our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the
target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus
any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of our Class A common stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business
Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the excess shares. We believe
this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use
their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to
purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights
if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or
on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without
our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a
closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including excess shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

15 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights 

Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption
rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates
(if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed
to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve
the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the
requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would
have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the initial
vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise
its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for stockholders to use
electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the
redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights
to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such
delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to
deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion
of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of our shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption
price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation.
As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option 
rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming stockholder s election to redeem is irrevocable
once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights
and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public
shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial
business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly
return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months,
as applicable) from the closing of our IPO. 

16 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we will have only 18 months from the closing of our IPO to complete an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that
we may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 18 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period
of time to complete a business combination by two additional three-month periods (for a total of up to 24 months from the closing of our
IPO to complete a business combination). Our public stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection
with, any such extension. This feature is different from some other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any extension of the
company s period to complete an initial business combination would require a vote of the company s stockholders and in connection
with such vote stockholders would have the right to redeem their public shares. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend
the time available for us to complete our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five business
days advance notice prior to each deadline, must deposit into the trust account an additional 0.10 per share of Class A common
stock then outstanding on or prior to the date of such deadline. In connection with each such additional deposit, in each case, our sponsor
or its affiliates or designees will receive an additional 2,875,000 private placement warrants, with the same terms as the original private
placement warrants. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five business days prior to a deadline of its intent to effect
an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to such deadline. In addition, we
intend to issue a press release the day after a deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and
its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
within the time period set forth above or such later date as approved by our stockholders, we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable)
from the closing of our IPO. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.20 per share of common stock if we were to
extend the period of time to complete our initial business combination once, and approximately 10.30 per share of common stock if we
were to extend the period of time to complete our initial business combination twice (in each case), without taking into account any interest
earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors
which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. 

Our sponsor, directors and each other member of
our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months (or
21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO. However, if our sponsor, director or other members of our management
team acquire public shares in or after our IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to such public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable)
from the closing of our IPO. 

17 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial
business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of a business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we
cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares
at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any
executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 1.19 million of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution
expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds
of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking
into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution
would be approximately 10.10, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete
an initial business combination. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we
extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution
must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are
sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters of our IPO have not executed agreements with us waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent
registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable,
if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30
per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
their indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

18 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period
of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as
applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is
unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that they have no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price
will not be less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we
will have to complete an initial business combination. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
We will have access to up to approximately 1.19 million from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants with
which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors,
however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL
intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a
liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that
a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of
limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in
the case of a liquidating distribution. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months,
as applicable) from the closing of our IPO or such later date as approved by our stockholders, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 18 th month and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the
extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary
of such date. 

19 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are
a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses
to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target
businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could
be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust
account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are
not reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we
will have to complete an initial business combination, or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest
withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period
of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or
winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received
by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or
all amounts received by our stockholders. 

Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the company s obligation to
allow redemption in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Class A common stock if the company has
not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of the initial
public offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the
initial business combination. Public stockholders who redeem their shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder
vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion
of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months
or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, with respect to such shares of our Class A common stock so redeemed. In no other
circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will
not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

20 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection
with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination
and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
321 North Clark Street, Suite 2440, Chicago, IL 60654. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee we
will pay to affiliates of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

Human Capital Resources 

We currently have four executive officers. These
individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any
time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business
combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be
audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target
businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in
accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared
in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements
in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire
the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

21 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our
internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form
8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules
and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other
obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination. We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the Market Value of the shares of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of the
prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior
three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller
reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years
of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter,
and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

22 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
Report and our final prospectus associated with our IPO, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently incorporated company incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through
our IPO. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with
any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we
do not complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote before
we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying
in the transaction was all cash, we would not be required to seek stockholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required
by law or stock exchange, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow
stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety
of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder
approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of
the business combination we complete. 

Please see the section of this Report entitled
 Item 1-Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

23 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders (including our sponsor)
own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of our IPO Our initial
stockholders, directors and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial
business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote,
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed
to vote their founder shares and any shares purchased during or after the offering, in favor of our initial business combination. As a
result, in addition to our initial stockholders and anchor investors founder shares, we would need 10,781,251, or 37.5 ,
of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business
combination approved (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted). In addition, in the event the anchor investors acquire and
own an aggregate of 2,300,000 public shares, and vote such public shares in favor of our initial business combination, then we would need
only 8,481,251, or 29.5 , of the 28,750,000 public shares sold in our IPO, to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of
our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial
business combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial
business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to
enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of a business combination (so that we
are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption
requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of a business combination or such greater
amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business
combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus,
may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

24 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third
party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher
than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to
us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted
for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions,
the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to
the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the
benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The requirement that we complete an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) after the closing of our IPO may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms
that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete an initial business combination within 18 months
(or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us
in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer
to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business
combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

25 

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the impact on business
and debt and equity markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a business combination, and any target business with
which we ultimately complete a business combination. 

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has adversely
affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could
adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate
a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if
continued concerns relating to the coronavirus restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target
company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a timely manner.
The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus pandemic, the
continued use of vaccines against the coronavirus and other actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. If the
disruptions posed by the coronavirus or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, it could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to complete a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately complete
a business combination. In addition, our ability to complete a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing
and the coronavirus pandemic and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing. 

We may not be able to complete an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) after the closing of the offering or such later date as approved by our stockholders,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate,
in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if
we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of
our IPO. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months
or 24 months, as applicable) after the closing of our IPO. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively
impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not
completed an initial business combination within such applicable time period or such later date as approved by our stockholders, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if
any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

26 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market prior to the completion of our initial business combination, where otherwise permissible under applicable
laws, rules and regulations, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have
no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such
transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase
may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees to vote in favor of the initial business combination or abstain and in any event not to exercise its
redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately
negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders
would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote
such shares in favor of the business combination, or abstain, and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of
the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the public warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers
are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1-Permitted Purchases of Our Securities for a description of how our
sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase securities from
in any private transaction. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem
our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares,
such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer
rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become
aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials,
or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other
procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this Report entitled Item 1-Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

27 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust
account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares
or public warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those shares of our Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations
described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the company s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Class A common stock if the company has not consummated an
initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of the initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, subject to applicable law and as further described
herein. Public stockholders who redeem their Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the
preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination
or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from
the closing of our IPO, with respect to such Class A common stock so redeemed. In addition, if we do not complete an initial business
combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO is not completed for any reason, compliance
with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution
of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 18 months (or 21 months or 24
months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a
public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of public warrants will not have any right to
the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has
not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because
we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 from the successful completion of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants
and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or
protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of
time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our IPO were subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the
trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

28 

Because of our limited resources, the increased number of special
purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more
difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders,
and our warrants will expire worthless. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, we expect to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. 

Furthermore, this competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. While we believe there
are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants,
our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses.
Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial
business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination our public stockholders may
receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement
warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months (or 21 months or
24 months, as applicable), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our
initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial
business combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the trust
account to fund our working capital requirements may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months (or 21 months
or 24 months, as applicable), assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds
available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor will be sufficient to allow us
to operate for at least the next 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) however, we cannot assure you that our estimate
is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist
us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination,
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity
from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we do not complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30
per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10
per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial
business combination, upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per
public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination and other
risk factors below. 

29 

If we are required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither
our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances.
Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial
business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price
of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion
of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If
we do not complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease
operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.10 per public share,
or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination,
or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public
stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period
of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will
have to complete an initial business combination and other risk factors below. 

We have the right to extend the term we have to complete our
initial business combination to up to 24 months from the closing of our IPO without providing our stockholders with a corresponding vote
or redemption right. 

We will initially have until 18 months from the
closing of our IPO to complete an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to complete our initial
business combination within 18 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to complete a business combination
by two additional three-month periods (for a total of up to 24 months from the closing of our IPO to complete a business combination).
Our public stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, any such extension. This feature is
different from some other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any extension of the company s period to complete an initial
business combination would require a vote of our stockholders and in connection with such vote stockholders would have the right to redeem
their public shares. 

Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order
to extend the time available for us to complete our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five
business days advance notice prior to each deadline, must deposit into the trust account an additional 0.10 per share of Class
A common stock then outstanding (in each case, 2,875,000) on or prior to the date of such deadline. In connection with each such additional
deposit, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive an additional 2,875,000 private placement warrants, with the same terms
as the original private placement warrants. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five business days prior to a deadline
of its intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to such deadline.
In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after a deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited.
Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial
business combination. 

30 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues with a particular target business, that
it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target
business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off
assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence
successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent
with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition,
charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing
debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the
breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring
a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination
contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per public share,
or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not
protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may
not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust
account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as
claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets,
including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less
attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential
target businesses that we might pursue. 

31 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed
an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.10 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such
creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement entered into in connection with our IPO, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to
us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time
we will have to complete an initial business combination, and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if
we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will
it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available
for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public
share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. In such event, we may
not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption
of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations
of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period
of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable,
if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, if any, and our sponsor assert that it is unable to satisfy
its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that
our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular
instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account
available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share,
as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. 

32 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims
of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except
to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial
business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of
derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our
stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and
damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to
our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or
bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a
bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to
our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

33 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
 DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions
received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as
applicable) from the closing of our IPO may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with
certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it,
including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which
the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made
to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. 

However, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 18 th month from the closing of our IPO in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280,
Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However,
because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or
prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot
assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend
beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders
upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months
or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be
six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until
after the completion of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on the Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we will, however, be required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the
purposes of electing directors in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu
of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our
stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the completion of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force
us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

34 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities
in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our initial
business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any
specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to
investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders
who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or
sectors which may be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in
any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors
in our IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue
an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would
not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholder who choose to remain stockholders following our
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company
in our target investment area, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines,
and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent
with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses and our strategy is to identify, acquire and build a company in our target investment
area, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have attributes consistent
with our general criteria and guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all
of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria
and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and
guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing
condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may
be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

35 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues,
cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model or with limited historic financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the relevant risk factors and we may not have
adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an
independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price
we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking
firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. 

Past performance by our sponsor and its affiliates, Power
 Digital Infrastructure Acquisition Corp. XPDI I ), XMS, TEP or our management team, including the businesses referred
to herein, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business that we may
acquire. 

Information regarding past performance of our sponsor
and its affiliates, XPDI I, XMS, TEP and our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance
of our sponsor and its affiliates, XPDI I, XMS, TEP, our management team or the other companies referred to herein is not a guarantee
either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (2) of any results
with respect to any initial business combination we may complete. You should not rely on the historical record of our sponsor and its
affiliates, XPDI I, XMS, TEP, our management team s performance or the performance of the other companies referred to herein as
indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment
in us is not an investment in our sponsor or its affiliates, XPDI I, XMS, TEP nor the other companies referred to in this Report. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in
accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or
international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of
potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such
statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

36 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase
the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial
reports and prevent fraud. As described in Part II, Item 9A, management has concluded that, due to the material weakness we have identified
in our internal control over financial reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

We have a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us
and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Management concluded
that there was a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 relating to the accounting for
accrued general and administrative expenses. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent
fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the material weakness. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any
such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that
could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance
with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements,
investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures
we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report
contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred and expect to continue to
incur costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an
initial business combination will be successful. If we are unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete
a business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO then we will cease all
operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution
raise substantial doubt about the our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report
do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial
majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon the consummation of a business combination (such that we are not subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the
agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even
though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of our Class
A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of
the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or
redeem any shares, all shares of our Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead
may search for an alternate business combination. 

37 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or
governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may
not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds,
changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for
cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65 of
our common stock, and amending our public warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants. In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to
redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO or with respect to any other provisions relating
to the rights of holders of Class A common stock. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature
of any of the securities offered in our IPO, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We
cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to complete an initial business
combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment
threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business
combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of our stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by 90 of our stockholders attending and voting at an annual meeting. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances,
and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common
stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account
may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock entitled to
vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees,
if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as converted basis, 20 of our Class A common stock from the closing of our IPO, will
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability
to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their
shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial
business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, unless we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in letter agreements that we have entered into with our
sponsor, directors and each member of our management team. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these
agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any
breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action,
subject to applicable law. 

38 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their
pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our
IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because
we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction.
If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of
our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem
for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek
additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent
that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to
either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in
the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the
liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to
complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per
public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial
business combination, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our initial stockholders and the anchor investors control
a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner
that you do not support. 

Upon closing of our IPO, our initial stockholders
(including our sponsor) owned, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding Class A common stock. There was no underwriting
discount or commission paid on any units the anchor investors purchased in our IPO. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not
hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case
all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual
meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered
for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business
combination. 

39 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that
are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If
we do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the
trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete
our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that
are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned
on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial
business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination
is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. However, we believe the ability
of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision
as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel
will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in
senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be
made at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance
and sale of the securities in our IPO, our sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three
individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and stockholder
rights agreement. 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our
initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited
due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following
the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of
a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

40 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our IPO, we may choose to
incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects,
including: 

default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations 

acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants
that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; 

using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our Class A common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general
corporate purposes; 

limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;
and 

limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements and execution
of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification
may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

Of
the net proceed s from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, 290,375,000 will be available to complete our business
combination and pay related fees and expenses (which excludes up to 10,062,500, after taking into account the deferred underwriting
commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated expense of our IPO). 

41 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our
initial business combi nation with only a single entity, our
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to
diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have
the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased
costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated
with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is
not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

42 

Our initial business combination and our structure thereafter
may not be tax-efficient to our securityholders. 

Although we will attempt to structure our initial
business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and
may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial
business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination in a manner that requires
stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders
or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder
may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a
portion of such holder s shares or warrants. 

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing
to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination with
such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
including any of the following: 

costs
and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements
of overseas markets; 

rules
and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

laws
governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
and trade barriers; 

regulations
related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer
payment cycles; 

tax
issues, including limits on our ability to change our tax residence from the United States, complex withholding or other tax regimes
which may apply in connection with our business combination or to our structure following our business combination, variations in tax
laws as compared to the United States, and potential changes in the applicable tax laws in the United States and/or relevant non-U.S.
jurisdictions; 

currency
fluctuations and exchange controls; 

43 

rates
of inflation; 

challenges
in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
and language differences; 

employment
regulations; 

underdeveloped
or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection
of intellectual property; 

social
unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist
attacks, natural disasters and wars such as the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia; 

deterioration
of political relations with the United States; and 

government
appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy,
capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against
Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. 

United States and global markets are experiencing
volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022.
In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern
Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive
actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the
Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have
also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other
negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine
and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target business with which we ultimately
consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market
disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period
of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect
of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our
securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular business combination.
If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business
combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected. 

44 

If we effect a business combination with a target company
organized in another jurisdiction, we may take actions in connection with the business combination that could have adverse tax consequences. 

We may effect a business combination with a target
company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate
in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a stockholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which
the stockholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which
the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to our initial business combination,
such tax liability may attach prior to the completion of redemptions of any of our public shares properly submitted to us for redemption
in connection with such business combination. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders
or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Furthermore, we may effect a business combination
with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States and, possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions.
If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number
of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations
and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by taxing authorities. This additional
complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, our public stockholders may be forced to wait
beyond such 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) before redemption from our trust account. 

If we have not completed an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to
 100,000 of the interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described
herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute
such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution
must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 18 months (or 21 months or
24 months, as applicable) from the closing of our IPO before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and
they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in
cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A common stock. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders
be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination. 

Holders of our Class A common stock will not be entitled
to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors. Holders of our public shares will not be
entitled to vote on the appointment of our directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination,
holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have
any say in the management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. 

45 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make
it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market
price of the shares of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the issuance and sale of the securities in our IPO, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares
of our Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class
A common stock issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares
and the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more
costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that
is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of
warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, or their permitted transferees are registered. 

We may seek business combination opportunities with a high
degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve
our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that
we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control
or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of
directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination.
In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business
combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors
and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors. 

46 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to complete an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

47 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their
time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This
conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business
endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, an affiliate of our sponsor and our officers and directors participated
in the formation and management of XPDI I, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial business combination with
Core Scientific Holding Co. Core Scientific in January 2022. In addition, our directors and officers and their and our
sponsor s respective affiliates may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period
in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our
independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors 
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them
in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including or one or more other blank check
companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. 

Until we complete our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including one
or more other blank check companies, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor
and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties
under Delaware law. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial
business combination. 

In addition, our directors and officers and our
sponsor or its affiliates may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that
are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank
check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Delaware law.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us, including the formation or participation in one or more other blank check companies. Accordingly,
such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

48 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights.
However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing
holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our directors and officers and
our sponsor or its affiliates may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which
we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor,
including any of its affiliates, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial
business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business
combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any
affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination
as set forth in the section of this Report entitled Item 1-Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement
to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our
company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the
terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, anchor investors, executive officers
and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to
public shares they may acquire during or after our IPO), and because our sponsor, executive officers and directors who have an interest
in founder shares may profit substantially from a business combination even under circumstances where our public stockholders would experience
losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In March 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000,
or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock.
In November 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate
of 7,187,500 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding. We have agreed to sell to the anchor investors 1,078,125 founder shares and
the anchor investors have agreed to purchase from us on the date of the initial business combination an aggregate of 1,078,125 founder
shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 3,750, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our sponsor has also agreed that in
the event of such purchase by the anchor investors, our sponsor will forfeit to us for no consideration a number of founder shares equal
to the number of founder shares purchased by the anchor investors. In July 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 shares of Class B common
stock to each of the four independent director nominees, a total of 120,000 shares of Class B common stock. In November 2021, our sponsor
repurchased 30,000 shares of Class B common stock from a former independent director nominee. Prior to the initial investment in the company
of 25,000 by our sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based
on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our IPO. The founder shares will be worthless
if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and the anchor investors purchased an aggregate of 11,125,000
private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price
of approximately 11,125,000, or 1.00 per whole warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Among
the private placement warrants, 8,900,000 private placement warrants were purchased by our sponsor and an aggregate of 2,225,000 private
placement warrants were purchased by the anchor investors. Our initial stockholders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in
favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a
proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director,
and we may pay our sponsor, officers, directors and any of their respective affiliates fees and expenses in connection with identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination. Additionally, in the event that the anchor investors purchase units (either
in our IPO or after) and vote them in favor of our initial business combination, it is possible that no votes from other public stockholders
would be required to approve our initial business combination, depending on the number of shares that are present at the meeting to approve
such transaction. As a result of the founder shares and private placement warrants that our anchor investors may hold (directly or indirectly),
they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other public stockholders. 

49 

The personal and financial interests of our executive
officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination and may result in a misalignment
of interests between the holders of our founder shares and our officers and directors, on the one hand, and our public stockholders, on
the other. In particular, because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.004 per share, the holders of our founder shares
(including members of our management team that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial
business combination even if our public stockholders lose money on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination
value of their shares of Class A common stock (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction
contemplated by the business combination). For example, a holder of 1,000 founder shares would have paid approximately 4.00 to obtain
such shares. At the time of an initial business combination, such holder would be able to convert such founder shares into 1,000 shares
of our Class A common stock, and would receive the same consideration in connection with our initial business combination as a public
stockholder for the same number of shares of our Class A common stock. If the value of the shares of our Class A common stock on a post-combination
basis (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination)
were to decrease to 5.00 per share of our Class A common stock, the holder of our founder shares would obtain a profit of approximately
 4,996 on account of the 1,000 founder shares that the holder had converted into shares of Class A common stock in connection with the
initial business combination. By contrast, a public stockholder holding 1,000 shares of Class A common stock would lose approximately
 5,000 in connection with the same transaction. 

Further, each of our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers
and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess
the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not
meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares of our Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares of our Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our
issued and outstanding Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition,
we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
as an investment company; 

adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
recor d keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

50 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other
than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or
trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the
post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from
their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our principal activities
will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other
securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring
and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity
fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. An investment
in our securities is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities.
The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (a) the completion of our initial
business combination; (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
its initial business combination or to redeem 100 of the Class A common stock if the company has not consummated an initial business
combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of the initial public offering or (ii) with respect
to any other provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial
business combination activity; or (c) absent our completing an initial business combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months,
as applicable) from the closing of our IPO, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our
redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment
Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would
require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we
do not complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the
trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

51 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies
and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted,
whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial
business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of shares by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased, and thus could cause a reduction in the value of our Class A common stock.
The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However,
for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new shares
issuances against the fair market value of shares repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the
excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other
guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination, the exercise of a redemption right, the liquidation of our company,
or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a
business combination, the exercise of a redemption right, the liquidation of our company, or otherwise will depend on a number of factors,
including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination or otherwise, (ii)
the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection
with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same taxable year
of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax
would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined.
The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in our ability to complete
a business combination. Further, the application of the excise tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without
our prior consent (the excess shares ). However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all
of their shares (including excess shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the excess shares
will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your
investment in us if you sell excess shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with
respect to the excess shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

52 

The securities in which we invest the funds held
in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable,
if we extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. The proceeds held in the trust account will
be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term
U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in
recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the
Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event
that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any
interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000
of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received
by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per public share, or 10.20 or 10.30 per public share, as applicable, if we extend the
period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination. 

The Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its
exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are
currently listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol XPDBU , XPDB and XPDBW , respectively. Although
we expect to continue to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards,
we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination.
In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum stockholders equity (generally 2,000,000) and a minimum
number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). 

Additionally, our units will not be traded after
completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate
compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order
to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. 

For instance, our share price would generally be
required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and
we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities, with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding
securities with a market value of at least 2,500. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from
trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
liquidity for our securities; 

53 

a
determination that our Class A common stock are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common
stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
our securities; 

a
limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and public warrants are listed on the Nasdaq, our units,
Class A common stock and public warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute, and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities. 

We may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock
or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue shares of our Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 shares of our
Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 471,250,000
and 42,812,500 authorized but unissued shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance
which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion
of the Class B common stock, if any. The Class B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our
initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. There are currently no
shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of our Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A common stock to redeem the warrants upon conversion
of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or
on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common
stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may
significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors; 

may
subordinate the rights of holders of our Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded
our Class A common stock; 

54 

could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things,
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; 

may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or public warrants; and 

will
not resul t in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless
we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A common stock or certain other exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the Class A common stock upon
the exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws, warrant holders will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. 

We do not plan on keeping a prospectus current
until required pursuant to the warrant agreements. Under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed to use our commercially reasonable
efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of
the warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent
a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated
by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If the shares of our Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, in which case the number of shares of our Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will
be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (a) the number of shares of our Class A common stock underlying the warrants
and (b) the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) such fair market value. The fair
market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days
ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

However, no such warrant will be exercisable for
cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the
issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder,
unless an exemption from state registration is available. 

Notwithstanding the above, if the shares of our
Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies
the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders
of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required
to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange
for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or
applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. 

If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of
the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as
part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of our Class A common stock included in
the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise
their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the warrants included as part of units sold in our IPO. In
such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to
sell the common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and
sell the underlying common stock. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement
warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the warrants included as part of units
sold in our IPO. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers)
would be able to sell the shares of common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the underlying shares of common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

55 

Our public warrant agreement designates the courts of the
State of or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our public warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our public warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the public warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the public warrant agreements will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our public warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum
provisions in our public warrant agreement. 

If any action, the subject matter of which is within
the scope of the forum provisions of the public warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our
public warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant
holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Warrant holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional
costs in pursuit of actions which are subject to our choice-of-forum provision. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision
of our public warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and
board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired public warrants prior to their
exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your public warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things,
the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock has been at least 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading
day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (as adjusted for adjustments to the
number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant). If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us,
we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding public warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your public warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your public warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your public warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time
the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your public
warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, the anchor investors
or their respective permitted transferees. 

56 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of the shares of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We have issued public warrants to purchase 14,375,000
shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued
in a private placement an aggregate of 11,125,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common
stock at 11.50 per share. Our sponsor currently owns an aggregate of 7,097,500 founder shares and our independent directors own 90,000
founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth
herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at
the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

To the extent we issue Class A common stock for
any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares
of our Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle
to a target business. Such warrants when exercised will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock
and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit sold in our IPO contains one-half of
one public warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit sold in our IPO contains one-half of
one public warrant. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and
only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of our Class A common stock to be issued
to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant
to purchase one share of common stock. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect
of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the
number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a public
warrant to purchase one whole share. 

Our ability to require holders of our public warrants to
exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis after we call the public warrants for redemption or if there is no effective registration
statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these public warrants will cause holders to receive fewer shares
of our Class A common stock upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their
public warrants for cash. 

If our shares of Class A common stock are at the
time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that our shares of Class A common stock satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
and, in the event we elect to do so, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
 Cashless exercise means each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering warrants in exchange for a number of shares
of our Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (a) the number of shares of our Class A common
stock underlying the warrants and (b) the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y)
such fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the shares of our Class
A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the
warrant agent. 

57 

In addition, if a post-effective amendment or a
new registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified
period following the completion of our initial business transaction, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis. For purposes of calculating the number of shares issuable upon such cashless exercise, the fair market value of warrants
shall be calculated using the volume weighted average sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading
day prior to the date on which notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

If we choose to require holders to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis, which we may do at our sole discretion, or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration
statement, the number of shares of our Class A common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had
such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through
a cashless exercise when the Class A common stock have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective
registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares of our Class A common stock. The holder would
have received 875 shares of our Class A common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the
potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of
shares of our Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for
a security other than the Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A common
stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the public warrant agreement, you may receive
a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreements, the surviving company will
be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business
days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

We may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner
that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class
A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our public warrants were in registered form under
a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity
or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreements to the description of the terms of the warrants
and the warrant agreement set forth in our IPO prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends
on common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement, or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and
that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants in any material respect. All other
modifications or amendments shall require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants.
Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase
the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A common
stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

58 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares
of our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
provisions include a classified board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series
of preferred stock, advance notice provisions for any stockholder proposals or director nominations, and the fact that prior to the completion
of our initial business combination only holders of shares of our Class B common stock, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled
to vote on the appointment of our directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more
difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or
our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision
of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim
against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an
indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal
jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction.
If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent
it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or
liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the
United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. However, there is uncertainty as to whether a
court would enforce the exclusive forum provisions relating to causes of actions arising under the Securities Act. 

59 

Whether a redemption of Class A common stock will be treated
as a sale of such Class A common stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes will depend on a stockholder s specific facts. 

The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a redemption
of Class A common stock will depend on whether the redemption qualifies as a sale of such Class A common stock under Section 302(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), which will depend largely on the total number of shares of our
stock treated as held by the stockholder electing to redeem Class A common stock (including any shares of stock constructively owned by
the holder as a result of owning private placement warrants or public warrants or otherwise) relative to all of the shares of our stock
outstanding both before and after the redemption. If such redemption is not treated as a sale of Class A common stock for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, the redemption will instead be treated as a corporate distribution of cash from us. 

General Risks 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result
in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts
from Russia, could result in increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect
against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the Market Value of our Class A common stock
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700.0 million as of any June 30 th before that time, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

60 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that
fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison
of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

We would be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income
tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (a PHC for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. 

A U.S. corporation generally will be classified
as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five
or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities
such as certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive
ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary
gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among
other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). 

Depending on the date and size of our initial business
combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition,
depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax exempt organizations,
pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive
ownership rules) by five or fewer individuals during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not
become a PHC in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently
20 , on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

61 

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the
right to vote on the appointment of our directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

After the completion of our IPO, only holders
of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of our directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company
of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by a n individual,
group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements,
including the requirements that: 

we
have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq; 

we
have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we
have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject
to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the
same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our executive offices are located at 321 North
Clark Street, Suite 2440, Chicago, IL 60654, and our telephone number is (312) 262-5642. We maintain a corporate website at www.xpdispac.com .
The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this
Report. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are party to litigation and
subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As our growth continues, we may become party to an increasing number of
litigation matters and claims. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters
could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings
that, in the opinion of management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

62 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information and Holders 

Our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants
are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols XPDBU , XPDB and XPDBW respectively. Our units commenced
public trading on December 10, 2021. Our shares of Class A common stock and warrants began separate trading on January 31, 2022. 

On December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record
of our Units, four holders of record of our common stock and one holder of record of our public warrants. We believe a substantially greater
number of beneficial owners hold shares of Class A common stock or public warrants through brokers, banks or other nominees. 

Dividends 

The company has not paid dividends on its common
stock to date and does not intend to pay cash dividends. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon revenues and
earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of
our board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business
operations and, accordingly, the board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Use of Proceeds
from Registered Offerings. 

In March 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover for
certain offering costs on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock. In November 2021, we
effected a stock dividend of 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate of 7,187,500 shares of
our Class B common stock outstanding. We have agreed to sell to the anchor investors 1,078,125 founder shares, and the anchor investors
agreed to purchase from our sponsor on the date of the initial business combination an aggregate of 1,078,125 founder shares for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately 3,750, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our sponsor has also agreed that in the event of such purchase
by the anchor investors, our sponsor will forfeit to us for no consideration a number of founder shares equal to the number of founder
shares purchased by the anchor investors. 

In July 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 shares
of Class B common stock to each of the four independent director nominees, a total of 120,000 shares of Class B common stock. In November
2021, our sponsor repurchased 30,000 shares of Class B common stock from a former independent director nominee. 

63 

On December 14, 2021 the company consummated its
IPO of 28,750,000 units, which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 3,750,000 units at the
initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant
(the public warrants ), each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 287,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and
the issuance and sale of the units, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 11,125,000 private placement warrants at a price
of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of 11,125,000. The purchase price of the private placement warrants
was added to the net proceeds of our initial public offering and placed in the trust account such that the trust account held 290,375,000
at the time of closing of our initial public offering. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one
(1) share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes
related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth
under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1.A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject
to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or
contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

64 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on March 23, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject
to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our sponsor is XPDI Sponsor II LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company. The registration statement for our IPO was declared effective on December 9, 2021. On December 14, 2021, we
consummated our IPO of 28,750,000 units, which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 3,750,000
units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments (the over-allotment units ), at 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 287.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 20.7 million, of which approximately 10.1 million was
for deferred underwriting fees. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, we
completed the private placement (the private placement of 11,125,000 private placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per
private placement warrant to our sponsor and anchor investors, generating proceeds of approximately 11.1 million. 

Upon the closing of the IPO and the private placement on December 14,
2021, approximately 290.4 million 10.10 per unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO, including proceeds from
the sale of the Over-Allotment Units and certain of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, were deposited into
a segregated trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee and approximately 1.7 million of such net proceeds were deposited in our operating account to pay expenses
in connection with the closing of the IPO and for working capital following the IPO. The proceeds held in the Trust Account have been
invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended
(the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account
as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of private placement warrants, although substantially all of the
net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will
be able to complete an initial Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an
aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working
capital purposes and excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete an initial Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

65 

We will have until 18 months from the closing of
the IPO, or June 14, 2023, to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if we anticipate that it may not be able to complete
the initial Business Combination within 18 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time we will have to complete
an initial Business Combination by up to two additional three-month periods (for a total of up to 24 months from the closing of the IPO
to complete an initial Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees contributing, for each such three-month
extension, 0.10 per share of Class A common stock to the Trust Account (or approximately 2.9 million in the aggregate). In connection
with each such additional deposit, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive an additional 2,875,000 private placement warrants,
with the same terms as the original private placement warrants. The Public Stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their
shares in connection with, any such extension. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs to date have been satisfied
through a capital contribution of 25,000 from our sponsor to purchase our Class B common stock (the founder shares ), the
related party loan under a promissory note of approximately 115,000 from, our sponsor, which was repaid in full on December 17, 2021,
and the net proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial Business Combination, our officers, directors and initial stockholders may, but are not obligated
to, provide working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB s Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management
has determined that the liquidity needs, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these financial statements. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after June 14, 2023. The financial
statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company
intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date, as it may be extended. Over this time period, the Company
will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial
Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

The Company cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the issuance date of these financial statements. These financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We continue to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the Company and have concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial
position, results of the Company s operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

66 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus
commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have
instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on
the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other
share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension
vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any
 PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business
Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance
from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required
payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a
Business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. Further, the application of the excise tax in the event of
a liquidation is uncertain. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since inception up to December
31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the IPO, and since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective initial
Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate
non-operating income in the form of investment income from the trust account. We will continue to incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately
 2.0 million, which consisted of approximately 4.2 million of income from investments held in the trust account, partially offset by
approximately 1.3 million in operating expenses and approximately 802,000 in income tax expenses. Operating expenses were comprised
of approximately 888,000 of general and administrative expenses, 240,000 of general and administrative expenses - related party, and
 215,000 of franchise tax expense. 

For the period from March 23, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 544,000, which consisted of approximately 392,000 in general and administrative
expenses and approximately 152,000 in franchise tax expense, partially offset by approximately 900 in income from investments held in
the trust account. 

67 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of founder shares, private placement
warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any (and any shares of common stock issuable upon
the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of
the founder shares), were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to the consummation
of the IPO. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration rights
agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective
until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per unit on all units sold in the IPO, except for the units purchased by the anchor investors, or approximately 5.3
million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the IPO. 

The underwriter received an additional fee of 0.35
per unit, or approximately 10.1 million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete
an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Administrative Support Services 

Commencing on December 9, 2021, we have agreed
to pay affiliates of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space and administrative support services. Upon completion of
our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. In connection with our initial business
combination, we may potentially make a cash payment to affiliates of our sponsor or anchor investor for any financial advisory, placement
agency or other similar investment banking or consulting services that affiliates of our sponsor or anchor investor may provide to us
in connection with our initial business combination, and may reimburse to affiliates of our sponsor or anchor investor for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by it in connection with the performance of such services. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. Management evaluates all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase
warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to Financial
Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s
Own Stock ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be classified
as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

The warrants issued in the IPO public warrants and the
private placement warrants are not precluded from equity classification, based on the guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815. Equity-classified
contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the
contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

68 

Class A common shares subject to possible redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified
as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including Class A common stock
that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock is classified as stockholders 
equity. Our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the
occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, all of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock is presented at redemption value
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. 

Under ASC 480, we have elected to recognize changes
in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end
of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date of the security.
Effective with the closing of the IPO, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges
against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net income (loss) per common shares 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A common stock
and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net loss per common share is calculated
by dividing the net loss by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) does
not consider the effect of the public warrants and the private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 25,500,000 shares of Class
A common stock in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their
inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic
net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates
fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging -
Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own
Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required
under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the
derivative scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on March
23, 2021 (inception). Adoption of the ASU did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our management does not believe that there are
any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our balance
sheets. 

69 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
or the JOBS Act, contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We
qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non- emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory
audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements
(auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive
compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply
for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever
is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

70 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of December 31, 2022, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act) were not effective due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting due solely to the overstatement of
the Company s legal expenses, which are classified in general and administrative expenses, by 87,187 and the overstatement of accounts
payable by the same amount. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that the Company's
internal control around the accounting for accrued general and administrative expenses was not effectively designed or maintained. This
material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s interim financial statements for the quarters ended June 30, 2022
and September 30, 2022. Additionally, this material weakness could result in a misstatement of the carrying value of accounts payable
or accrued expenses and the reported amount of general and administrative expenses in the financial statements that would not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. As a result, our management performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted principles in the United States of America. Accordingly, management believes
that the financial statements included in this Annual Report present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial position,
result of operations and cash flows of the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; 

2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022,
for the reasons described above. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the
JOBS Act. 

71 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting
except for the below. 

We have performed additional accounting and financial analyses and
other post-closing procedures related to the accounting for accrued general and administrative expenses. To address the material weakness
described above, management has devoted, and plans to continue to devote, significant effort to improve the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. While the Company has processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, management
plans to enhance these processes to better evaluate its accrued costs with vendors. The Company plans to include providing enhanced review
and increased communication among its personnel, third-party professionals and vendors. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Theodore J. Brombach 
 
 60 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Patrick C. Eilers 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 James P. Nygaard, Jr. 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Paul Dabbar 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Paul Gaynor 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott Widham 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 John B. Sexton 
 
 27 
 
 Vice President 
 
 John P. McGarrity 
 
 61 
 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

Theodore J. Brombach serves as Chairman
of our board of directors. Mr. Brombach is a founding partner of XMS Capital Partners, LLC and serves as the firm s Co-Managing
Partner and has served in such role since 2006. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of XA Investments LLC, an alternative asset management
firm he co-founded in 2016. Mr. Brombach is the President and Chief Executive Officer and a Trustee of XAI Octagon Floating Rate 
Alternative Income Term Trust (NYSE: XFLT), a closed end fund investing in alternative credit investments, and has served in such role
since 2017. He has over 30 years of investment banking experience in Chicago, New York and London. Mr. Brombach served as the Chairman
of XPDI I from December 2020 until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific in January 2022. Prior to founding XMS Capital, Mr.
Brombach was a Managing Director and co-head of Midwest Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley, which he joined in 1990. At XMS Capital,
he has led numerous M A and capital raising transactions across a number of industry sectors. Mr. Brombach is a director of RiverWood
Bank. Mr. Brombach earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Notre Dame and a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg
Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University. 

Mr. Brombach s qualifications to serve on
our board of directors include his extensive executive, director and leadership experience, including over 30 years in investment banking
experience. 

72 

Patrick C. Eilers serves as our Chief
Executive Officer and is a member of our board of directors. Mr. Eilers is the founder and has served since 2019 as the Managing Partner
of TEP, a private equity firm focused on the energy power transition, in particular its impact on the electrical grid, with an expertise
in (i) renewable energy, (ii) energy storage, technology, equipment services, and (iii) transitional energy infrastructure. Mr.
Eilers has over 20 years of investment experience focused on the energy power transition. Mr. Eilers served as Chief Executive Officer
and Director of XPDI I from December 2020 until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific in January 2022. Prior to founding TEP,
Mr. Eilers was a Managing Director on the BlackRock Infrastructure Platform, where he also served as an Investment Committee member for
BlackRock s Global Renewable Power Fund, Global Energy Power Infrastructure Fund, and Chaired the Energy Power Private
Equity Fund. Prior to joining BlackRock in 2016, he also worked at Madison Dearborn Partners overseeing the firm s energy, power,
and chemicals practices for 10 years. Mr. Eilers earned a Bachelor of Science in Biology and Mechanical Engineering from the University
of Notre Dame and a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. 

Mr. Eilers qualifications to serve on our
board of directors include his extensive executive, director and leadership experience in private equity and investment banking, including
extensive knowledge relating to the power generation, power infrastructure, transmission, and battery storage industries. 

James P. Nygaard, Jr. serves as our
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Nygaard is a Managing Director of XMS Capital Partners, LLC and is responsible for leading M A execution
activities at the firm. With 25 years of investment banking experience, he has completed several strategic transactions, financings, and
corporate finance advisory assignments for a diverse range of clients across a variety of industry sectors. Mr. Nygaard served as Chief
Financial Officer of XPDI I from December 2020 until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific in January 2022. Prior to joining
XMS Capital at the end of 2007, Mr. Nygaard spent 12 years in the Investment Banking Division of Morgan Stanley where he assumed various
roles within the corporate finance, M A and administrative practices of the firm. While at Morgan Stanley, Mr. Nygaard led coverage
and strategic execution efforts for a number of Midwest-based companies, including 3M, Anheuser-Busch, ConAgra Brands, Ford Motor Company,
and General Mills. 

Mr. Nygaard graduated summa cum laude from the
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, where he was valedictorian of his department and received
Bronze Tablet Honors, the university s highest academic distinction. 

Paul Dabbar serves on our board of
directors. Mr. Dabbar is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Bohr Quantum Technology Corp, a quantum communications
company, and has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2021. Mr. Dabbar served on the board of directors of XPDI I from February 2021
until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific in January 2022. Prior to Bohr Quantum, Mr. Dabbar served as Under Secretary for
Science at the U.S. Department of Energy from 2017 to 2021, managing the operations of, and investing capital at the seventeen U.S. National
Laboratories, conducting research and development in energy, technology and the sciences. Mr. Dabbar was previously a Managing Director
in investment banking at J.P. Morgan Chase Co., in energy and mergers acquisitions from 1996 to 2017. Mr. Dabbar was also
previously a nuclear submarine officer in the U.S. Navy. Mr. Dabbar earned a Bachelor of Science from the U.S. Naval Academy and an MBA
from Columbia University. 

Mr. Dabbar s qualifications to serve on our
board of directors include his extensive leadership experience in the communications and energy industry. 

73 

Paul Gaynor serves on our board of
directors. Mr. Gaynor is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Longroad Energy, a renewable energy company. Mr. Gaynor served on the
board of directors of XPDI I from February 2021 until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific in January 2022. Prior to co-founding
Longroad Energy, Mr. Gaynor served as CEO of First Wind, which he founded in 2004. Mr. Gaynor has also held various roles within Singapore
Power, PSG International, GE Capital, and GE Power Systems. Mr. Gaynor earned a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Worcester
Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from University of Chicago. 

Mr. Gaynor s qualifications to serve on our
board of directors include his extensive executive and leadership experience in the power generation and power infrastructure industries. 

Scott Widham serves on our board
of directors. Mr. Widham brings over 30 years of broad-based management and operations experience in the digital transformation and telecommunications
industry. Mr. Widham is currently Chairman of Ezee Fiber, providing telecom services to government, enterprise, carrier and residences
in Texas. Mr. Widham served on the board of directors of XPDII from February 2021 until the completion of its merger with Core Scientific
in January 2022. Previously, he served as President of Never fail from 2018 to 2019, CEO of Alpheus Communications from 2011 to 2017 and,
prior to Alpheus, as CEO of Cobridge Communications, Broadwing Communications, and Capital Cable. Mr. Widham also served as EVP of Corecomm
and was a Director at MTV Networks. Mr. Widham earned a B.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin. 

Mr. Widham s qualifications to serve on our
board of directors include his over 30 years of executive, financial and leadership experience in the telecommunications industry. 

John B. Sexton serves on our management
team as a Vice President. Mr. Sexton is a Vice President for TEP where he focuses on control, and growth equity investments in companies
making North America s power and energy systems increasingly sustainable and smart. Prior to joining TEP in 2021, Mr. Sexton served
as an Associate with Marathon Capital s investment banking division where he served since 2018, working across M A transactions
and tax equity financings in the renewables, carbon capture and energy services sectors. Mr. Sexton earned his Bachelor of Business Administration
in Finance in 2018, while minoring in Sustainability at the University of Notre Dame. 

John P. McGarrity serves on our management
team as General Counsel and Secretary. Mr. McGarrity is managing director and chief administrative officer for XMS Capital Partners, LLC
and general counsel of XMS Holdings LLC. Mr. McGarrity has over 30 years of experience in legal and product development positions, primarily
in the financial services industry. Prior to joining XMS, and its asset management affiliate XA Investments LLC, in 2016, Mr. McGarrity
was managing director and general counsel of River Branch Holdings, a boutique international merchant bank that was acquired by Piper
Jaffray. Mr. McGarrity is the former executive vice president and head of product development for Man Investments, Inc., the North American
subsidiary of Man Group PLC. Previously, Mr. McGarrity served as a director on the capital markets desk at Bank One, N.A. Prior to that,
he was the Associate General Counsel and Secretary of Unicom Corporation, which merged with PECO Energy Company to become Exelon Corporation.
Mr. McGarrity began his career at Sidley Austin LLP, where he was a partner in its corporate and securities group. Mr. McGarrity earned
his B.B.A., cum laude, in finance and philosophy at the University of Notre Dame. He earned his J.D., magna cum laude, at the University
of Illinois College of Law, where he was an editor of the University of Illinois Law Review. 

74 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not
required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office
of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Gaynor, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Dabbar and Mr. Widham, will expire at our second annual meeting of the stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Brombach and Mr. Eilers, will expire at our third annual meeting
of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business combination. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In
addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with the IPO, our sponsor, upon completion of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election
to our board of directors, as long as our sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and stockholders rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief
executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined
by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined
generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company
(either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors
has determined that Mr. Dabbar, Mr. Gaynor and Mr. Widham are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on December 9, 2021, we have agreed to reimburse affiliates of
our sponsor for office space and administrative support services provided to us in the amount of 20,000 per month. Furthermore, in connection
with our initial business combination, we may potentially make a cash payment to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any
financial advisory, placement agency or other similar investment banking or consulting services that XMS Capital, TEP or their respective
affiliates may provide to us in connection with our initial business combination, and may reimburse to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective
affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it in connection with the performance of such services. In addition, our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place
governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and completing an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

75 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that
provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees:
an audit committee, a compensation committee and a corporate governance and nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the board
of directors. Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham and Mr. Dabbar serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that
each of Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham and Mr. Dabbar are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Gaynor
serves as the chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has
determined that Mr. Gaynor qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the primary functions of the audit committee, including: 

appointing, compensating and overseeing our independent registered
public accounting firm 

reviewing and approving the annual audit plan for the company 

overseeing the integrity of our financial statements and our
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements 

discussing the annual audited financial statements and unaudited
quarterly financial statements with management and the independent registered public accounting firm 

76 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services
to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public
accounting firm 

monitoring our environmental sustainability and governance
practices 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our
financial statements or accounting policies 

discussing earnings press releases and financial information
provided to analysts and rating agencies 

discussing with management our policies and practices with
respect to risk assessment and risk management 

reviewing any material transaction between our Chief Financial
Officer that has been approved in accordance with our Code of Ethics for our officers, and providing prior written approval of any material
transaction between us and our Chief Executive Officer and 

producing an annual report for inclusion in our proxy statement,
in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The audit committee is a separately designated
standing committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham, and Mr. Dabbar, and Mr. Widham serves as
chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation
committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham, and Mr.
Dabbar are independent. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the primary functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant
to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation (if any), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of
those goals and objectives, and setting our Chief Executive Officer s compensation level (if any) based on this evaluation 

setting salaries and approving incentive compensation and
equity awards, as well as compensation policies, for all other officers who file reports of their ownership, and changes in ownership,
of the company s common stock under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act (the Section 16 Officers ), as designated by
our board of directors 

making recommendations to the board with respect to incentive
compensation programs and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval 

approving any employment or severance agreements with our
Section 16 Officers 

granting any awards under equity compensation plans and annual
bonus plans to our Chief Executive Officer and the Section 16 Officers 

77 

approving the compensation of our directors and 

producing an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion
in our proxy statement, in accordance with applicable rules and regulations. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its
sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. 

However, before engaging or receiving advice from
a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each
such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 

We have established a corporate governance and
nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our corporate governance and nominating committee are Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham,
and Mr. Dabbar, and Mr. Dabbar serves as chairman of the corporate governance and nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards,
we are required to have a corporate governance and nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Mr. Gaynor, Mr. Widham, and Mr. Dabbar are independent. 

We have adopted a corporate governance and nominating
committee charter, which details the primary functions of the corporate governance and nominating committee, including: 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the
board of directors and making recommendations to the board of directors regarding nominees for election 

reviewing the independence of each director and making a recommendation
to the board of directors with respect to each director s independence 

developing and recommending to the board of directors the
corporate governance principles applicable to us and reviewing our corporate governance guidelines at least annually 

making recommendations to the board of directors with respect
to the membership of the audit, compensation and corporate governance and nominating committees 

overseeing the evaluation of the performance of the board
of directors and its committees on a continuing basis, including an annual self-evaluation of the performance of the corporate governance
and nominating committee 

considering the adequacy of our governance structures and
policies, including as they relate to our environmental sustainability and governance practices 

considering director nominees recommended by stockholders 
and 

reviewing our overall corporate governance and reporting to
the board of directors on its findings and any recommendations. 

78 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are
specified in the corporate governance and nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should possess personal qualities and characteristics, accomplishments
and reputation in the business community 

should have current knowledge and contacts in the communities
in which we do business and in our industry or other industries relevant to our business 

should have the ability and willingness to commit adequate
time to the board of directors and committee matters 

should demonstrate ability and willingness to commit adequate
time to the board of directors and committee matters 

should possess the fit of the individual s skills and
personality with those of other directors and potential directors in building a board of directors that is effective, collegial and responsive
to our needs and 

should demonstrate diversity of viewpoints, background, experience,
and other demographics, and all aspects of diversity in order to enable the board to perform its duties and responsibilities effectively,
including candidates with a diversity of age, gender, nationality, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 

Each year in connection with the nomination of
candidates for election to the board of directors, the corporate governance and nominating committee will evaluate the background of each
candidate, including candidates that may be submitted by our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request to our principal
executive offices. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of
business and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for
the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including one or more
other blank check companies, or other entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will
be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if our sponsor, its affiliates or our officers
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, including one or more other blank check companies, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We
do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our
ability to complete our initial business combination. 

79 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which
our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Theodore J. Brombach 
 
 XMS Capital Partners, LLC 
 XA Investments LLC 
 XAI Octagon Floating Rate 
 Alternative Income Term Trust 
 RiverWood Bank 
 
 Investment Banking 
 Financial Services 
 Financial Services 
 Banking 
 
 Founder/Partner Chief Executive Officer President, Chief Executive Officer and Trustee 
 Director 

Patrick C. Eilers 
 
 Transition Energy Partners, LLC 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Managing Partner 

James P. Nygaard, Jr. 
 
 XMS Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Investment Banking 
 
 Managing Director 

Paul Dabbar 
 
 Bohr Quantum Technology Corp. 
 
 Communications 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Paul Gaynor 
 
 Longroad Energy 
 
 Energy 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Scott Widham 
 
 Widham Capital Investment 
 
 Management 
 
 President 

John B. Sexton 
 
 Transition Energy Partners, LLC 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Vice President 

John P. McGarrity 
 
 XMS Capital Partners, LLC 
 
 Investment Banking 
 
 Managing Director and Chief Administrative Officer 

XMS Holdings LLC 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 General Counsel 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged in several other business
endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute
any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date
of the IPO and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. 

80 

Our sponsor, directors, each other member of our management
team and the anchor investors have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and
(ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business combination
within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as applicable) from the closing of the IPO. Additionally, our initial stockholders and the
anchor investors have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial stockholders
and the anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after
the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to completion of our initial business combination, (x) the date
on which the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for
cash, securities or other property. The private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of
our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own common stock or warrants directly or
indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors or making the acquisition
through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our
initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent
accounting firm, that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or
any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for
any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on December 9,
2021, we have agreed to reimburse affiliates of our sponsor for office space and administrative support services provided to us in the
amount of 20,000 per month. In addition, in connection with our initial business combination, we may potentially make a cash payment
to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any financial advisory, placement agency or other similar investment banking or
consulting services that XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates may provide to us in connection with our initial business combination,
and may reimburse to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it in connection with
the performance of such services. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their
founder shares, and our sponsor, directors and each member of our management team have agreed to vote any shares purchased during or after
the offering, in favor of our initial business combination. 

81 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not
be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated
their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful
payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as
directors. 

We have entered into agreements with our officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our amended and restated bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for
any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. 

We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors
have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to
us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from
the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied
by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we complete an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on December 9, 2021, we have agreed to reimburse affiliates of
our sponsor for office space and administrative support services provided to us in the amount of 20,000 per month. Furthermore, in connection
with our initial business combination, we may potentially make a cash payment to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any
financial advisory, placement agency or other similar investment banking or consulting services that XMS Capital, TEP or their respective
affiliates may provide to us in connection with our initial business combination, and may reimburse to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective
affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by it in connection with the performance of such services. In addition, our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place
governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and completing an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

82 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the postcombination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the completion of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that
provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, based on information obtained from the persons named below, with
respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than 5 of our outstanding shares of our common stock 

each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees
that beneficially owns shares of our common stock and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

83 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 28,750,000 shares of Class A common stock (which includes shares of Class A common stock that are underlying the units) and 7,187,500
shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The table below does not include the shares of Class A common stock
underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Number of 
 shares of 
 Class A 
 common stock 
 beneficially 
 owned (2) 
 Number of 
 shares of 
 Class B 
 common stock 
 beneficially 
 owned 
 Approximate 
 percentage of 
 outstanding 
 common stock 
 Approximate 
 percentage 
 of class 
 
 XPDI Sponsor II LLC (1) 
 - 
 7,097,500 
 19.7 
 99.0 
 
 Theodore J. Brombach (2) 
 - 
 7,097,500 
 19.7 
 99.0 
 
 Patrick C. Eilers (3) 
 - 
 7,097,500 
 19.7 
 99.0 
 
 James P. Nygaard, Jr. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 John B. Sexton 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 John P. McGarrity 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Paul Dabbar 
 - 
 30,000 

Paul Gaynor 
 - 
 30,000 

Scott Widham 
 - 
 30,000 

All officers and directors as a group (9 individuals) 
 - 
 7,187,500 
 20 
 100 

Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. (4) 
 2,160,000 
 - 
 6.01 
 7.51 
 
 Blackrock, Inc. (5) 
 2,462,280 
 - 
 8.5 
 6.8 
 
 HCG Investment Management Inc. (6) 
 1,500,000 
 - 
 4.17 
 5.22 
 
 Marshall Wace LLP (7) 
 1,485,458 
 - 
 4.13 
 5.17 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our
stockholders is 321 North Clark Street Suite 2440 Chicago, IL 60654. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified
as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
as described in the section entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) XPDI Sponsor II LLC is the record holder of the shares reported
herein. XPDI Sponsor II LLC is controlled by its managing members, Messrs. Brombach and Eilers. Accordingly, all of the shares held by
our sponsor may be deemed to be beneficially held by Messrs. Brombach and Eilers. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of
these securities, except to the extent, if any, of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(4) The address of Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. is One Greenwich Plaza,
3rd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830, based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023 (the Aristeia 13G ). According to the
Aristeia 13G, Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. is the investment manager of, and has voting and investment control with respect to the securities
described therein, held by one or more private investment funds. 

(5) The address of Blackrock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York,
NY 10055, based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 4, 2022 (the Blackrock 13G ). According to the Blackrock 13G, Blackrock,
Inc. has voting and dispositive control with respect to the securities and therefore has beneficial ownership of the shares of Class
A common stock. 

(6) The address of HCG Investment Management Inc. is 1073 Yonge
Street, 2nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada, based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 (the HCG 13G ).
According to the HCG 13G, HCG Investment Management Inc. is a company incorporated under the laws of Canada, which serves as the investment
manager to The HGC Fund LP, an Ontario limited partnership (the Fund ), with respect to the shares held by the HCG Investment
Management Inc. on behalf of the Fund. 

(7) The address of Marshall Wace LLP is George House, 131 Sloane
Street, London, SW1X 9AT, UK, based on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 (the Marshall Wace 13G ). According to
the Marshall Wace 13G, Marshall Wace LLP is a limited liability partnership formed in England MW LLP with respect to the
shares of Class A common stock directly held by certain funds and accounts (the MW Funds to which it acts as investment
manager. MW LLP acts as investment manager to the MW Funds. MW LLP has delegated certain authority for US operations and trading to Marshall
Wace North America L.P., an investment adviser registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. 

84 

There can be no assurance that our anchor investors
will retain any public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination. Our anchor investors will have the same rights
to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the common stock underlying the units they purchased in the IPO as the rights afforded
to our public stockholders. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed (a) to vote
any founder shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 

Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter 
as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

In March 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate of 25,000,
or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in consideration of 5,750,000 shares of our Class B common stock.
In November 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate
of 7,187,500 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding. We have agreed to sell to the anchor investors 1,078,125 founder shares,
and the anchor investors have agreed to purchase from us on the date of the initial business combination an aggregate of 1,078,125 founder
shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 3,750 or approximately 0.004 per share. Our sponsor has also agreed that in
the event of such purchase by the anchor investors, our sponsor will forfeit to us for no consideration a number of founder shares equal
to the number of founder shares purchased by the anchor investors. 

In July 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 shares
of Class B common stock to each of the four independent director nominees, a total of shares of 120,000 Class B common stock. In November
2021, our sponsor repurchased 30,000 shares of Class B common stock from a former independent director nominee. The number of founder
shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion
of our IPO. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

Our sponsor and the anchor investors purchased
an aggregate of 11,125,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred
simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. Among the private placement warrants, 8,900,000 private placement warrants were purchased
by our sponsor and an aggregate of 2,225,000 private placement warrants were purchased by the anchor investors. As such, our sponsor and
anchor investors interest in this transaction is valued at approximately 11,125,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

The anchor investors have also agreed that if,
in connection with an initial business combination, the sponsor decides (i) to forfeit (other than the sponsor s contemplated forfeiture
to us described above in this section), transfer to a third person, exchange, subject to transfer, vesting or conditional forfeiture provisions
or amend the terms of all or any portion of the founder shares or the private placement warrants or (ii) to enter into any other arrangements
with respect to the founder shares or the private placement warrants, including voting in favor of any amendment to the terms of the founder
shares or the private placement warrants (each, a change in investment ), such change in investment shall apply pro rata
to the anchor investors and the sponsor based on the relative number of founder shares or private placement warrants to be held by the
sponsor (after giving effect to the sponsor s contemplated forfeiture to us described above in this section) upon completion of
the initial business combination provided, however that in no event will such change in investment apply to more than 75 of the
founder shares to be purchased by the anchor investors (but for the avoidance of doubt may apply to up to 100 of the private placement
warrants to be purchased by the anchor investors). 

85 

As more fully discussed in the section of this
Report entitled Item 10-Conflicts of Interest, if any of our sponsor or its affiliates, our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity.
Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their
duties to us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
321 North Clark Street Suite 2440 Chicago, IL 60654. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee we have
agreed to pay affiliates of our sponsor for office space and administrative support services since the date that our securities were first
listed on the Nasdaq. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may potentially make a cash payment to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any financial advisory, placement agency
or other similar investment banking or consulting services that XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates may provide to us in connection
with our initial business combination, and may reimburse to XMS Capital, TEP or their respective affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by it in connection with the performance of such services. 

Except as otherwise disclosed in this Report, no
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However,
these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and
the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

The anchor investors have agreed that if, in connection
with an initial business combination, the sponsor decides (i) to forfeit (other than the sponsor s contemplated forfeiture to us
described above in this section), transfer to a third person, exchange, subject to transfer, vesting or conditional forfeiture provisions
or amend the terms of all or any portion of the founder shares or (ii) to enter into any other arrangements with respect to the founder
shares, including voting in favor of any amendment to the terms of the founder shares (each, a change in investment ), such
change in investment will apply pro rata to the anchor investors and the sponsor based on the relative number of founder shares to be
purchased or held, as applicable, by the sponsor (after giving effect to the sponsor s contemplated forfeiture to us described above
in this section) upon completion of the initial business combination provided, however that in no event will such change in investment
reduce the founder shares to be purchased by the anchor investors by more than 75 . By way of example and without limiting the foregoing,
in the event our sponsor forfeits or transfers 50 or 100 , respectively, of the founder shares as part of our initial business combination
(other than the sponsor s contemplated forfeiture to us described above in this section), the number of founder shares to be purchased
by the anchor investors will be reduced by 50 or 75 , respectively. 

86 

There can be no assurance that our anchor investors
will retain any public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination. Our anchor investors will have the same rights
to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the common stock underlying the units they purchased in the IPO as the rights afforded
to our public stockholders. 

Our sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up
to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (as amended and restated on July 1, 2021, the promissory
note ). This promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the IPO. As of December 14, 2021, we had
borrowed approximately 115,000 under the promissory note. We fully repaid the promissory note on December 17, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay
such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such
loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do
not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be
willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be
up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration and stockholders
rights agreement pursuant to which our initial stockholders and the anchor investors will be entitled to certain registration rights with
respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of our
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares and, upon completion of our initial
business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our initial stockholders and the
anchor investors hold any securities covered by the registration and stockholder rights agreement. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The audit committee of our board of directors has
adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those
transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its
meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including
the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction
and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest
in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction,
but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related
party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit
the related party transaction. 

87 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The firm of Marcum served
as our independent registered public accounting firm from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. The following is a summary
of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered: 

Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services
rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees
by Marcum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March
23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our IPO, totaled 80,000 and 62,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist
of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees during
the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional
services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees during the year ended December
31, 2022 and during the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees
billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and during the period
from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

88 

PART III 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) Financial Statements: Our financial statements are
listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 

Page 
 
 Audited Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: None 

(3) Exhibits
We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the company. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the company. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Specimen Public Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Specimen Private Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the company. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration and Stockholder Rights Agreement among the company, our sponsor and certain equityholders party thereto. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the company and our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement between the company and our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement among the company, our sponsor and each of the officers and directors of the company named therein. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2021, between the company and our sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Securities Subscription Agreement, between the company and our anchor investors. (4) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form
8-K filed on December 14, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed on November 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(3) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed on April 13, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(4) Previously filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to our Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 6, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

89 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

April 17, 2023 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE II CORP. 

/s/ Patrick C. Eilers 

Name: 
 Patrick C. Eilers 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person
whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of Patrick C. Eilers and James P. Nygaard, Jr., and each of them acting
alone, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or
her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Patrick C. Eilers 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Patrick C. Eilers 
 
 Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James P. Nygaard, Jr. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 James P. Nygaard, Jr. 
 
 Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Theodore J. Brombach 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Theodore J. Brombach 

/s/ Paul Dabbar 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Paul Dabbar 

/s/ Paul Gaynor 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Paul Gaynor 

/s/ Scott Widham 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Scott Widham 

90 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Page Audited Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition
II Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations , changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March
23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, Company s liquidity needs,
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

New York, New York 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Non-current prepaid expenses 
 - 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock; shares subject to possible redemption at and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For The 
 Period From 
 March 23, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Weighted
average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -

-

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

For the 
Period from March 23, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - March 23, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of private placement warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

- 

Issuance of warrants
 in Initial Public Offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Non-cash contribution from Sponsor 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Offering costs associated with warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For The 
 Period From 
 March 23, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment income released from Trust Account to pay for taxes 
 
 -

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net decrease in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B common stock 
 -

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable 
 -

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor under promissory note 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Remeasurement adjustment on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional Units at the initial public offering
price to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting fees (see
Note 5). 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
to the Sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc., an unrelated party (the Anchor Investors ),
generating proceeds of approximately million (Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial
Public Offering and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable by us on the
income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company
only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share). The per-share
amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). All of the Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection
with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The Company will proceed with
a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the
Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than immediately following the Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares, without
the prior consent of the Company. 

per share of Class A common
stock to the Trust Account (or approximately million in the aggregate). In connection with each such additional deposit, the Sponsor
or its affiliates or designees will receive an additional private placement warrants, with the same terms as the original Private
Placement Warrants. The Public Stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, any such extension. 

F- 8 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses
and which interest shall be net of taxes payable by us), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and
the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 18 months (or 21 months or 24 months, as
applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the
Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

In the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million
in cash and working capital of approximately million (not taking into account approximately in tax obligations that may
be paid using investment income classified in the Trust Account). 

from the Sponsor to cover certain offering costs
on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and a loan from a related party of approximately
 under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company fully repaid the Note on December 17, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. 

F- 10 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other
share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 11 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes
the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 12 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 13 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption were presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 14 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

classes of shares, which are referred to as
Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the classes of shares. Net income (loss)
per common share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective
period. 

Class A common
stock in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income
(loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion
associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding (1) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

F- 15 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 
Over-Allotment Units at the initial public offering price, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of
approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting fees. 

to
cover for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of shares of the Company s Class B
common stock, par value per share, (the Founder Shares ). In November 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend
of shares of Class B common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividend. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit
up to an aggregate of Founder Shares, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full on December 14, 2021; thus, these
 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Founder
Shares to each of the four independent director nominees, a total of Founder Shares. In November 2021, the Sponsor repurchased
 shares of Class B common stock from a former independent director nominee at a price of . The transfer of the Founder Shares
is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based
compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founders Shares were granted
subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares
is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based
compensation expense has been recognized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation of approximately will be
recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon completion of a Business Combination). 

Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors, and
the Anchor Investors agreed to purchase from the Company on the date of the initial Business Combination such Founder Shares. The Sponsor
also agreed that in the event of such purchase by the Anchor Investors, the Sponsor will forfeit to the Company for no consideration a
number of Founder Shares equal to the number of Founder Shares purchased by the Anchor Investors. Further, the Anchor Investors agreed
that, if they do not own an aggregate of at least certain amount of Public Shares (such amount, the Anchor Threshold at
the time of any stockholder vote with respect to an initial Business Combination or the business day immediately prior to the completion
of the initial Business Combination, the number of Founder Shares to be purchased by such Anchor Investors from the Company will be reduced
pro rata by a fraction, the numerator of which will equal the Anchor Threshold less the number of Public Shares held by such Anchor Investors
after giving effect to any redemptions of the Public Shares by such Anchor Investors and their affiliates, and the denominator of which
will equal the Anchor Threshold; provided, however, in no event will such pro rata reduction in the number of Founder Shares to be purchased
by the Anchor Investors reduce the number of Founder Shares to be purchased by more than . The Company determined that the excess of
the fair value of the Founder Shares to be acquired by the Anchor Investors upon the closing of the initial Business Combination (in which
case the Sponsor also agreed to forfeit to the Company for no consideration a number of Founder Shares equal to the number of Founder
Shares purchased by the Anchor Investors) should be recognized as an offering cost by the Company in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin SAB Topic 5A, Expenses of Offerings. The Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the Sponsor s
agreement to sell Founder Shares to the Anchor Investors to be approximately million using a Monte Carlo simulation. Accordingly,
the additional offering cost is allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering on a relative fair
value basis, compared to total proceeds received. The allocated portion of the additional offering cost associated with the Class A common
stock was charged to the carrying value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public
Offering. 

F- 16 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20-trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the
initial stockholders and the Anchor Investors with respect to any Founder Shares. 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor and the Anchor Investors, generating proceeds of approximately million. 

A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (as amended
and restated on July 1, 2021, the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering. As of December 14, 2021, the Company borrowed approximately under the Note. The Company fully repaid the Note
on December 17, 2021. 

million of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the
Working Capital Loans. 

F- 17 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per month for office space, administrative and support services. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
from March 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 the Company incurred and of such fees, respectively, which
are recognized in general and administrative expenses related party, in the accompanying statements of operations. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, payable in connection with such agreement, included as accrued
expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. 

million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 18 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class
A common stock outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and classified outside of permanent equity in the accompanying
balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Issuance costs allocated to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and were
classified outside of permanent equity in the accompanying balance sheets (see Note 6). 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Of the shares of Class B common stock outstanding,
up to shares of Class B common stock were subject to forfeiture. The over-allotment option was exercised in full, therefore shares
of Class B common stock were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

F- 19 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed
issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial Business Combination. 

and Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding, respectively. Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units
and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of Class A common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within
60 business days after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to
those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are
not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not
be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is
registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 20 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per
share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

: 

F- 21 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 
 - 
 
 Federal 

State 
 -
 
 -

Valuation on allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income which do not expire. 

and , respectively. 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income Taxes Benefit 

F- 22 

POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION
II CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-
 
 -

December 31, 2021 - Assets: 

Investments held in Trust Account 
 
 -
 
 -

F-23 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-2_poweranddigi2.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
BY LAWS 
OF 
POWER DIGITAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACQUISITION II CORP. 
(THE CORPORATION 

Article
I 
 OFFICES 

Section 1.1 Registered
Office. The registered office of the Corporation within the State of Delaware shall be located at either (a) the principal place
of business of the Corporation in the State of Delaware or (b) the office of the corporation or individual acting as the Corporation s
registered agent in Delaware. 

Section 1.2 Additional
Offices. The Corporation may, in addition to its registered office in the State of Delaware, have such other offices and places of
business, both within and outside the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board may from time to time determine or as the business and affairs of the Corporation may require. 

Article
II 
 STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 

Section 2.1 Annual Meetings.
 The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware and time and on such
date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion
determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant to
Section 9.5(a). At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote on such matters shall elect those directors of the Corporation
to fill any term of a directorship that expires on the date of such annual meeting and may transact any other business as may properly
be brought before the meeting. 

Section 2.2 Special Meetings.
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of the preferred stock of the Corporation Preferred
Stock ), and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may
be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
the Board, and may not be called by any other person. Special meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place, either within or
without the State of Delaware, and at such and time and on such date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the Corporation s
notice of the meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place,
but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant to Section 9.5(a). 

Section 2.3 Notices.
 Written notice of each stockholders meeting stating the place, if any, date, and time of the meeting, and the means of remote communication,
if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting and the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of the meeting, shall be given in the manner permitted by Section 9.3 to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat
as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, by the Corporation not less than 10 nor more
than 60 days before the date of the meeting unless otherwise required by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ).
If said notice is for a stockholders meeting other than an annual meeting, it shall in addition state the purpose or purposes for which
the meeting is called, and the business transacted at such meeting shall be limited to the matters so stated in the Corporation s
notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto). Any meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be postponed, and any
meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be cancelled, by the Board upon public announcement (as defined in Section
2.7(c)) given before the date previously scheduled for such meeting. 

Section 2.4 Quorum .
Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be amended or restated
from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy,
at a stockholders meeting of the holders of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the voting
power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at such meeting, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as
a class, the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series shall constitute
a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. If a quorum shall not be present or represented by proxy at any
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided
in Section 2.6 until a quorum shall attend. The stockholders present at a duly convened meeting may continue to transact business until
adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Shares of its own stock belonging to
the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors
of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum
purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any such other corporation to vote shares
held by it in a fiduciary capacity. 

Section 2.5 Voting of
Shares. 

(a) Voting
Lists . The Secretary of the Corporation (the Secretary ), or such other officer as determined by the Board,
shall prepare, or shall cause the officer or agent who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation to prepare and make, at least
10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders of record entitled to vote at such meeting; provided,
however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list
shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date, arranged in alphabetical order and showing
the address and the number and class of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing contained in this Section 2.5(a) 
shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall
be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of
at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain
access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business
of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation
may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be
held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may
be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If a meeting of stockholders is to be held solely by means of remote communication as
permitted by Section 9.5(a) , the list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting
on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of meeting.
The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list required by this Section 2.5(a) 
or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

(b) Manner
of Voting . At any stockholders meeting, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy. If authorized by the Board,
the voting by stockholders or proxy holders at any meeting conducted by remote communication may be effected by a ballot submitted by
electronic transmission (as defined in Section 9.3 ), provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be
submitted with information from which the Corporation can determine that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder
or proxy holder. The Board, in its discretion, or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders, in such person s discretion, may
require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot. 

2 

(c) Proxies .
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without
a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon
after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Proxies need not be filed with the Secretary until the
meeting is called to order, but shall be filed with the Secretary before being voted. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder
may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, either of the following shall constitute a valid means by
which a stockholder may grant such authority. No stockholder shall have cumulative voting rights. 

(i) A
stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished
by the stockholder or such stockholder s authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such person s
signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not limited to, by facsimile signature. 

(ii) A
stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission
of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service
organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that
any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the electronic
transmission was authorized by the stockholder. Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or
transmission authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder may be substituted or used in lieu of the original
writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used; provided that such copy,
facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. 

(d) Required
Vote . Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect
directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, at all meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present,
the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by
proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. All other matters presented to the stockholders at a meeting at which a quorum is present
shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting
and entitled to vote thereon, unless the matter is one upon which, by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these By Laws
or applicable stock exchange rules, a different vote is required, in which case such provision shall govern and control the decision of
such matter. 

(e) Inspectors
of Election . The Board may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, designate one or more persons
as inspectors of election, who may be employees of the Corporation or otherwise serve the Corporation in other capacities, to act at such
meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof. The Board may appoint one or more persons as
alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspectors of election or alternates are appointed by the Board,
the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her
duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of
his or her ability. The inspectors shall ascertain and report the number of outstanding shares and the voting power of each; determine
the number of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots; count all votes
and ballots and report the results; determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to
any determination by the inspectors; and certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and their count
of all votes and ballots. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. Each report
of an inspector shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at
such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. 

3 

Section 2.6 Adjournments.
 Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may be adjourned by the chairman of the meeting, from time to time, whether or not
there is a quorum, to reconvene at the same or some other place. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the date,
time, and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed
to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned
meeting the stockholders, or the holders of any class or series of stock entitled to vote separately as a class, as the case may be,
may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, notice
of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new
record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for notice of
such adjourned meeting in accordance with Section 9.2, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled
to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 

Section 2.7 Advance
Notice for Business. 

(a) Annual
Meetings of Stockholders . No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (i)
specified in the Corporation s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (ii) otherwise
properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting
by any stockholder of the Corporation (x) who is a stockholder of record entitled to vote at such annual meeting on the date of the giving
of the notice provided for in this Section 2.7(a) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote
at such annual meeting and (y) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.7(a) . Notwithstanding anything
in this Section 2.7(a) to the contrary, only persons nominated for election as a director to fill any term of a directorship that
expires on the date of the annual meeting pursuant to Section 3.2 will be considered for election at such meeting. 

(i) In
addition to any other applicable requirements, for business (other than nominations) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by
a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary and such business must otherwise
be a proper matter for stockholder action. Subject to Section 2.7(a)(iii) , a stockholder s notice to the Secretary with respect
to such business, to be timely, must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than
the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately
preceding annual meeting of stockholders (which anniversary date shall, for purposes of the Corporation s first annual meeting of
stockholders of the Company after its Offering (as defined below) of units, be deemed to have occurred on April 30, 2023 (the First
Annual Meeting ); provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than 30
days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year (other than in connection
with the First Annual Meeting), notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the opening of business on
the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the
close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the
Corporation. The public announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s
notice as described in this Section 2.7(a) . 

(ii) To
be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary with respect to any business (other than nominations) must set
forth as to each such matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (A) a brief description of the business desired
to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration
and in the event such business includes a proposal to amend these By Laws, the language of the proposed amendment) and the reasons for
conducting such business at the annual meeting, (B) the name and record address of such stockholder and the name and address of the beneficial
owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation
that are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made,
(D) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the
proposal is made and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder,
(E) any material interest of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in such business
and (F) a representation that such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person or by proxy
at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. 

4 

(iii) The
foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2.7(a) shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder as to any proposal (other than
nominations) if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of such stockholder s intention to present such proposal at an annual
meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), and such stockholder has complied with the requirements of such rule for inclusion of such proposal in a proxy statement
prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders
except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.7(a) , provided,
however, that once business has been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this Section
2.7(a) shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business. If the Board or the chairman of the annual
meeting determines that any stockholder proposal was not made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.7(a) or that
the information provided in a stockholder s notice does not satisfy the information requirements of this Section 2.7(a) ,
such proposal shall not be presented for action at the annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.7(a) ,
if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation
to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such matter
may have been received by the Corporation. 

(iv) In
addition to the provisions of this Section 2.7(a) , a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 2.7(a) shall
be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 

(b) Special
Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before
the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special
meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting only pursuant to Section
3.2 . 

(c) Public
Announcemen t. For purposes of these By Laws, public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release
reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto). 

Section 2.8 Conduct
of Meetings. The chairman of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence
(or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or, in
the absence (or inability or refusal to act of the Chief Executive Officer or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director, the President
(if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President or if the President is not a
director, such other person as shall be appointed by the Board. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each
matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the chairman of the meeting. The Board
may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent
inconsistent with these By Laws or such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall
have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all
such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures,
whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment
of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those
present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized
and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting
after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants.
Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be
held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. The secretary of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall
be the Secretary or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary so appointed to act by
the chairman of the meeting. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, the chairman
of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 

5 

Section 2.9 Consents
in Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, until the Corporation consummates an initial public
offering Offering ), any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or
any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice
and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock entitled
to vote on such matters having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at
a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery
to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having
custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered
office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature
of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein
unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this section and the DGCL to the Corporation,
written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders entitled to vote to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery
to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the
book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered office shall
be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 

Article
III 
 DIRECTORS 

Section 3.1 Powers.
 The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, which may exercise all such
powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these
By Laws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. Directors need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware. 

Section 3.2 Advance
Notice for Nomination of Directors. 

(a) Subject
to the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and any contractual nomination rights granted to any stockholder, only persons who are
nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons
for election to the Board at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing
directors as set forth in the Corporation s notice of such special meeting, may be made (i) by or at the direction of the Board
or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (x) who is a stockholder of record entitled to vote in the election of directors on the
date of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 3.2 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting and (y) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.2 . 

(b) Subject
to the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and any contractual nomination rights granted to any stockholder, for a nomination to
be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary. To be timely,
a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation
(i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on
the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the
event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder
to be timely must be so received not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later
of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of the annual meeting was first made by the Corporation; and (ii) in the case of a special meeting of
stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of the special meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of
an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the
giving of a stockholder s notice as described in this Section 3.2 . 

6 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in paragraph (b) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is
greater than the number of directors whose terms expire on the date of the annual meeting and there is no public announcement by the Corporation
naming all of the nominees for the additional directors to be elected or specifying the size of the increased Board before the close of
business on the 90th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders, a stockholder s
notice required by this Section 3.2 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships
created by such increase that are to be filled by election at such annual meeting, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which such public announcement
was first made by the Corporation. 

(d) To
be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary must set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes
to nominate for election as a director (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (B) the principal occupation
or employment of the person, (C) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially
or of record by the person and (D) any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement
or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice (A) the name
and record address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation s books and the name and address of the beneficial owner,
if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (B) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that
are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, (C)
a description of all arrangements or understandings relating to the nomination to be made by such stockholder among such stockholder,
the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including
their names), (D) a representation that such stockholder (or a qualified representative of such stockholder) intends to appear in person
or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice and (E) any other information relating to such stockholder and
the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other
filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed
nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 

(e) If
the Board or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders determines that any nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3.2 , or that the information provided in a stockholder s notice does not satisfy the information requirements
of this Section 3.2 , then such nomination shall not be considered at the meeting in question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this Section 3.2 , if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting of stockholders
of the Corporation to present the nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination
may have been received by the Corporation. 

(f) In
addition to the provisions of this Section 3.2 , a stockholder shall also comply with all of the applicable requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 3.2 
shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. 

Section 3.3 Compensation.
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation
of directors. The directors may be reimbursed their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board, including for service
on a committee of the Board, and may be paid either a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or other compensation as
director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.
Members of committees of the Board may be allowed like compensation and reimbursement of expenses for service on the committee. 

7 

Article
IV 
 BOARD MEETINGS 

Section 4.1 Annual Meetings.
 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after the adjournment of each annual stockholders meeting at the place of the annual
stockholders meeting unless the Board shall fix another time and place and give notice thereof in the manner required herein for special
meetings of the Board. No notice to the directors shall be necessary to legally convene this meeting, except as provided in this Section
4.1. 

Section 4.2 Regular
Meetings. Regularly scheduled, periodic meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such times, dates and places (within
or without the State of Delaware) as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 

Section 4.3 Special
Meetings. Special meetings of the Board (a) may be called by the Chairman of the Board or President and (b) shall be called by the
Chairman of the Board, President or Secretary on the written request of at least a majority of directors then in office, or the sole
director, as the case may be, and shall be held at such time, date and place (within or without the State of Delaware) as may be determined
by the person calling the meeting or, if called upon the request of directors or the sole director, as specified in such written request.
Notice of each special meeting of the Board shall be given, as provided in Section 9.3, to each director (i) at least 24 hours before
the meeting if such notice is oral notice given personally or by telephone or written notice given by hand delivery or by means of a
form of electronic transmission and delivery; (ii) at least two days before the meeting if such notice is sent by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service; and (iii) at least five days before the meeting if such notice is sent through the United States mail. If
the Secretary shall fail or refuse to give such notice, then the notice may be given by the officer who called the meeting or the directors
who requested the meeting. Any and all business that may be transacted at a regular meeting of the Board may be transacted at a special
meeting. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By Laws, neither
the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such
meeting. A special meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the directors are present or if those not present waive notice
of the meeting in accordance with Section 9.4. 

Section 4.4 Quorum;
Required Vote. A majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, and
the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board, except as may
be otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws. If a quorum shall not be present
at any meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement
at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 

Section 4.5 Consent
In Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee,
as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission
or transmissions (or paper reproductions thereof) are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall
be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic
form. 

Section 4.6 Organization.
 The chairman of each meeting of the Board shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act)
of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or, in the absence (or inability or refusal
to act) of the Chief Executive Officer or if the Chief Executive Officer is not a director, the President (if he or she shall be a director)
or in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President or if the President is not a director, a chairman elected from the
directors present. The Secretary shall act as secretary of all meetings of the Board. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act)
of the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties of the Secretary at such meeting. In the absence (or inability or refusal
to act) of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the
meeting. 

8 

Article
V 
 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Establishment.
 The Board may by resolution passed by a majority of the Board designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one
or more of the directors of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board
when required. The Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such
committee. 

Section 5.2 Available
Powers. Any committee established pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof, to the extent permitted by applicable law and by resolution of
the Board, shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it. 

Section 5.3 Alternate
Members. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of such committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. 

Section 5.4 Procedures .
Unless the Board otherwise provides, the time, date, place, if any, and notice of meetings of a committee shall be determined by such
committee. At meetings of a committee, a majority of the number of members of the committee (but not including any alternate member,
unless such alternate member has replaced any absent or disqualified member at the time of, or in connection with, such meeting) shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is
present shall be the act of the committee, except as otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation,
these By Laws or the Board. If a quorum is not present at a meeting of a committee, the members present may adjourn the meeting from
time to time, without notice other than an announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. Unless the Board otherwise provides
and except as provided in these By Laws, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter, amend and repeal rules for the conduct
of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board is authorized
to conduct its business pursuant to Article III and Article IV of these By Laws. 

Article
VI 
 OFFICERS 

Section 6.1 Officers.
 The officers of the Corporation elected by the Board shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a
Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including without limitation, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and
a Treasurer) as the Board from time to time may determine. Officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally
pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article VI. Such officers shall also have such powers
and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board. The Chief Executive Officer or President may also appoint such other officers
(including without limitation one or more Vice Presidents and Controllers) as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business
of the Corporation. Such other officers shall have such powers and duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as may be provided
in these By Laws or as may be prescribed by the Board or, if such officer has been appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President,
as may be prescribed by the appointing officer. 

(a) Chairman
of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Chairman
of the Board shall have general supervision and control of the acquisition activities of the Corporation subject to the ultimate authority
of the Board, and shall be responsible for the execution of the policies of the Board with respect to such matters. In the absence (or
inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside
when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The powers and duties of the Chairman of the Board shall not include supervision
or control of the preparation of the financial statements of the Corporation (other than through participation as a member of the Board).
The position of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person. 

9 

(b) Chief
Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, shall have general supervision
of the affairs of the Corporation and general control of all of its business subject to the ultimate authority of the Board, and shall
be responsible for the execution of the policies of the Board with respect to such matters, except to the extent any such powers and duties
have been prescribed to the Chairman of the Board pursuant to Section 6.1(a) above. In the absence (or inability or refusal to
act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings
of the stockholders and the Board. The position of Chief Executive Officer and President may be held by the same person. 

(c) President .
The President shall make recommendations to the Chief Executive Officer on all operational matters that would normally be reserved for
the final executive responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of
the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the President (if he or she shall be a director) shall preside when present at all meetings of
the stockholders and the Board. The President shall also perform such duties and have such powers as shall be designated by the Board.
The position of President and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person. 

(d) Vice
Presidents . In the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the President, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than
one Vice President, the Vice Presidents in the order designated by the Board) shall perform the duties and have the powers of the President.
Any one or more of the Vice Presidents may be given an additional designation of rank or function. 

(e) Secretary. 

(i) The
Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders, the Board and (as required) committees of the Board and shall record the proceedings
of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders
and special meetings of the Board and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer or President. The Secretary shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and the Secretary, or any Assistant
Secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her
signature or by the signature of such Assistant Secretary. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal
of the Corporation and to attest the affixing thereof by his or her signature. 

(ii) The
Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation s
transfer agent or registrar, if one has been appointed, a stock ledger, or duplicate stock ledger, showing the names of the stockholders
and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each and, with respect to certificated shares, the number and date of certificates
issued for the same and the number and date of certificates cancelled. 

(f) Assistant
Secretaries . The Assistant Secretary or, if there be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board
shall, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, perform the duties and have the powers of the Secretary. 

(g) Chief
Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties commonly incident to that office (including, without limitation,
the care and custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation, which from time to time may come into the Chief Financial Officer s
hands and the deposit of the funds of the Corporation in such banks or trust companies as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the
President may authorize). 

(h) Treasurer .
The Treasurer shall, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chief Financial Officer, perform the duties and exercise the
powers of the Chief Financial Officer. 

10 

Section 6.2 Term of
Office; Removal; Vacancies. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the Board and shall hold office until their
successors are duly elected and qualified by the Board or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal
from office. Any officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the Board. Any officer appointed by the Chief Executive
Officer or President may also be removed, with or without cause, by the Chief Executive Officer or President, as the case may be, unless
the Board otherwise provides. Any vacancy occurring in any elected office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board. Any vacancy
occurring in any office appointed by the Chief Executive Officer or President may be filled by the Chief Executive Officer, or President,
as the case may be, unless the Board then determines that such office shall thereupon be elected by the Board, in which case the Board
shall elect such officer. 

Section 6.3 Other Officers.
 The Board may delegate the power to appoint such other officers and agents, and may also remove such officers and agents or delegate
the power to remove same, as it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. 

Section 6.4 Multiple
Officeholders; Stockholder and Director Officers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person unless the Certificate of
Incorporation or these By Laws otherwise provide. Officers need not be stockholders or residents of the State of Delaware. 

Article
VII 
 SHARES 

Section 7.1 Certificated
and Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the Corporation may be certificated or uncertificated, subject to the sole discretion of
the Board and the requirements of the DGCL. 

Section 7.2 Multiple
Classes of Stock. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class,
the Corporation shall (a) cause the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of
each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights to be set
forth in full or summarized on the face or back of any certificate that the Corporation issues to represent shares of such class or series
of stock or (b) in the case of uncertificated shares, within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares, send to
the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth on certificates as specified in clause
(a) above; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may
be set forth on the face or back of such certificate or, in the case of uncertificated shares, on such written notice a statement that
the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such
preferences or rights. 

Section 7.3 Signatures.
 Each certificate representing capital stock of the Corporation shall be signed by or in the name of the Corporation by (a) the Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, the President or a Vice President and (b) the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, an Assistant
Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile.
In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall
have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the
Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar on the date of issue. 

11 

Section 7.4 Consideration
and Payment for Shares. 

(a) Subject
to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares of stock may be issued for such consideration, having in the case of shares
with par value a value not less than the par value thereof, and to such persons, as determined from time to time by the Board. The consideration
may consist of any tangible or intangible property or any benefit to the Corporation including cash, promissory notes, services performed,
contracts for services to be performed or other securities, or any combination thereof. 

(b) Subject
to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares may not be issued until the full amount of the consideration has been paid,
unless upon the face or back of each certificate issued to represent any partly paid shares of capital stock or upon the books and records
of the Corporation in the case of partly paid uncertificated shares, there shall have been set forth the total amount of the consideration
to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon up to and including the time said certificate representing certificated shares or said
uncertificated shares are issued. 

Section 7.5 Lost, Destroyed
or Wrongfully Taken Certificates. 

(a) If
an owner of a certificate representing shares claims that such certificate has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Corporation
shall issue a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated form if the owner: (i) requests such a new certificate
before the Corporation has notice that the certificate representing such shares has been acquired by a protected purchaser; (ii) if requested
by the Corporation, delivers to the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against
the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, wrongful taking or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate
or uncertificated shares; and (iii) satisfies other reasonable requirements imposed by the Corporation. 

(b) If
a certificate representing shares has been lost, apparently destroyed or wrongfully taken, and the owner fails to notify the Corporation
of that fact within a reasonable time after the owner has notice of such loss, apparent destruction or wrongful taking and the Corporation
registers a transfer of such shares before receiving notification, the owner shall be precluded from asserting against the Corporation
any claim for registering such transfer or a claim to a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated form. 

Section 7.6 Transfer
of Stock. 

(a) If
a certificate representing shares of the Corporation is presented to the Corporation with an endorsement requesting the registration of
transfer of such shares or an instruction is presented to the Corporation requesting the registration of transfer of uncertificated shares,
the Corporation shall register the transfer as requested if: 

(i) in
the case of certificated shares, the certificate representing such shares has been surrendered; 

(ii) (A)
with respect to certificated shares, the endorsement is made by the person specified by the certificate as entitled to such shares; (B)
with respect to uncertificated shares, an instruction is made by the registered owner of such uncertificated shares; or (C) with respect
to certificated shares or uncertificated shares, the endorsement or instruction is made by any other appropriate person or by an agent
who has actual authority to act on behalf of the appropriate person; 

(iii) the
Corporation has received a guarantee of signature of the person signing such endorsement or instruction or such other reasonable assurance
that the endorsement or instruction is genuine and authorized as the Corporation may request; 

(iv) the
transfer does not violate any restriction on transfer imposed by the Corporation that is enforceable in accordance with Section 7.8(a) ;
and 

(v) such
other conditions for such transfer as shall be provided for under applicable law have been satisfied. 

(b) Whenever
any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security and not absolutely, the Corporation shall so record such fact in the entry
of transfer if, when the certificate for such shares is presented to the Corporation for transfer or, if such shares are uncertificated,
when the instruction for registration of transfer thereof is presented to the Corporation, both the transferor and transferee request
the Corporation to do so. 

12 

Section 7.7 Registered
Stockholders. Before due presentment for registration of transfer of a certificate representing shares of the Corporation or of an
instruction requesting registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation may treat the registered owner as the person
exclusively entitled to inspect for any proper purpose the stock ledger and the other books and records of the Corporation, vote such
shares, receive dividends or notifications with respect to such shares and otherwise exercise all the rights and powers of the owner
of such shares, except that a person who is the beneficial owner of such shares (if held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf
of such person) may, upon providing documentary evidence of beneficial ownership of such shares and satisfying such other conditions
as are provided under applicable law, may also so inspect the books and records of the Corporation. 

Section 7.8 Effect of
the Corporation s Restriction on Transfer. 

(a) A
written restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of the Corporation
that may be owned by any person or group of persons, if permitted by the DGCL and noted conspicuously on the certificate representing
such shares or, in the case of uncertificated shares, contained in a notice, offering circular or prospectus sent by the Corporation to
the registered owner of such shares within a reasonable time prior to or after the issuance or transfer of such shares, may be enforced
against the holder of such shares or any successor or transferee of the holder including an executor, administrator, trustee, guardian
or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of the holder. 

(b) A
restriction imposed by the Corporation on the transfer or the registration of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of
the Corporation that may be owned by any person or group of persons, even if otherwise lawful, is ineffective against a person without
actual knowledge of such restriction unless: (i) the shares are certificated and such restriction is noted conspicuously on the certificate;
or (ii) the shares are uncertificated and such restriction was contained in a notice, offering circular or prospectus sent by the Corporation
to the registered owner of such shares prior to or within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares. 

Section 7.9 Regulations.
 The Board shall have power and authority to make such additional rules and regulations, subject to any applicable requirement of
law, as the Board may deem necessary and appropriate with respect to the issue, transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock
or certificates representing shares. The Board may appoint one or more transfer agents or registrars and may require for the validity
thereof that certificates representing shares bear the signature of any transfer agent or registrar so appointed. 

Article
VIII 
 INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Right to
Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation
shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved
in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter
a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or,
while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with
respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an Indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is
alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director,
officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees,
judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such Indemnitee in connection
with such proceeding; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 8.3 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification,
the Corporation shall indemnify an Indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if
such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

Section 8.2 Right to
Advancement of Expenses. In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 8.1, an Indemnitee shall also have the
right to be paid by the Corporation to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law the expenses (including, without limitation,
attorneys fees) incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter
an advancement of expenses ); provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred
by an Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was
or is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon the Corporation s
receipt of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking ), by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all
amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VIII
or otherwise. 

13 

Section 8.3 Right of
Indemnitee to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after
a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which
case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover
the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover
an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting
or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit
brought by an Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by
the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover
such expenses upon a final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation
(including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders)
to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances
because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation
(including a determination by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel,
or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee
has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, shall be a defense to such suit.
In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation
to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VIII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

Section 8.4 Non-Exclusivity
of Rights. The rights provided to any Indemnitee pursuant to this Article VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right, which such
Indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these By Laws, an agreement, a vote
of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

Section 8.5 Insurance.
 The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether
or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 

Section 8.6 Indemnification
of Other Persons. This Article VIII shall not limit the right of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted
by law to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Indemnitees. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation may, to
the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee
or agent of the Corporation and to any other person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee
benefit plan, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VIII with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses
of Indemnitees under this Article VIII. 

Section 8.7 Amendments.
 Any repeal or amendment of this Article VIII by the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable law,
or the adoption of any other provision of these By Laws inconsistent with this Article VIII, will, to the extent permitted by applicable
law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader
indemnification rights to Indemnitees on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or adversely
affect any right or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption
of such inconsistent provision; provided however, that amendments or repeals of this Article VIII shall require the affirmative vote
of the stockholders holding at least 66.7 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation. 

Section 8.8 Certain
Definitions. For purposes of this Article VIII, (a) references to other enterprise shall include any
employee benefit plan; (b) references to fines shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect
to an employee benefit plan; (c) references to serving at the request of the Corporation shall include any
service that imposes duties on, or involves services by, a person with respect to any employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries;
and (d) a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and
beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation 
for purposes of Section 145 of the DGCL. 

14 

Section 8.9 Contract
Rights. The rights provided to Indemnitees pursuant to this Article VIII shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue
as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, agent or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee s
heirs, executors and administrators. 

Section 8.10 Severability.
 If any provision or provisions of this Article VIII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:
(a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VIII shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VIII (including, without limitation, each such portion
of this Article VIII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect
to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

Article
IX 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.1 Place of
Meetings. If the place of any meeting of stockholders, the Board or committee of the Board for which notice is required under these
By Laws is not designated in the notice of such meeting, such meeting shall be held at the principal business office of the Corporation;
provided, however, if the Board has, in its sole discretion, determined that a meeting shall not be held at any place, but instead shall
be held by means of remote communication pursuant to Section 9.5 hereof, then such meeting shall not be held at any place. 

Section 9.2 Fixing Record
Dates. 

(a) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board, or any committee thereof, may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board, or such committee, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date
of such meeting. If the Board, or such committee, so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders
entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board, or such committee thereof determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a
later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board,
or any committee thereof, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders
shall be at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the
close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled
to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board,
or any committee thereof, may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for
stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders
entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.2(a) at the adjourned meeting. 

(b) In
order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board, or any committee thereof, may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the
date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action.
If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the
day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 

15 

Section 9.3 Means of
Giving Notice. 

(a) Notice
to Directors . Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws notice is required to be given to any
director, such notice shall be given either (i) in writing and sent by mail, or by a nationally recognized delivery service, (ii) by means
of facsimile telecommunication or other form of electronic transmission, or (iii) by oral notice given personally or by telephone. A notice
to a director will be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by hand delivery, orally, or by telephone, when actually received by the director,
(ii) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed
to the director at the director s address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (iii) if sent for next day delivery by a
nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director
at the director s address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (iv) if sent by facsimile telecommunication, when sent to
the facsimile transmission number for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, (v) if sent by electronic mail, when
sent to the electronic mail address for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, or (vi) if sent by any other form of
electronic transmission, when sent to the address, location or number (as applicable) for such director appearing on the records of the
Corporation. 

(b) Notice
to Stockholders . Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws notice is required to be given to
any stockholder, such notice may be given (i) in writing and sent either by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, or (ii) by means of a form of electronic transmission consented to by the
stockholder, to the extent permitted by, and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 232 of the DGCL. A notice to a stockholder
shall be deemed given as follows: (i) if given by hand delivery, when actually received by the stockholder, (ii) if sent through the United
States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s
address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, (iii) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery
service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s address
appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, and (iv) if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder
to whom the notice is given and otherwise meeting the requirements set forth above, (A) if by facsimile transmission, when directed to
a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (B) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address
at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice, (C) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to
the stockholder of such specified posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving of such separate notice, and (D) if by
any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. A stockholder may revoke such stockholder s consent
to receiving notice by means of electronic communication by giving written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any such consent
shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation
in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or to the Corporation s
transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability
as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 

(c) Electronic
Transmission . Electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical
transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly
reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including but not limited to transmission by telex, facsimile
telecommunication, electronic mail, telegram and cablegram. 

(d) Notice
to Stockholders Sharing Same Address . Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively by the Corporation
to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these By Laws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders
at that address to whom such notice is given. A stockholder may revoke such stockholder s consent by delivering written notice of
such revocation to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation within 60 days of having been given
written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send such a single written notice shall be deemed to have consented to receiving
such single written notice. 

16 

(e) Exceptions
to Notice Requirements . Whenever notice is required to be given, under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws,
to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no
duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting
that shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect
as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate
with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given
to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given
by the Corporation, under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, to any stockholder to whom (1)
notice of two consecutive annual meetings of stockholders and all notices of stockholder meetings or of the taking of action by written
consent of stockholders without a meeting to such stockholder during the period between such two consecutive annual meetings, or (2) all,
and at least two payments (if sent by first-class mail) of dividends or interest on securities during a 12-month period, have been mailed
addressed to such stockholder at such stockholder s address as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been returned undeliverable,
the giving of such notice to such stockholder shall not be required. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice
to such stockholder shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. If any such stockholder shall deliver
to the Corporation a written notice setting forth such stockholder s then current address, the requirement that notice be given
to such stockholder shall be reinstated. In the event that the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate
with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate need not state that notice was not given to persons to whom notice was not required
to be given pursuant to Section 230(b) of the DGCL. The exception in subsection (1) of the first sentence of this paragraph to the requirement
that notice be given shall not be applicable to any notice returned as undeliverable if the notice was given by electronic transmission. 

Section 9.4 Waiver of
Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By Laws, a written
waiver of such notice, signed before or after the date of such meeting by the person or persons entitled to said notice, or a waiver
by electronic transmission by the person entitled to said notice, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice. All such waivers
shall be kept with the books of the Corporation. Attendance at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except
where a person attends for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting was not
lawfully called or convened. 

Section 9.5 Meeting
Attendance via Remote Communication Equipment. 

(a) Stockholder
Meetings . If authorized by the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt,
stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote
communication: 

(i) participate
in a meeting of stockholders; and (ii) be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be
held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (A) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures
to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy
holder, (B) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity
to participate in the meeting and, if entitled to vote, to vote on matters submitted to the applicable stockholders, including an opportunity
to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (C) if any stockholder or proxy holder
votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such votes or other action shall be maintained
by the Corporation. 

(b) Board
Meetings . Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, members of the Board or
any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications
equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Such participation in a meeting shall constitute
presence in person at the meeting, except where a person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction
of any business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 

17 

Section 9.6 Dividends.
 The Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends (payable in cash, property or shares of the Corporation s
capital stock) on the Corporation s outstanding shares of capital stock, subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation. 

Section 9.7 Reserves.
 The Board may set apart out of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose
and may abolish any such reserve. 

Section 9.8 Contracts
and Negotiable Instruments. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By Laws, any
contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument may be executed and delivered in the name and on behalf of the Corporation
by such officer or officers or other employee or employees of the Corporation as the Board may from time to time authorize. Such authority
may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board may determine. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Vice President may execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease,
mortgage or other instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board, the Chairman
of the Board Chief Executive Officer, President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Treasurer or any Vice President may delegate powers
to execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation to
other officers or employees of the Corporation under such person s supervision and authority, it being understood, however, that
any such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of such delegated power. 

Section 9.9 Fiscal Year.
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board. 

Section 9.10 Seal. 
The Board may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be in such form as the Board determines. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile
thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced. 

Section 9.11 Books and
Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept within or outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as
may from time to time be designated by the Board. 

Section 9.12 Resignation.
 Any director, committee member or officer may resign by giving notice thereof in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman
of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. The resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein,
or at the time of receipt of such notice if no time is specified or the specified time is earlier than the time of such receipt. Unless
otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Section 9.13 Surety
Bonds. Such officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (if any) as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President
or the Board may direct, from time to time, shall be bonded for the faithful performance of their duties and for the restoration to the
Corporation, in case of their death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers,
money and other property of whatever kind in their possession or under their control belonging to the Corporation, in such amounts and
by such surety companies as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or the Board may determine. The premiums on
such bonds shall be paid by the Corporation and the bonds so furnished shall be in the custody of the Secretary. 

Section 9.14 Securities
of Other Corporations. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents in writing and other instruments relating
to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer, President, any Vice President or any officers authorized by the Board. Any such officer, may, in the name of
and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting
of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation
as such holder, to any action by such corporation, and at any such meeting or with respect to any such consent shall possess and may
exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might
have exercised and possessed. The Board may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

Section 9.15 Amendments.
 The Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By Laws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall
be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By Laws. The By Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders;
provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by
applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power (except
as otherwise provided in Section 8.7) of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote, voting together
as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By Laws. 

18 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_poweranddigi2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
Patrick C. Eilers, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Power
 Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Patrick C. Eilers 

Patrick
 C. Eilers 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_poweranddigi2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I,
James P. Nygaard, Jr., certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Power
 Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James P. Nygaard, Jr. 

James
 P. Nygaard, Jr. 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_poweranddigi2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I,
Patrick C. Eilers, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Patrick C. Eilers 

Patrick
 C. Eilers 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_poweranddigi2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. 1350 
(SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Power Digital Infrastructure Acquisition II Corp. (the Company on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I,
James P. Nygaard, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James P. Nygaard, Jr 

James P. Nygaard, Jr. 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 xpdb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 xpdb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 xpdb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 xpdb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 xpdb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

