<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1929231_0001213900-23-029863.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3576249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>226659</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>761783</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>698872</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>905228</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>899080</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029863.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414160134
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029863
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Plutonian Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001929231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41554
		FILM NUMBER:		23821082

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1441 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		3RD, 5TH & 6TH FLOORS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-969-0946

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1441 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		3RD, 5TH & 6TH FLOORS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029863.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_plutonianacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

c/o Plutonian Investments LLC , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: (646) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of one Common Stock, one redeemable Warrant, and one Right PLTNU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC PLTN Warrant, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share PLTNW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-sixth of one share of Common Stock PLTNR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

On June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of
the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s
shares of common stock as of March 31, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

PLUTONIAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 14 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 
 
 PART II 
 15 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 19 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 19 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 20 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 20 
 
 PART III 
 21 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 21 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 26 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 28 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 30 
 
 PART IV 
 31 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 31 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 33 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements.
Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes,
beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements
about our: 

ability to complete our initial
business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting,
or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating
their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination,
as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control
if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and
trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

use of proceeds not held in
the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following
our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows
or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form
10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to Plutonian
Acquisition Corp. 

Introduction 

Plutonian Acquisition Corp. is a blank check company
formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a target business will not be limited
to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus our search for a target business on companies engaged in metaverse
technologies, tourism and e-commerce related industries in the Asia-Pacific, or APAC, region. We affirmatively exclude as an initial business
combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting firm that the United States Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China
operations consolidated through a VIE structure. 

On
November 15, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering IPO of 5,750,000
 units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Public Units , which includes
the full exercise of the over-allotment option of 750,000 Public Units issued to EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC EF Hutton . Each Public Unit consists of one share of common stock Common
Stock ), one redeemable warrant entitling its holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share Warrant ), and one right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of a share of Common Stock upon the consummation of an initial business
combination Right ). The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 57,500,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO on November 15, 2022, we consummated a private placement with Plutonian Investments LLC (the Sponsor ),
purchasing 266,125 units at 10.00 per unit (the Private Units , generating
total proceeds of 2,661,250. The Private Units (and the underlying securities) are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO, except
as otherwise disclosed in the IPO registration statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such
sale. 

A total of 58,506,250
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Public Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements
on November 15, 2022, were deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. 

All of the proceeds we
receive from these purchases have been placed in the trust account described above and, together with the interests earned on the funds
held in the trust account and except for payment of our franchise and income taxes if any, shall not be released to us until the earlier
of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO upon our failure
to consummate a business combination within the required period. 

With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us
may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of our IPO not held in the trust account; provided, however, that
in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient,
our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either
be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for
example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 70,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 10,000 shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of rights) and 60,000 Warrants). If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid
out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 

1 

Background and Competitive Strengths 

We will seek to leverage our management team s
network of relationships with corporate executives, private equity, venture and growth capital funds, investment banking firms, consultants,
family offices, and large corporations in order to source, acquire, and support the operations of the business combination target. Members
of our management team and board have significant experience investing in and acquiring both private and public companies in China and
the United States. We believe that this combination of relationships and expertise will make us a preferred partner for and allow
us to source high-quality business combination targets. 

Wei Kwang Ng, our CEO, has more than 10 years
of work experience in American or Singaporean companies. Currently he serves as the chief operating officer of Parcel Santa Pte Ltd, a
Singaporean technology company facilitating and value-adding in the logistics space of last mile delivery. Mr. Ng currently also serves
the independent director of Redwood Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: RWOD). Ke Wang, our CFO, currently serves as the head of quantitative research
at Allstate Insurance Company. Our independent director Sze Wai Lee is the former executive director of Forbes Global Media Holdings Company
Limited. Our independent director Harry Harnett served as the chief operating officer and president at ADF Companies, a franchised restaurant
operator of Pizza Hut, from August 1999 to June 2020. Our independent director Robert M. Annis currently serves as the
founder and chief executive officer of The Art of Admissions, a boutique admissions consulting company, since 2016 after his 8 years
at Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP. We believe their advantages about combined network, experience and exposure to industries
would prove to be beneficial for our team s success. We believe that: 

our team s networks and relationships from sourcing,
evaluating, due diligence, and executing transactions will provide us with a significant pipeline of opportunities; 

our team s unique background and experience in completing
a variety of large-scale domestic and cross-border transactions between the U.S. and Asia will be attractive to leading Asia-based
companies; and 

our team s extensive operational and investment management
experience will enable a highly focused approach to idea generation, analysis and transaction execution. 

However, none of our management team is obligated
to remain with the company after an acquisition transaction, and we cannot provide assurance that the resignation or retention of our
current management will not be a term or condition in any agreement relating to an acquisition transaction. Moreover, despite the competitive
advantages we believe we have, we remain subject to significant competition with respect to identifying and executing an acquisition transaction. 

Acquisition Strategy and Industry Opportunity 

We are not limited to a particular industry or
geographic region for purposes of consummating an initial business combination, although we intend to focus our search for a target business
on companies engaged in metaverse technologies, tourism and e-commerce related industries in the Asia-Pacific, or APAC, region. We affirmatively
exclude as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting firm that the
PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated
through a VIE structure. We believe that our experience and networks will enable us to identify potential business combination opportunities
efficiently and productively. In addition, we believe the target business will benefit from our involvement, through the potential strategic
relationships we can introduce, as well as by assisting the target in areas such as intellectual property management and corporate strategy.
Despite our intended focus, we may attempt to acquire a target in another industry if an attractive acquisition opportunity is identified
in such other industry prior to the time we identify an acquisition opportunity within our primary industry focus and if we believe that
such opportunity is in the best interest of our stockholders. 

2 

Investment Criteria 

We have identified the following general criteria
that we believe are important in evaluating candidates for our initial business combination. 

The main ambition of our management is to create
the value-added for our stockholders though our experience to shift the operating efficiency of the business while implementing the revenue-driven
and/or profit-engagement strategies and gain the profits through acquisitions. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are essential in evaluating prospective target businesses. While we intend to use these
criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these criteria and guidelines should we consider well-fit
to do so: 

Industries that are Not Heavily Regulated or Related to
National Security 

We will not acquire an operating business
that is highly regulated by its home country or related to national security, including companies that collect and process large amounts
of public information and data, companies related to artificial intelligence, telecommunications companies, companies involved in semiconductor
industries, rare natural resource companies, unmanned aerial vehicle, geological survey companies or any other enterprises that may relate
to a country s strategic reserve, resources critical to national security, human stem cells, or development or application of gene
diagnosis and treatment technology. 

Niche Deal Size 

We intend to acquire companies which
enterprise values of between 150 million and 300 million that are preferably already cash-generative. We believe we have greater
access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is expected comparable time-saving. 

Long-term Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position 

In the management view, the target companies
should appropriate at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to innovate by developing
new products or services, or where we believe we have the ability to achieve improved profitability performance and where an acquisition
may help facilitate growth. 

Benefits from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value
Creation and Marketing Opportunities) 

We have intention to seek target companies
that should offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. We intend to seek to acquire a target on terms and in
a manner that leverages our experience. Among other criteria, we expect to evaluate financial returns based on (i) the potential
for organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth, including
through the opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives.
Potential upside from future growth in the target business earnings and an improved capital structure will be prior than any identified
downside risks. 

Leadership Position 

We will seek to identify one or more
companies that have a leadership position in their industry or a defensible niche within a target market as a result of differentiated
technology or other competitive advantages. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following
 the IPO . We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of the
IPO and the private placement of private units, our capital stock, debt or a
combination of these in effecting our initial business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO and
the private placement of private units are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in our
IPO prospectus, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in the IPO
 are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits
or risks of any one or more business combinations. Our initial business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a
company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares. In the
alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of
development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably
have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

3 

We Have Not Identified a Target Business 

To date, we have not selected any target business
on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. Our officers, directors, insiders and other affiliates are currently engaging
in discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition or other similar business combination with us. 

Subject to the limitations that a target business
has a fair market value of at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions
and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination, as described below in more detail, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective
acquisition candidate. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target
businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with
which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect a business combination with a company or an entity in
its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business and operations of early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

While we have not yet identified any initial business
combination candidates, we believe based on our management s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous business
combination candidates. We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources,
including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members
of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on
an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our IPO prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting.
Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. We may engage professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions or mergers in the
future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length
negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will our insiders or any of the members of our management team
be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have no present intention
to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors, director nominees,
or insiders. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (1) such transaction is approved
by a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) and (2) we obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. As of the
date of this annual report, there are no affiliated entities that we would consider as a business combination target. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business
Combination 

Subject to our management team s fiduciary
duties and the limitation that one or more target businesses have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust
account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at
the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, our management
will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. Additionally, there is no limitation
on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. We have not established
any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. 

4 

Accordingly,
there is no basis for investors in the IPO to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business
combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established
records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and
early stage or potential emerging growth companies. The valuation of a financially unstable company or early stage company can be more
complicated than the calculation of a mature, stable company, and any valuation we make on such a company would be based, in part, on
its prospects and how successful we believe the business will be once the company matures or is stabilized. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk
factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

return on equity or invested capital; 

market capitalization or enterprise value; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional
personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products,
processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual
property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness
of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the
company competes. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Our management may not consider any of the above criteria in evaluating a prospective target business. The retention of our officers and
directors following the completion of any business combination will not be a material consideration in our evaluation of a prospective
target business. 

5 

Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular
business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our
management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we
will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection
of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted
either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third
parties. 

The time and costs required to select and evaluate
a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination remain to be determined. Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will
result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair Market Value of Target Business 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial
business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the
value of the funds in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income
earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination, although we may structure a business combination with one or more target businesses whose fair market value significantly
exceeds 80 of the trust account balance. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. 

We currently anticipate structuring a business
combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a business
combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial
business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 test. In order to
consummate such an acquisition, we may issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or
seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination
under consideration, we have not entered into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market
value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). We are not required to obtain an opinion from an
unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in excess of at least 80 of the balance of the trust
account unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. The board of directors, in light of its fiduciary obligation
to stockholders, would be required to determine whether it is capable of valuing the target company based on the experience of its members
in valuing companies and whether the board was actually able to reach a determination of value with respect to the particular target company. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after consummation
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory
developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial
business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single
operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

6 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management
Team 

Although we intend to scrutinize the management
team of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination, our assessment of
the target business management team may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management team may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in
the target business following our initial business combination remains to be determined. While it is possible that some of our key personnel
will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that
they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, they would only be able
to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services
they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our
key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company
after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we
will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors may not have significant experience or
knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to
recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business
Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination,
we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public
stockholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination,
into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need
for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our insiders
have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to redeem any public shares held by them into their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured
so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his, her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of
his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow
stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted
to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4
and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with
the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least
 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

7 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the
Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working
capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such
initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as
we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may
not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination
and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore
have to wait 18 months from the closing of the IPO in order to be able
to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

Our
insiders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to redeem any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial
business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. As a result, if we sought stockholder approval of a proposed transaction, we would need only 116,657 of our public shares
(or approximately 2.33 of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have such transaction approved (assuming
that only a quorum was present at the meeting, that EF Hutton votes for the transaction, and that the insiders do not purchase any units
in the IPO or units or shares in the after-market). 

None
of our officers, directors, insiders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock in the
IPO or from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if
we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to
vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, insiders, or their affiliates could make such purchases in
the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, insiders,
and their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or
redemption rights 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business
combination, public stockholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then
due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our insiders have agreed, pursuant to written letter agreements with us, not to redeem
any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account.
If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination, a holder will always have the ability to vote against a proposed business
combination and not seek redemption of his, her or its shares. 

Alternatively, if we engage in a tender offer,
each public stockholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his, her or its public shares to us in such tender offer. The tender
offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly, this is the minimum amount of time we
would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us in the tender offer or remain an investor
in our company. 

Our
insiders, officers, and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or
indirectly, whether acquired prior to the IPO or purchased by them in
 the IPO or in the aftermarket. 

We may also require public stockholders, whether
they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer
agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, at any time at or prior to the vote on the business combination. The proxy solicitation
materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether
we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time our proxy statement
is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his redemption rights. Under
Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which
would be the minimum amount of time a stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise redemption rights. As a result, if we require
public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares of common stock to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account to comply with the foregoing delivery requirements, holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their
shares for redemption. Accordingly, investors may not be able to exercise their redemption rights and may be forced to retain our securities
when they otherwise would not want to. 

8 

There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would
be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement
of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed
business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

Any request to redeem or tender such shares once
made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered his, her or its certificate in connection with an election of their redemption or tender and subsequently
decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights, he,
she or it may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption or tender rights would not be entitled
to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares
delivered by public holders. 

Automatic Liquidation of Trust Account if No
Business Combination 

If we do not complete a business combination within nine months,
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
(in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within nine
months, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination
up to nine times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), subject to the
sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order for the
time available for us to consummate our initial business combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 189,750 (or 0.033 per public share per
month), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each monthly extension, up to an aggregate of 1,707,750, or 0.297 per
public share (for an aggregate of nine months). In the event that they elect to extend the time to consummate our initial business combination
and deposit the applicable amount of money into trust, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive a non-interest bearing,
unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business
combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of
our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional
private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such
notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In
the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension,
we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend
to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds have been timely deposited. Our sponsor
and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we do extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination as described above, we would follow the
same liquidation procedures described above if we do not complete a business combination by the end of the extended period. At such time,
the warrants and rights will expire and holders of warrants and rights will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such warrants
or rights, and the warrants and rights will be worthless. 

9 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with
respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of
a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based
on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially
brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only likely claims to arise would be from
our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We
will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after the IPO and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. 

As
a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any
liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have
a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no
guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential
contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines
that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing
to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement
of a third party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign
due to independence requirements, or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider
of required services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they
will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into
a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.175 per public share, except as to any claims by
a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may
have in or to any monies held in the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO
 against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
However, the sponsor may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations, as we have not required it to retain any assets to provide
for its indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to ensure that it will be able to satisfy any indemnification
obligations that arise. Moreover, our sponsor will not be liable to our public stockholders and instead will only have liability to us.
As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than approximately 10.175 due to claims
or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests,
an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held in the trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released to us, subject
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below. 

10 

If we are unable to consummate an initial business
combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate
notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more
than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders have waived their rights to participate in any redemption
with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust
account and from the interest income on the balance of the trust account (net income and other tax obligations) that may be released to
us to fund our working capital requirements. If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete
such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 18,500) and has agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses.
Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. The proceeds deposited
in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. 

Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the required time period
or if the stockholders seek to have us redeem their respective shares of common stock upon a business combination which is actually completed
by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or
an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to
applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share redemption amount received
by public stockholders may be less than 10.175. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our
creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. 

Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that
will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of
our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance
or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our
insiders and EF Hutton have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any insider shares, private shares and any public shares
they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides,
among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
public stockholders may seek to redeem their shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the
opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described
herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only
if public stockholders do not exercise redemption rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if
our initial business combination is not consummated within nine months (or up to 18 months) of the closing of the IPO ,
then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common
stock; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination;
and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination. 

11 

Potential Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each of our insiders has entered into letter agreements
with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior to a business combination.
We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders, although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if
we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders
to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions relating to our insiders being required to vote
in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to
vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The requirement of members of the management team to remain
our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions
with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had
a potential target business; 

The restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended
to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments
to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation
in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; 

The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business
affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except as specified above, stockholders would
not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could result in: 

Our having an extended period of time to consummate a business
combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection with
any such extension); 

Our insiders being able to vote against a business combination
or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled by a new management team
that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our insiders receiving compensation in connection with a
business combination; and 

Our insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates
without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We will not agree to any such changes unless we
believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example, if we believed such a modification were necessary
to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors have fiduciary obligations to us requiring that they act in our
best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

12 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that we acquire a target business or
businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time
of the agreement to enter into the business combination, and our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who
exercise their redemption rights, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Employees 

We have two executive officers. They are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The
amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination
and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates a suitable target business to
acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently
spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers
to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week
while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target
business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units, common stock and
rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports
with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and
reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled
to United States GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB. A particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination with the proposed target business. 

We may be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to
have our internal control over financial reporting audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. A target company may not be in
compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of their internal control over financial reporting. The
development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company as defined in
the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three-year period or our
total revenues exceed 1.07 billion or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following
fiscal year. As an emerging growth company, we have elected, under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, to take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

13 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices
at 1441 Broadway 3rd, 5th 6th Floors, New York, NY 10018. The space is provided by our Sponsor Plutonian Investments LLC for free.
We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for
our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that
has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Public Units began to trade on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol PLTNU on November 10, 2022. The shares of Common Stock, Warrants and Rights
comprising the Public Units began separate trading on Nasdaq on January 11, 2023, under the symbols PLTN, PLTNW, 
and PLTNR, respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,511,125 of our shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding held by seven (7) stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of
our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security
brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common
Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any,
for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable
future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we
may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

On November 15, 2022,
we consummated our IPO of 5,750,000 Public Units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option of
750,000 Public Units. Each Public Unit consists of one share of Common Stock, one redeemable Warrant entitling its holder to purchase
one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one Right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of a share of Common Stock upon
the consummation of an initial business combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 57,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO on November 15, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor, purchasing 266,125 Private Units at a
price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,661,250. The Private Units (and the underlying securities) are identical
to the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the IPO registration statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sale. 

As of November 15, 2022,
a total of 58,506,250 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the
benefit of the Company s public stockholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee.

All of the proceeds we
receive from these purchases have been placed in the trust account described above and, together with the interests earned on the funds
held in the trust account and except for payment of our franchise and income taxes if any, shall not be released to us until the earlier
of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO upon our failure
to consummate a business combination within the required period. 

15 

With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us
may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of our IPO not held in the trust account; provided, however, that
in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of our IPO, if the funds not held in the trust account are insufficient,
our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either
be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for
example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 70,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 10,000 shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of rights) and 60,000 Warrants). If we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid
out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. 

We paid a total of 575,000 in underwriting discounts
and commissions (not including the 3.5 deferred underwriting commission payable at the consummation of business combination) and 533,449
for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our IPO, see below Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of
this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware in March 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination. Our efforts to identify a target business will
not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus our search for a target business on companies
engaged in metaverse technologies, tourism and e-commerce related industries in the Asia-Pacific, or APAC, region. We affirmatively exclude
as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting firm that the PCAOB is
unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated through a VIE
structure. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of Private Units, our securities,
debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial Business Combination. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

16 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged
in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date except the preparation and completion of the IPO and search for target
candidate following the consummation of the IPO. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the IPO, and subsequent to the IP, including identifying a target company for an initial business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses
in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 126,217 which consists of interest earned on marketable securities of approximately 271,803
net of loss of approximately 90,054 derived from general and administrative expenses of approximately 82,691 and franchise tax expense
of 7,363, and income tax expense of 55,532. 

For the period from February 25,
2021 (inception) through the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 4,088, all of which consisted of formation and operating
costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On November 15, 2022,
we consummated our IPO of 5,750,000 Public Units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option of
750,000 Public Units. Each Public Unit consists of one share of Common Stock, one redeemable Warrant entitling its holder to purchase
one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share, and one Right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of a share of Common Stock upon
the consummation of an initial business combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 57,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO on November 15, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor, purchasing 266,125 Private Units at a
price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,661,250. 

A total of 58,506,250
of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public stockholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had 293,569 in cash and working capital of 429,565(excluding income taxes and franchise taxes payable). The Company s liquidity
needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the Founder Shares and
the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of 200,000. 

The Company has 9 months
(or up to 18 months if the time to complete a business combination is extended as) from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business
Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination
is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. The Company expects to continue to
incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the
consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination
or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which
case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with
applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete its Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available, it will be forced to
cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the
Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that
if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by August 15, 2023 (unless the Company extends the time to complete a Business
Combination), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

17 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

The holders of the founder
shares, the Private Placement Shares, and any common stock that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying
securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection
with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination. 

Upon closing of a business
combination, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per public share, or 2,012,500 in the aggregate. The deferred
fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business
combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s common stock features
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

We have made a policy election in accordance with
ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional
paid-in capital) over an expected 9-month period leading up to a Business Combination. 

Warrants 

The Company accounts for warrants (Public Warrants
or Private Warrants) as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including
whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net
cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This
assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly
period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued warrants that meet all of the criteria
for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified
warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as liabilities at their
initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants
are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

18 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The audited statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable
share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income per share. In order to determine the net income
(loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss)
allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net
loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number
of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the
common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting, registration
and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements
of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . Offering costs are allocated between
public shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair values of public shares, public warrants and public rights
at the date of issuance. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06,
 Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes
certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception and it also simplifies
the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023,
including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if
any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to
any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account,
have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest
solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure
to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included
herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

19 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act.
Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

20 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information about our directors and
executive officers as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and President 
 
 Ke Wang 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Sze Wai Lee 
 
 53 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Robert M. Annis 
 
 40 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Harry Harnett 
 
 71 
 
 Independent Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience
of each our executive officers and directors: 

Wei Kwang Ng has been our Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer since August 2022. Mr. Ng has been the independent director of Redwoods Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: RWOD) since
January 2022. Mr. Ng is currently holding the position of assistant vice president of Singapore Post Ltd since April 2022. He has held
the position of chief operating officer of Parcel Santa Pte Ltd, a Singaporean technology company facilitating and value-adding in the
logistics space of last mile delivery, since July 2017. Mr. Ng was the director of operations of World Marketing Group Pte Ltd. from March
2019 to March 2020. He was the managing director of LegalFocus Consultants, Inc. from 2011 to 2018. He worked at Merrill Brink International
as a project manager from May 2008 to March 2011. Mr. Ng received his bachelor s degree in Business Management with a concentration
in Finance and in Economics from Stony Brook State University in 2007. We believe Mr. Ng is qualified to serve on our board of directors
because of his extensive entrepreneurial and management experience, as well as his contacts and relationships. 

Ke Wang has been our Chief Financial Officer
and a director since February 2022. Mr. Wang currently serves as the head of quantitative research at Allstate Insurance Company
starting from August 2021. Previously, he served as the global head of quantamental solutions in investment management segment at
S P Global Inc. from October 2016 to April 2021 and its senior director from May 2008 to October 2016, where he was in charge
of the quantitative solutions business globally and managed a team of product managers, researchers and technologists to deliver the quantitative
solutions to the company s global clients. Mr. Wang received his MBA degree from University of Chicago Booth Business School
in 2008 and master s degree in Computer Science from DePaul University in 2001. He graduated from University of Science and Technology
in China with a bachelor s degree in Computer Science in 1998. We believe Mr. Wang is qualified to serve on our board of directors
because of his extensive investment and management experience, as well as his contacts and relationships. 

Sze Wai Lee has served as our independent
director since February 2022. Mr. Lee has more than 28 years of experience in accounting, finance and investment. Mr. Lee has
served as chairman of the board of directors and the chief executive officer of Shanghai Yingli Investment Management Co., Ltd, a PRC
registered company engaged in media business in China under the brand name Forbes China, since 2018 and also the executive
director and chief executive officer of Shanghai Capital Resources Investment Management Company Ltd, a PRC registered company engaged
in commodities trading, since April 2015. He also served as the executive director and general manager of Shenzhen Yingli Investment
Management Co., Ltd from December 2019 to October 2021 and a member of the board of directors of Forbes Global Media Holdings Inc. and
Forbes Media LLC from May 2017 to November 2020. Mr. Lee received his bachelor s degree in Commerce in Accounting
from University of Wollongong in 1992. Mr. Lee is also a CPA of CPA Australia and a fellow member of Hong Kong Institute of
CPA. We believe Mr. Lee is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive financial, commercial, corporate
strategy, investment and transaction experience. 

21 

Robert M. Annis has served as our
independent director since February 2022. He has served as the founder and the management partner of The Art of Admissions since
2016. Previously, he served as a litigation associate at Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP from September 2008 to February 2016.
Mr. Annis received his bachelor s degree in Social Studies from Harvard University in 2004. He received his Juris Doctor Degree
in Law from Cornell University in 2008. We believe Mr. Annis is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive
commercial, legal and business development experience. 

Harry Harnett has served as our independent
director since February 2022. Mr. Harnett served as the chief operating officer and president at ADF Companies, a franchised
restaurant operator of Pizza Hut, from August 2016 to June 2020. Mr. Harnett received his bachelor s degree in Business
Administration from Shorter University in 1998. We believe Mr. Harnett is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his
commercial, business development and transaction experience, as well as his contacts and relationships. 

Officer and Director Qualifications 

Our officers and board of directors are composed
of a diverse group of leaders with a wide array of professional roles. In these roles, they have gained experience in core management
skills, such as strategic and financial planning, financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. Many of
our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other companies, and have an understanding
of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges, and strategies.
Further, our officers and directors also have other experience that makes them valuable, managing and investing assets or facilitating
the consummation of business combinations. 

We, along with our officers and directors, believe
that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and board members described
below, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating an acquisition transaction. 

Board Committees 

The board has a standing audit, nominating and
compensation committee. The independent directors oversee director nominations. Each audit committee (the Audit Committee ),
nominating committee (the Nominating Committee and compensation committee (the Compensation Committee has
a charter, which was filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 on October 14, 2022. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee, which is established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, engages Company s independent accountants, reviewing their independence and performance;
reviews the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the integrity of its financial statements; the audits of
the Company s financial statements and the appointment, compensation, qualifications, independence and performance of the Company s
independent auditors; the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; and the performance of the Company s
internal audit function and internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee held no formal meetings during 2022 as
the Company does not have any underlying business or employees, relying on monthly reports and written approvals as required. 

The members of the Audit Committee are Sze
Wai Lee, Robert M. Annis, and Harry Harnett , each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Sze
Wai Lee is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The board has determined that Sze
Wai Lee qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

22 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board. Specifically, the Nominating Committee makes recommendations to the board
regarding the size and composition of the board, establishes procedures for the director nomination process and screens and recommends
candidates for election to the board. On an annual basis, the Nominating Committee recommends for approval by the board certain desired
qualifications and characteristics for board membership. Additionally, the Nominating Committee establishes and administers a periodic
assessment procedure relating to the performance of the board as a whole and its individual members. The Nominating Committee will consider
a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating
a person s candidacy for membership on the board. The Nominating Committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The Nominating Committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. The Nominating Committee was not established until the closing of the IPO and therefore
held no meetings in 2022. 

The members of the Nominating Committee are Sze
Wai Lee, Robert M. Annis, and Harry Harnett , each of whom is an independent director under NASDAQ s listing standards. Robert
M. Annis is the Chairperson of the Nominating Committee. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee reviews annually the
Company s corporate goals and objectives relevant to the officers compensation, evaluates the officers performance
in light of such goals and objectives, determines and approves the officers compensation level based on this evaluation; makes
recommendations to the board regarding approval, disapproval, modification, or termination of existing or proposed employee benefit plans,
makes recommendations to the board with respect to non-CEO and non-CFO compensation and administers the Company s incentive-compensation
plans and equity-based plans. The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as
it may deem appropriate in its sole discretion. The chief executive officer of the Company may not be present during voting or deliberations
of the Compensation Committee with respect to his compensation. The Company s executive officers do not play a role in suggesting
their own salaries. Neither the Company nor the Compensation Committee has engaged any compensation consultant who has a role in determining
or recommending the amount or form of executive or director compensation. The Compensation Committee did not meet during 2022. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including
our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation
of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the Compensation
Committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. 

The members of the Compensation Committee are
 Sze Wai Lee, Robert M. Annis, and Harry Harnett , each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Harry Harnett is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 

23 

Conflicts of Interest 

Investors should be aware of the following potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and insiders will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the amount of interest income from the trust account that may be released to us as working capital. 

The insider shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame, our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares or private units. Furthermore, our insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to affect our initial business combination. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity
will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise
from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our consideration,
prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of: (1)
our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 9 months (or up to 18 months, as applicable) from the date of our IPO. This
agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time
have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We
do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled
by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will arise. 

24 

The following table summarizes the current pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Name of Affiliated Company 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 

Parcel Santa Pte Ltd 
 Redwoods Acquisition Corp. 

Technology 
 SPAC 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Independent Director 

Sze Wai Lee 
 
 Shanghai Yingli Investment Management Co., Ltd, Shanghai Capital Resources Investment Management Company Ltd 
 
 Investment 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Robert M. Annis 
 
 The Art of Admissions 
 
 Admissions Consulting 
 
 Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

Our insiders and EF Hutton have agreed to vote
any shares of Common Stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective
rights to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to their insider shares and private shares if we are unable to complete
our initial business combination within the required time frame. If they purchase shares of Common Stock in the open market, however,
they would be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the amounts held in the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial
business combination within the required time frame, but have agreed not to redeem such shares in connection with the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than
are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our Audit Committee and a majority of
our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either
case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless
our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction
are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or
insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to
our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent
directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will our insiders or any of the members of our management team be paid
any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with
the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These
executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

25 

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us and no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any
of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and Audit Committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth as of March 31,
2023 the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers
and directors as a group. As of March 31, 2023, we had 7,511,125 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them.
The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Rights or
the exercise of the Warrants as the Rights are not convertible and the Warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Plutonian Investments LLC (2) 
 1,538,625 
 20.48 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 
 50,000 

Ke Wang 
 30,000 

Sze Wai Lee 
 40,000 

Robert M. Annis 
 25,000 

Harry Harnett 
 20,000 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 
 1,703,625 
 22.68 
 
 Harraden Circle Investors, LP (3) 
 456,842 
 6.08 
 
 Harraden Circle Investors GP, LP (3) 
 456,842 
 6.08 
 
 Harraden Circle Investors GP, LLC (3) 
 456,842 
 6.08 
 
 Harraden Circle Investments, LLC (3) 
 473,398 
 6.30 
 
 Frederick V. Fortmiller, Jr. (3) 
 488,500 
 6.50 
 
 Space Summit Capital LLC (4) 
 550,000 
 7.32 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Plutonian Acquisition Corp., 1441 Broadway 3rd, 5th 6th Floors, New York, NY 10018. 
 
 (2) 
 Plutonian Investments LLC, our sponsor, is controlled by Mr. Guojian Zhang. 
 
 (3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 299 Park Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10171. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272. 

26 

All of the insider shares outstanding have been
placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, 50 
of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier of six months after the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination and the date the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the insider shares will not be transferred, assigned,
sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier in either
case if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

During the escrow period, the holders of these
shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) transfers among the insiders, to our officers, directors,
advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (3) transfers to
relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) transfers
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private sales made at prices no greater than the price at which the securities
were originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination,
in each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and forfeiture, as the case may be,
as well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. If dividends are declared and payable
in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate,
there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares. 

Our insiders, officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business
combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire
70,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 10,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of rights) and 60,000 Warrants).
Our pre-IPO stockholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes
to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination,
any outstanding loans from our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside
our trust account, if any. 

27 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

In February 2022, we sold an aggregate of 1,437,500
shares of our Common Stock for 25,000, or approximately 0.02 per share, to our insiders. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on
November 15, 2022, we consummated the Private Placement with Plutonian Investments LLC, our sponsor, purchasing 266,125 Private Units,
 at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,562,500.00. The Private Units
(and the underlying securities) are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the registration statement. No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. Additionally, the initial purchasers in the Private
Placement agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as
described in the Registration Statement) until the completion of our initial business combination. Such initial purchasers were granted
certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units. 

In order to meet our working capital needs following
the consummation of our IPO, our insiders, officers, and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or
at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The
notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per
unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to acquire 70,000 shares of Common Stock (which includes 10,000
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of rights) and 60,000 Warrants). Our pre-IPO stockholders have approved the issuance of
the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation
of our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, any outstanding loans from our insiders, officers and
directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside our trust account, if any. 

The holders of our insider shares issued and outstanding
on the date of our IPO, as well as the holders of the private units (and underlying securities) and any shares our insiders, officers,
directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of our IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these
registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of Common Stock are to be released from
escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units or shares issued in payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

We will reimburse our officers and directors for
any reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf such as identifying
and investigating possible target businesses and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable
by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. Our Audit Committee will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any initial stockholder or member of
our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, and any reimbursements and payments made to members of our Audit Committee
will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

No compensation or fees of any kind, including
finder s fees, consulting fees, or other similar compensation, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management
team, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of
the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them
in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable
target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however,
that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the
amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. 

28 

All ongoing and future transactions between us
and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than
are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our Audit Committee and a majority of
our uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the Audit Committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and
(3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our shares of Common
Stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest
situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and
effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as
a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

Our Audit Committee, pursuant to its written charter,
will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing
and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us
to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our
Audit Committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an
interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not
enter into any such transaction unless our Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential conflicts of interest,
we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our insiders unless we obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial
point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or insiders, or any entity with which they are affiliated,
be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of a business combination. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

29 

ITEM 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum and Friedman LLP Friedman ), prior to the acquisition of certain assets of
Friedman by Marcum effective September 1, 2022, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by
Friedman and Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Friedman and Marcum for professional services
rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 65,000 and 0, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as
attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning
financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021. 

Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022, our independent registered
public accounting firms did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the period from
March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent
registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation
of our IPO. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to
the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a going-forward
basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our
auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange
Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

30 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID # 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Friedman LLP (PCAOB
 ID # 711) 
 
 F-3 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

31 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Registrant and EF Hutton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrants Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Warrants Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 

32 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Company and Plutonian Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not Applicable. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Plutonian Acquisition Corp. 

Dated: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wei Kwang Ng 

Name: 
 Wei Kwang Ng 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Wei Kwang Ng 
 
 Chief Executive Officer. President and Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ke Wang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Ke Wang 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Sze Wai Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Sze Wai Lee 

/s/ Robert M. Annis 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Robert M. Annis 

/s/ Harry Harnett 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Harry Harnett 

34 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Registrant and EF Hutton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrants Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Warrants Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 

35 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated November 9, 2022, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Plutonian Investments LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 99.3 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 14, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

36 

PLUTONIAN ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID # 688) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (PCAOB ID # F-3 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Plutonian Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Plutonian Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company believes that it will
not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to complete a business combination. If the Company does not complete a business
combination by August 15, 2023 (unless the Company extends the time to complete a Business Combination), it will be required to cease
all operations, except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

East Hanover, New Jersey 
April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of 

Plutonian Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Plutonian Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholder s equity and cash flows for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business
plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company s cash and working capital are not sufficient to complete its
planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, the audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
from 2022 through 2022. 

May 19, 2022 

F- 3 

PLUTONIAN ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses- non current 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at redemption value 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; (excluding 5,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

PLUTONIAN
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
the 
year ended December 31, 
 For the period from March
 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

PLUTONIAN
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 

Common stock issued to initial stockholders 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement units 

Issuance of representative shares 

Underwriter commissions 

Offering costs 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income for the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

For the Period From March 11, 2021 (Inception) Through December
31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of March 11, 2021 (inception) 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

PLUTONIAN
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 period
 from March 11, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash used in operating
activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of founder shares to the initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note 

Advance from related party 

Repayment of advance from related party 

Prepayment of promissory note 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Accretion of Common stock to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

PLUTONIAN ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Public
Units ), including the full exercise of the over-allotment option of Units granted to the underwriters. The Public Units
were sold at an offering price of per unit generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company
sold to its Sponsor units at per unit (the Private Units in a private placement generating total gross
proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 
per share (the Shares ), one redeemable warrant entitling its holder to purchase one Share at a price of per Share,
and one right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of one share upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

,
consisted of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon completion of a Business
Combination) and of other offering costs. Upon the closing of the IPO and the private placement on November 15, 2022, a
total of was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. These funds will not be
released until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation due to the Company s
failure to complete a Business Combination within the applicable period of time. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the
Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the funds in the Trust Account may be released to the
Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by the Company may be paid prior to a
business combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the Trust Account. 

F- 8 

per Public Share, plus any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income
tax obligations). The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon
the completion of the IPO in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval, a majority of the shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder
vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company
will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor and any of the Company s
officers or directors that may hold Insider Shares (as defined in Note 5) (the Initial Stockholders and the underwriters
have agreed (a) to vote their Insider Shares, Private Shares (as defined in Note 4), and any Public Shares purchased during or after
the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) in connection with
a stockholder vote to approve, or sell the shares to the Company in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business Combination. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

(or per public share per month), up to an aggregate of or per public share (for an
aggregate of nine months), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each extension. 

F- 9 

. 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or
not such waiver is enforceable), nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover,
in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the
extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

and a working
capital of (excluding franchise tax and income tax payable). The Company has nine months (or up to 18 months if the time to complete
a business combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this
date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

F- 10 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only
to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 11 

and in cash
and none in cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other
expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO on November 15,
2022. 

F- 12 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

. The Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company
is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 13 

F- 14 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Proceeds allocated to public rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Units at a price of per Units (including the full exercise of the over-allotment option of Units granted to the underwriters),
generating gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, one right Public Right ), and
one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right will convert into one-sixth (1/6) of a share of common stock
upon the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock
at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, and each six rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one share of common
stock at the closing of an initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares. As a result, Public Rights may
only be converted in multiples of six. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the 30 days after completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire five years after the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase price of 
in a private placement. The Private Units are identical to the Public Units except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer
restrictions. The Private Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants will be entitled to registration
rights, and the Private Warrants (including the common shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, except to permitted transferees. The proceeds from the Private
Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within nine months (or up to 18 months, as described in more detail in this prospectus), the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all
underlying securities will expire worthless. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Insider Shares for an aggregated consideration of , or
approximately per share. The Initial Stockholders have agreed to forfeit up to Insider Shares to the extent that
the over-allotment option is not exercised in full so that the Initial Stockholders collectively own of the Company s issued
and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and excluding the
Private Units). As a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on November 15, 2022, no Insider Share
were forfeited. As of December 31, 2022, Insider Shares were issued and outstanding. 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company s initial Business Combination or (2) six
months after the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent
to the Company s initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other
property. 

to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection with the IPO (the
 Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing of the IPO. The Company repaid
the outstanding balance of to the Sponsor on November 29, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no amount was outstanding
under the Promissory Note. 

of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination into Private Units
at a price of per unit. 

F- 16 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 15,
2022, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase units, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of (see Note 3). 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts
held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of common stock or the representative shares, at the closing of the IPO as part of
representative compensation. As of November 15, 2022, representative shares were issued. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the common stock are entitled
to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding (excluding 
shares subject to possible redemption). 

F- 17 

per share, subject to adjustment as described
in this prospectus. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial Business Combination
and 12 months from the closing of the IPO. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective
and current registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed
to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration
under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on
a cashless basis. In the event that holders are able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would
pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants in exchange for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
for this purpose shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the exercise date. The warrants will expire from the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier redemption. 

per warrant; 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the to the warrant holders. 

F- 18 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 19 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 11, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021,
respectively. The Company s tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remain open and subject to examination. 

F-20 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_plutonianacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Plutonian Corp. we, 
 our, us or the Company had the following three securities registered under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting of one share of common stock (as
defined below), one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of
a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (as defined below) (the units ), (ii) its
common stock, 0.0001 par value per share common stock ), (iii) its warrants, with each entitled the holder thereof to purchase
one share of common stock (the warrants ), and (iii) its rights, with each six rights eligible to receive one share of common
stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination (the rights ). 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 15,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description
summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety
by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which
this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. 

Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

 Each unit has a price of 10.00 and consists of
one share of common stock, par value 0.0001, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-sixth (1/6) of a share of common
stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, as described in more detail. Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one share of common stock, and each six rights entitle the holder thereof to receive one share of common stock at
the closing of a business combination. We will not issue fractional shares. As a result, the rights holder must hold rights in multiples
of six in order to receive shares for all of such holder s rights upon closing of a business combination. 

Private Units 

The private units (including the private warrants
and private rights or private shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants or conversion of such rights) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until the completion of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private units are
identical to the units sold in this offering except that the private warrants will be entitled to registration rights. 

Common Stock 

Our holders of record of our common stock are
entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our
initial business combination, our insiders, officers, and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned
by them immediately prior to the IPO, including both the insider shares and the private shares, and any shares acquired in the IPO or
following the IPO in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We will consummate our initial business combination
only if public stockholders do not exercise redemption rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
upon consummation of the initial business combination and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 9 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to
18 months as applicable), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our insiders and EF
Hutton have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares and private shares, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive
or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that
public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have their shares of common stock redeemed to cash
equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination and the business combination is completed.
If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination
activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection
with any such vote. In either of such events, redeeming stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly
following consummation of the business combination or the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. Public stockholders
who sell or redeem their stock into their share of the trust account still have the right to convert the rights that they received as
part of the units. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such
amounts. 

Insider Shares 

The insider shares are identical to the shares
of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and our insiders have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders,
except that (i) the insider shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below and (ii) our
insiders have agreed (A) to vote their insider shares, private shares and any public shares acquired in or after this offering in
favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our certificate of incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within nine months (or up to 18 months, as described in more detail in this prospectus) from the closing of this
offering, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such
amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes
payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to redeem any shares (including the insider shares) to
receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination (or sell
any shares they hold to us in a tender offer in connection with a proposed initial business combination) or a vote to amend the provisions
of our certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination within nine months (or up to 18 months, as described in more detail in this prospectus)
from the closing of this offering, and (D) that the insider shares and private shares shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a
pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account if a business combination is not consummated. 

Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any of the insider shares (except pursuant to certain limited exceptions) until the earlier of (1) 150
calendar days after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our
common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) six months
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business
combination, we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions referred
to above include (1) transfers among the insiders, to our officers, directors, advisors and employees, (2) transfers to an insider s
affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (3) transfers to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (4) transfers
by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (5) transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (6) private
sales made at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased or (7) transfers to us for cancellation
in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination, in each case (except for clause 7) where the transferee agrees
to the same transfer restrictions, as well as the other applicable restrictions and agreements of the holders of the insider shares. 

1 

Public Warrants 

No warrants are currently outstanding. Each redeemable
warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described
in this prospectus. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination
and 12 months from the closing of this offering. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective
and current registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial business combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under
the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. In the event that holders are able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise
price by surrendering the warrants in exchange for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x)
the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value 
(defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the
exercise date. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares
of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without
taking into account any insider shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the
 Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity
proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day
on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Price is below 9.20 per share, then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Price and the
Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 180 of the higher of the Market Price and the Newly Issued Price. 

We may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common
stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send
the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited unless
the warrants are exercised prior to the redemption date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record
holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our warrants have
been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide
a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as
a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. 

2 

We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current
prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be
exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants
is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or
qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of those states
in which the warrants were offered by us in this offering. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants in exchange for that number of shares of common stock
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market
value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if
a holder held 150 warrants (which entitles the holder to purchase 150 shares of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share) and the fair
market value (calculated as described above) was 15.00 per share, that holder would receive 35 shares of common stock without the payment
of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption,
our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants (including
the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of shares of common
stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock split, stock dividend,
extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for
issuances of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices except as described above. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse
side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless
basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders
do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive common
stock. After the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held
of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except as described above, no public warrants
will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue common stock unless at the time a holder seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus
relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the common stock have been registered or qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant
agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able
to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders
will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating
to the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the common stock is not qualified or exempt from qualification
in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant
exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 

3 

Rights 

Except in cases where we are not the surviving
company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-sixth (1/6) of a share of common stock upon
consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted all shares of common stock held by him,
her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate of incorporation with respect to our
pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion of our initial business combination,
each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-sixth (1/6) of
a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by
a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation of an initial business combination.
The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). If we enter
into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide
for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We will not issue fractional shares in connection
with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of five in order
to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination
within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to
such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the
holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash
settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash
dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the
discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use
in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Our Transfer Agent, Rights Agent and Warrants
Agent 

The transfer agent for our securities, rights
agent for our rights, and warrants agent for our warrants are Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, warrant agent and rights agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Exclusive Forum Selection 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers
and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware,
except (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or
for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or claim arising under the Exchange Act
or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be
deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by
providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this
provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our
directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain
exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty
or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will
not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities
Act, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

4 

Section 203 

We will be subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of this
offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination 
with: 

a stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business
combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will require that, unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
director, officer or other employee of the company to the company or the company s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting
a claim against the company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the company,
its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above,
(a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or
for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or claim arising under the Exchange Act
or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company and its directors, officers, or other employees. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our
stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairman. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder
Proposals and Director Nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to
bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of
stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be delivered
to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 day nor earlier than the opening of business on
the 120 day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to
the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our
annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Authorized but Unissued Shares 

Our authorized but unissued common stock are available
for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings
to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock
could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

6 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_plutonianacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wei Kwang Ng, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Plutonian
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wei Kwang Ng 

Wei Kwang Ng 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_plutonianacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ke Wang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Plutonian
Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant[,
including its consolidated subsidiaries] is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ke Wang 

Ke Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_plutonianacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Plutonian Acquisition Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wei Kwang Ng 

Name: 
 Wei Kwang Ng 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_plutonianacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Plutonian Acquisition Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date:
 April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ke Wang 

Name: 
 Ke Wang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pltnu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pltnu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pltnu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pltnu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pltnu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

