<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1828613_0001477932-23-002507.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1819575</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67980</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>413361</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>466887</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>353574</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>479918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002507.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414060547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002507
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828613
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINERAL ROYALTY TRADERS [6795]
		IRS NUMBER:				842834915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56400
		FILM NUMBER:		23819618

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 NORTH GREEN VALLEY PKWY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-354-8751

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 NORTH GREEN VALLEY PKWY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRANDED PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201015

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002507.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 global_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

global_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ______________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of March 31, 2023 there were shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 6 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 6 Item 2. Properties 6 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 6 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 6 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 8 Item 5A. Selected Financial Data 8 Item 6. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 8 Item 7. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 11 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 11 Item 9B. Other Information 12 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 13 Item 11. Executive Compensation 14 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 16 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 17 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 17 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 18 SIGNATURES 19 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are generally located in the material set forth under the headings Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Business and Properties but may be found in other locations as well. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not unduly rely on these statements. We identify forward-looking statements by use of terms such as may, will, expect, anticipate, estimate, hope, plan, believe, predict, envision, intend, will, continue, potential, should, confident, could and similar words and expressions, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward looking statements in this report. These factors include, among others: our ability to raise capital; our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets; our ability to successfully execute acquisitions on favorable terms; declines in general economic conditions in the markets where we may compete; unknown environmental liabilities associated with any assets we may acquire; and significant competition in the markets where we may operate. Where we express an expectation or belief as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this report. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS THE COMPANY The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 23, 2019. We are a developing mineral royalties company with a focus in precious metals, primarily gold and silver. We work with mining companies that are in need of funds either to bring them into production or to further expand production through royalty financing. Typically, royalty agreements provide specified upfront payments for the rights to receive streams of payment from future revenues deriving from mineral reserves and resources on the mining properties until they are depleted. Royalty companies are not obligated to make any capital contributions other than the contracted funding amount. In the event that mineral reserves and resources on the mining properties that are subject to royalty payments expand on further exploration, royalty companies get to share the newly discovered minerals with no additional costs to them. It is not uncommon to see that royalty agreements that covered mining properties that had initial mine life of ten years ended up several times longer as in the case of one of the flagship royalty assets of Franco Nevada, the largest precious metals royalty company in the world. The Business Model Mining royalty companies employ a wide spectrum of business models to implement their strategies. These models can be broadly categorized into (1) Project generation model whereby royalty companies generate projects and usually option out those projects to mining operators to advance them while retaining royalty interests in the projects. (2) Third party royalty acquisition or the trading model whereby royalty companies only involve in buying and selling of existing royalties. (3) Organic growth model whereby royalty companies work with mining operators to create royalty agreements. Within these broad categories, a whole bunch of nuances exist. Certain royalty companies are known to employ a combination of each or a hybrid model. In addition, some models have been proved out to work well in some jurisdictions but not in others. Royalty companies primarily thrive on the asset portfolios that are created which are basically stream of discounted cash flows that usually cover the life of mine of the underlying mining assets or properties. Hence, portfolio creation process and execution strategies constitute the fundamental backbone of royalty companies. 4 Table of Contents One of the key differentiators of the Company is that we intend to replicate the proved out royalty model in mining finance in the North American market in other international markets where our research indicates that abundant opportunities exist. We believe our knowledge of some of these markets and deal sourcing capabilities as well as access to technical professionals including geologists and mining engineers who are familiar with the regions and land packages that are of interest to us will gain us a foothold in those markets. Our royalty asset portfolio creation strategies primarily focus on producing or near producing properties. Mining projects would have to be adequately de-risked to come under our radar screen. The potential targets are likely to have gone through a preliminary economic assessment (PEA) or a pre-feasibility study (PFS) and therefore either have an inferred resource or measured and indicated resource on them. Competition The mining royalties industry, precious metals in particular, is highly competitive. We compete with other royalty companies and investors in efforts to generate or to acquire existing royalty interests. Resource sector investors and lenders like Sprott Lending and major tier royalties companies like Franco Nevada, Wheaton Precious Metals and Royal Gold are extremely well-capitalized. These major players dominate most of the US and Canadian markets. In order to grow fast and attain a critical mass in asset size, our strategy is to capture opportunities in jurisdictions other than the so-called Tier I jurisdictions which consist of US, Canada and Australia. We believe our geographical focus away from Tier I countries and niche market strategy would afford us competitive edge over our peers. Through employing other key competitive factors in royalty interest generation and acquisition which include the ability to identify and evaluate potential opportunities, transaction structure and consideration, as well as access to capital, we will be able to compete effectively in the face of fierce competition in the mining royalty space. Regulation Operators of mines that could be the subject of our royalty interests must comply with numerous environmental, mine safety, land use, waste disposal, remediation and public health laws and regulations promulgated by federal, state, provincial and local governments around the world. Although we, as a royalty interest owner, are not responsible for ensuring compliance with these laws and regulations, failure by the operators to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits can result in injunctive action, orders to suspend or cease operations, damages, and civil and criminal penalties on the operators, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. The company does not own any real property. We rented our office space at Green Valley Corporate Center located at 701 N Green Valley Parkway, Henderson in Nevada on a month-to-month basis. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions required to be disclosed by Item 103 of Regulation S-K. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange or quotation system, and, accordingly, there is no established public trading market for our common stock. Until our common stock is listed, there is no market price for our shares. Once listed on a stock exchange or an automated quotation system, the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. Holders As of the close of business on December 31, 2022, there were approximately 38 holders of record of our common stock. 7 Table of Contents Dividend Policy We cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our board of directors may determine it to be necessary to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We have not adopted an Equity Compensation Plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not, nor did anyone on our behalf or any affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Exchange Act, repurchase any outstanding shares of our common stock during any month of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. ITEM 5A. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and as such are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Item 301 of Regulation S-K. ITEM 6. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report. 8 Table of Contents Overview The Mining Royalties Business The mining royalties industry, precious metal in particular, is highly competitive. We compete with other royalty companies and investors in efforts to generate or to acquire existing royalty interests. Resource sector investors and lenders like Sprott Lending and major tier royalties companies like Franco Nevada, Wheaton Precious Metals and Royal Gold are extremely well-capitalized. These major players dominate most of the US and Canadian markets. In order to grow fast and attain a critical mass in asset size, our strategy is to capture opportunities in jurisdictions other than the so-called Tier I jurisdictions which consist of US, Canada and Australia. We believe our geographical focus away from Tier I countries and niche market strategy would afford us competitive edge over our peers. Through employing other key competitive factors in royalty interest generation and acquisition which include the ability to identify and evaluate potential opportunities, transaction structure and consideration, as well as access to capital, we will be able to compete effectively in the face of fierce competition in the mining royalty space. Regulations Operators of mines that could be the subject of our royalty interests must comply with numerous environmental, mine safety, land use, waste disposal, remediation and public health laws and regulations promulgated by federal, state, provincial and local governments around the world. Although we, as a royalty interest owner, are not responsible for ensuring compliance with these laws and regulations, failure by the operators to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits can result in injunctive action, orders to suspend or cease operations, damages, and civil and criminal penalties on the operators, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Key Factors Affecting Our Business Operations We have a limited operating history and the pandemic worldwide practically slowed down the global economies with the mining industry being one of the hardest hit. Safety protocols and travel restrictions that were put in place inevitably impacted on precious metal production. Our long-term success hinges on the ability to significantly build our royalty assets portfolio. Attaining a critical mass in asset size is of paramount importance in the royalties business. Investors should consider our future prospects in light of the risks and challenges encountered by an emerging company in a fiercely competitive industry. Our business requires a significant amount of capital in order to finance asset generation and acquisition, access to capital would be key before a cash flowing asset portfolio starts generating cash flows to fund the business internally. It is expected that we may incur additional operating losses during the course of Fiscal 2023 and possibly thereafter. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our operations, as we have in the past, primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve these objectives, therefore substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern exists. Result of Operations The following is a summary of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We have had no operating revenues and 173,103 in expenses since our inception on August 23, 2019 through December 31, 2022. Our activities have been financed by 175,300 from issue of shares to our shareholders. For the period from inception through December 31, 2022, we incurred operating loss of 173,103, consisting primarily of professional fees and office expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022 we generated 0 in revenues and 91,104 in operating expenses for an operating loss of 91,104. The operating expenses of 91,104 consisted of mainly professional fees. For the year ended December 31, 2021 we generated 0 in revenues and 54,333 in operating expenses for an operating loss of 54,333. The operating expenses of 54,333 consisted of mainly legal and auditing fees. 9 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 92,304. At December 31, 2022 the Company had 7,299 in cash and there were outstanding liabilities of 28,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 360,000 shares (pre reverse stock split, 90,000 shares after a 1 for 4 reverse stock split) of common stock for consulting services. Since inception in August 2019, the Company has generated an accumulated deficit of 173,103. Achievement of the Company s objectives will depend on its ability to obtain additional financing, to generate revenue from current and planned business operations, and to effectively control operating and capital costs. Assuming we raise additional funds and continue operations, it is expected we may incur additional operating losses during the course of Fiscal 2023 and possibly thereafter. We plan to continue to pay or satisfy existing obligation and commitments and finance our operations, as we have in the past, primarily through the sale of our securities and other forms of external financing. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve these objectives, therefore substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern exists. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements None ITEM 7. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and as such are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Item 305 of Regulation S-K. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company had incurred substantial losses during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and had accumulated deficits, and has a working capital deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to these matters are described in Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Certified Public Accountants (PCAOB ID: We have served as the Company s auditor since December 29, 2021 April 14, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC BALANCE SHEETS As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (AUDITED) As of As of December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Deposit TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS NON CURRENT ASSETS Deposit TOTAL NON CURRENT ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) LIABILITIES Current Liabilities: Note Payable - Related Party Account Payable Accrued Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Preferred Stock: authorized , par value Common stock: authorized , par value; shares and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional Paid-in Capital Subscription Receivable Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) _________ Shares have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the decreased number of shares resulting from a 1 for 4 reverse stock split The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-3 Table of Contents GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (AUDITED) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 REVENUES Royalty Proceeds Total Operating Expenses: General and administrative Legal and Professional Fees Total Expenses Net Loss Before Tax Interest Expense Provision for Income Tax Net Loss Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted _________ Shares and per share amount have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the decreased number of shares resulting from a 1 for 4 reverse stock split The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-4 Table of Contents GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (AUDITED) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Total Shareholders' Number of Par Number of Par Paid in Accumulated Subscription Equity Shares Value Shares Value Capital Deficit Receivable (Deficit) Balance, January 1, 2021 - Common Shares Issued: - Net Loss - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 - Balance, January 1, 2022 - Common Shares Issued: - Net Loss Balance, December 31, 2022 - __________ Shares have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the decreased number of shares resulting from a 1 for 4 reverse stock split The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-5 Table of Contents GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (AUDITED) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating activities: Net Loss Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations: Common stock issued for services Changes in assets and liabilities: Security deposit Account payable Accrued liabilities Provision for Income Tax Net cash used in operating activities Investing activities: Acquisition of Royalty Interests Net cash provided by investing activities Financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repayment of loan Demand promissory note Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period Taxes Interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for services The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-6 Table of Contents Global Gold Royalty Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Audited) . The Company is engaged in the business of financing mining projects, primarily in precious metals. We seek to generate royalty agreements with mining operators that are in production or about to commence production. Royalties are non-operating interests in mining projects that provide the right to revenues from projects after deducting specified costs. Use of Estimates and Assumptions Going Concern . Achievement of the Company s objectives will depend on its ability to obtain additional financing, to generate revenue from current and planned business operations, and to effectively control operating and capital costs. The Company plans to fund its future operations by sales of its common stock or by borrowing. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve these objectives, therefore substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern exists. Cash and Cash Equivalents F-7 Table of Contents Global Gold Royalty Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Audited) Asset Impairment Revenue Recognition F-8 Table of Contents Global Gold Royalty Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Audited) Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share Income Taxes F-9 Table of Contents Global Gold Royalty Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Audited) F-10 Table of Contents Global Gold Royalty Inc. Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Audited) and in current liabilities. Of the 28,000 in 2022, there are in related party loan, in legal fee and in audit fee. Of the 7,500 in 2021, there are in legal fee and in audit fee. post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) shares of common stock for a purchase price of per share to the Company's then sole shareholder on receiving aggregate proceeds of . On November 17, 2020 the Company increased its authorized capital to shares with a par value of per share, of which, shares are designated as common shares and shares are designated as preferred shares. On December 17, 2021 the Board of Directors approved a stock split on all issued and outstanding shares. A public offering of common stock in the Company commenced on April 26, 2021 when the Form S-1 registration statement filed with the SEC was declared effective. A total of post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) shares at per share post reverse stock-split per share pre-reverse stock-split) were allotted. On April 18, 2022, the Company issued post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) shares of common stock for consulting services. On December 16, 2022 the Company s Board of Directors approved a reverse stock-split on all issued and outstanding shares, to become effective on January 1, 2023. All shares have been retroactively adjusted to reflet the numbers. Total number of issued and outstanding shares is post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) As of December 31, 2022 there were no outstanding stock options or warrants. post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) shares of the Company's stock at per share post reverse stock-split per share pre-reverse stock-split) in compensation under the arrangement. Prior to the transaction, she owned post reverse stock-split pre-reverse stock-split) shares of the Company s stock and is a family of our CEO. The service agreement has a twelve month term and will expire at the end of March in 2023. In July 2022, the Company issued a demand promissory note to its CEO in the principal amount of . The note bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance was .The interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . reverse stock-split on all issued and outstanding shares, to become effective on January 1, 2023, bringing the total number of issued and outstanding shares to . F-11 Table of Contents ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants in Accounting and Financial Statement Disclosures None ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, due to small staff size, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation and due to the lack of segregation of duties due to small Company staff size, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this report. To address the deficiency, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 11 Table of Contents Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the registrant s financial reporting. Management has identified control deficiencies regarding the lack of segregation of duties due to small staff size and the need for a stronger internal control environment. The small size of the Company s staff may prevent adequate controls in the future, such as segregation of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. The Company intends to add additional resources and controls during year 2023 to mitigate the above significant deficiency. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. No Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 12 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our officer and director is as follows: Name Age Position(s) Sam Kwok 58 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director, Secretary and Treasurer Mr. Kwok has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director, Secretary and Treasurer since our inception in August 2019. Prior to founding the Company, he co-founded and served as the managing partner of Precious Resources, an advisory firm that specialized in providing financing solutions to developing precious metals mining companies since 2015. In that role, he has been advising mining companies on various ways to fund their projects. He has had over thirty years of combined experience in the fields of finance, accounting and investment. Mr. Kwok holds a degree in economics from the London School of Economics in the UK and he was a U.S. Certified Public Accountant and a Chartered Alternative Investment Analyst. Term of Office Our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until successors are elected and qualify, subject to prior death, resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Director Independence Our board of directors is currently composed of one member who does not qualify as an independent director as defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule Section 5605(a)(2). Committees Our board of directors does not currently have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee. Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, no officer, director, or persons nominated for these positions has been involved in legal proceedings that would be material to an evaluation of our management. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and all employees. It may be obtained free of charge by writing to Global Gold Royalty, Inc., Attn: Investor Relation, 701 N Green Valley Parkway, Suite 200, Henderson, NV 89074. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth the compensation to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the years ended 2022 and 2021: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Sam Kwok (1) 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 0 0 2021 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -4500- -4500- (1) Appointed Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director on August 23, 2019 at the inception of the Company. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation We do not maintain any nonqualified, deferred compensation plans or arrangements under which our named executive officer is entitled to participate. Long Term Incentive Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers. Employment Agreements We currently do not have an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Kwok. 14 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) Sam Kwok (1) -0- -0- -0- N/A N/A -0- -0- -0- -0- (1) Appointed to his positions on August 23, 2019 at the inception of the Company. Outstanding Equity Awards No grants of stock options or stock awards were made during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to our named executive officer. We have no stock options outstanding. Compensation of Directors Our director presently does not receive monetary compensation for his service on the board of directors. Directors may receive compensation for their services in the future and reimbursement for their expenses as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the board of directors. Limits on Liability and Indemnification Our by-laws provide that our company shall indemnify its officers and directors to the fullest extent allowed by law for any liability including reasonable costs of defense arising out of any act or omission of any officer or director on behalf of the company to the full extent allowed by the laws of the State of Nevada and any amendment to Nevada law, whether effected by the Nevada Revised Statutes or judicial decision or otherwise, which allows for further indemnification of officers or directors after the date of our by-laws automatically adopted by our company without further act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons under the foregoing provisions or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is therefore unenforceable. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information in the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022 by: (i) our officers and directors; (ii) all officers and directors as a group; (iii) each shareholder who beneficially owns more than 5 of any class of our voting securities. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent Sam Kwok (1)(2)(3) 20,000,000 99.22 All Officers and Directors as a Group (1 Person) (3) 20,000,000 99.22 (1) Indicates one of our officers or directors. (2) Unless indicated otherwise, the address of the shareholder is Global Gold Royalty, Inc., 701 N Green Valley Parkway, Henderson, Nevada 89074. (3) 80,000,000 shares pre- reverse stock split and 20,000,000 shares post reverse stock split. We are not aware of any person who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any class of the issuer, other than as set forth above. We are not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified in Section 2(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. There are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. Changes in Control There are no current arrangements which will result in a change in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403(c) of Regulation S-K. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Since Inception on August 23, 2019, there has not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Transactions with Related Parties In order to further its business development, the Company entered into a service agreement with a consultant, Vivian Kwok in April of 2022, whereby she received 360,000 shares (pre reverse stock split and 90,000 shares post reverse split) of the Company at 0.25( 1.0 post reverse stock split) per share in compensation under the arrangement. Prior to the transaction, she owned 21,200 shares of the Company s stock and is a family of our CEO. She agreed to serve the Company for a twelve-month term after retiring from a four decade long banking career. The agreement will expire at the end of March, 2023. In determining compensation for the service, we benchmarked the pay against similar job mandates of other gold royalty companies. In July of 2022, the Company issued a demand promissory note to its CEO. The note bears interest at 12 per annum and is due in two business days after the demand for payment. As of December 31, 2022, the principal balance was 20,000.The interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,200. Other than the above transactions, there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 Regulation S-K. Our director is not deemed independent because he is our single largest shareholder and CEO. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the principal accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year ended Year ended Dec 31, Dec 31, 2022 2021 Audit Fee 8,500 12,650 Audit-Related Fees 1,250 Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 8,500 13,900 Audit Fees Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements and the review of quarterly financial statements included in quarterly reports. Fees paid to WWC, P.C. for the audit of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 8,500 and 3,500. Audit-Related Fees This consists of assurance and related services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. WWC, P.C. was not paid any audit-related fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Tax Fees We did not incur fees for tax compliance, tax advice, or tax planning for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All Other Fees None 17 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibits: 10.1 Consulting Agreement 10.2 Demand Promissory Note 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Global Gold Royalty Inc. Registrant Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok CEO, CFO and Director (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 19 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 global_ex101.htm
 CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
 global_ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 CONSULTING AGREEMENT This CONSULTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated effective as of April 1, 2022 BETWEEN: VIVIAN KWOK, an individual (the Consultant -and- GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC, a company existing under the laws of the State of Nevada in the US (the Company WHEREAS: A. The Company is engaged in the natural resource sector; and B. The Company wishes to retain the consulting services of the Consultant, and the Consultant has agreed to perform the consulting services (as defined below) for the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree and stipulate as follows: 1. Retaining of Consultant The Company retains, as of the date hereof, the Consultant to provide the consulting services detailed below (the Consulting Services to the Company. 2. Provision of the Consulting Services 2.1 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Consultant is authorized to: (a) source potential opportunities in the resource sector, including potential royalties and streams; (b) assist the Company to develop potential opportunities into viable transactions; (c) generate leads in potential sources of financing and assist with the negotiation; (d) advise the CEO of the Company on any matters relating to potential transactions. 2.2 There are no employee/employer relations between the Consultant and the Company. The Consultant shall deem to be an independent contractor and not a member of the Company, unless otherwise expressly authorized to act for, represent, bind or obligate the Company. 3. Term of Agreement 3.1 This Agreement will be in force for a period of twelve (12) months from the Effective Date. 3.2 This Agreement may be terminated at the expiration of the 12- month period should the Company and the Consultant decide not to renew it at the end of the term. 4. Consulting Fee 4.1 As consideration for providing the Consulting Services, the Company will issue the Consultant 360,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.001 each (the Consultant Shares 4.2 The Consultant shall not be entitled to sell or transfer all or any part of the Consultant Shares for a period of six (6) months from the date that the applicable Consultant Shares are issued (the Restricted Period 5. Indemnification 5.1 The Consultant and agents who serve at the request of the Consultant (the Indemnified Party shall not be liable for any claims and actions made, brought or suffered by the Company arising from or in connection with the Consulting Services, unless caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct or breach of this Agreement by the Indemnified Party. 5.2 Expenses reasonably incurred by the Indemnified Party in defense or settlement of any claims that may be indemnified shall be reimbursed by the Company to the extent that the amount shall be bound by a final and non-appealable decision of any court or administrative authority. 2 6. Miscellaneous 6.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, US. 6.2 This Agreement may be amended by the Company and the Consultant only by written agreement signed by the Company and the Consultant. 6.3 The provisions of this Agreement are intended solely for the benefit of the Company and the Consultant. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer any rights to parties other than the Company and the Consultant. 6.4 Headings in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit or extend or otherwise affect the scope or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 6.5 The validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement will not be affected if one or more of the provisions of this Agreement will be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law. Such invalidity or unenforceability shall not invalidate the entire Agreement. In that case, this Agreement shall be construed to omit such invalid or unenforceable term or provision. 6.6 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but both of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the day and year written above. /s/ Sam Kwok /s/ Vivian Kwok Sam Kwok Vivian Kwok Chief Executive Officer Consultant Global Gold Royalty, Inc. 4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 global_ex102.htm
 DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 global_ex102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE U.S. 20,000 Henderson, Nevada July 1, 2022 The undersigned, GLOBAL GOLD ROYALTY INC, a corporation organized under the laws of Nevada (the Company ), hereby promises to pay to the order of Sam Kwok, (the Holder ), the principal sum of Twenty Thousand Dollars 20,000) United States Dollars, together with simple interest from the date hereof on the unpaid balance thereof at 12 per annum, on the date two business days after receipt of demand for payment (such date, the Maturity Date ). Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year or 366-day year as applicable and actual days lapsed. The Company shall have the privilege of prepaying the principal under this Demand Promissory Note (the Note in whole or in part, without penalty or premium at any time. All payments hereunder shall be applied first to interest, then to principal. Interest shall be paid on the last day of each month from the date hereof on the principal at 1 . Payments due hereunder are to be made by wire transfer to such bank account of the Holder as the Holder may from time to time designate, in lawful money of the United States of America. This Note and all amounts outstanding shall immediately and automatically mature and become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or notice, all of which are hereby waived, in the event that the Company files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or an involuntary petition is filed against it and not dismissed within ten days. Neither this Note nor any term hereof may be amended or waived orally or in writing, except that any term of this Note may be amended and the observance of any term of this Note may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with (but only with) the written consent of the Company and the Holder. This Note shall inure to the benefit of the Holder of this Note and the Company and their respective successors and assigns and be binding upon the Holder of this Note and the Company and their respective successors and assigns. Any notice or communication must be given in writing or delivered in person, or by overnight courier, or by facsimile as specified in writing by the Company and the Holder, or at such other address and to the attention of such other person as the Company or the Holder may designate by written notice to the other. Any such notice or communication is effective (a) when received, if delivered in person or by email, or (b) on the next business day, if delivered by overnight courier. The Holder may sell, transfer, assign, encumber or otherwise dispose of this Note in whole or in part, other than as may be prohibited by applicable law. This Note is governed by and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada for contracts made and wholly performed within that state and shall be construed as if drafted equally by the Company and the Holder. The Company hereby submits to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Nevada and the federal courts of the United States sitting in Clark County, and any appellate court from any such state or federal court. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in exercising any power or right hereunder, and no course of dealing between the Company and the Holder of this Note, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. As used in this Note, the term business day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the commercial banks in Henderson, Nevada are authorized or required by applicable law to remain closed. Should any provision of this Note be judicially declared to be invalid, unenforceable or void, such decision will not have the effect of invalidating or voiding the remainder of this Note, and the parties hereto agree that the provision of this Note so held to be invalid, unenforceable or void will be deemed to have been stricken herefrom and the remainder will have the same force and effectiveness as if such provision had never been included herein, provided, however the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to replace the provision so deemed to have been stricken herefrom with a provision that the parties reasonably believe to be valid and enforceable and which has a substantially identical economic and legal effect as the provision so deemed to have been stricken herefrom. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be made, executed and delivered by its duly authorized officer as of the day and year first written above. Maker : Global Gold Royalty Inc. By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok, Chief Executive Officer Date: July 1, 2022 2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 global_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 global_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Sam Kwok, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 global_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 global_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Sam Kwok, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 14, 2023 By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 global_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 global_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Global Gold Royalty Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sam Kwok, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification on April 14, 2023. By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 global_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 global_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Global Gold Royalty Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sam Kwok, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification on April 14, 2023. By: /s/ Sam Kwok Sam Kwok Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 global-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 global-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 global-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 global-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

