<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1853774_0001829126-23-002535.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3980415</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>749218</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1122902</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>786456</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>929993</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002535.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403172217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002535
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853774
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40562
		FILM NUMBER:		23793954

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 WEST 43RD STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-493-6558

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		311 WEST 43RD STREET, 12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002535.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 mountaincrest4_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant was . 

The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s shares of common stock as of April 3, 2023 was , including shares of common stock underlying the units and rights. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 

1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 17 

PART II 

18 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 18 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 19 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 26 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 26 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 27 

PART III 

28 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 28 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 36 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 37 
 
 ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 39 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 40 

PART IV 

41 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 41 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 43 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our refer to MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of
Delaware on March 2, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Although there is no restriction or limitation on what industry
or geographic region our target operates in, it is our intention to pursue prospective targets that are in North America. At the time
of this annual report, we have not identified any specific business combination, nor has anyone on our behalf initiated or engaged in
any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, related to such a transaction. 

Recent Developments 

As previously disclosed, on April 30, 2022,
MCAF entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Merger Agreement ), by and among MCAF, CH AUTO Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company CH AUTO 
or Pubco ), Ch-Auto Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger
Sub and CH-AUTO TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION LTD., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the
 Company ), pursuant to which, among other things, MCAF, Pubco, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger
of Merger Sub with and into MCAF whereby MCAF will be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger in accordance with the Merger Agreement and the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In connection with the Merger, the name of the Surviving Corporation shall
be changed to CH Autotech USA, Inc. Following the Merger, Pubco expects its ordinary shares to be traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. On
December 23, 2022, MCAF disclosed that the parties to the Merger Agreement amended the Merger Agreement by executing an Amended and Restated
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 23, 2022 (the A R Merger Agreement ). All capitalized terms used
herein and not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the A R Merger Agreement. 

On March 1, 2023, MCAF, CH-AUTO, Pubco and Merger
Sub entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the A R Merger Agreement. The Amendment provides that (i) instead
of acquiring at least 90 of the CH AUTO, MCAF would only need to acquire at least 71.2184 of CH AUTO to consummate the Closing, (ii)
immediately after the Closing, Pubco s board of directors (the Post-Closing Pubco Board will consist of five (5)
members, among which one (1) person shall be designated by Sponsor, four (4) persons shall be designated by CH AUTO and at least two (2)
persons of the Post-Closing Pubco Board shall qualify as independent directors under the Securities Act and Nasdaq rules, (iii) modified
the timing of CH AUTO s delivery of the Equityholder Allocation Schedule, (iv) simultaneously with and in exchange for the issuance
of the CH AUTO Merger Consideration, but before the Closing of the Merger, Pubco s subsidiary, CH-Auto (Hong Kong) Limited CH-Auto HK ), or a then-established wholly-owned PRC subsidiary of CH-Auto HK (together with CH-Auto HK, the Holding
Company , as the context may require), shall acquire all the shares of CH AUTO s equity securities (the Company Common
Stock held by each Company Reorganization Stockholder at par value or other value as agreed between the Holding Company and the
Company Reorganization Stockholders (the HK Share Purchase provided however, certain Company Reorganization Stockholders
that are the directors, supervisors or senior executives of the Company (each a DSO Stockholder and together, the DSO
Stockholders shall each transfer up to 25 of the stocks of CH AUTO held by him or her due to restrictions under the PRC laws.
Each DSO Stockholder shall further enter into a voting rights proxy agreement (the Voting Rights Proxy Agreement and an
economic rights transfer agreement (the Economic Rights Transfer Agreement with the Holding Company (the HK Voting
Rights Entrustment ), pursuant to which each DSO Stockholder shall transfer and assign to the Holding Company (i) all of their respective
voting rights in connection with the remaining shares of Company Common Stock held by them (the DSO s Remaining Shares pursuant to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreement and (ii) all of their economic rights, including the right to receive dividends, in connection
the DSO s Remaining Shares, pursuant to the Economic Rights Transfer Agreement. The Pubco Ordinary Shares issued to each DSO Shareholder
in exchange for such DSO s Remaining Shares, shall be subject to restrictions on transfer, conveyance, assignment and further encumbrance
until the DSO Shareholder transfers and conveys the underlying shares of Company Common Stock to the Holding Company. Upon the completion
of the HK Share Purchase, and after giving effect to the HK Voting Right Entrustment (the Reorganization Closing ), the Holding
Company shall (1) have the ability to direct, directly or indirectly, at least 71.2184 of the voting rights of all outstanding equity
securities of CH AUTO entitled to vote, (2) own, directly or indirectly, at least 71.2184 of the economic rights of all the outstanding
equity securities in CH AUTO, and (3) own, directly or indirectly own at least 37.8426 of the then-issued and outstanding equity interests
in CH AUTO; (v) revised the definitions of Company Employee Option and Company FA Option, (vi) CH AUTO shall advance MCAF the aggregate
amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 750,000) in two payments (the Loans to fund the payment of
the expenses incurred, in connection with two (2) extensions of the period of time for MCAF to consummate a business combination and for
working capital for the Company; (vi) in the event CH AUTO funds the initial payment of the Loan, the Outside Date shall be extended from
May 15, 2023 to July 2, 2023, (viii) revised the timing, steps and procedure for the Reorganization and (ix) permitted CH AUTO to convert
outstanding debt from a lender in the amount of RMB 39 million into 15.6 million shares of CH AUTO, at a conversion price of RMB 2.5 per
share. The transactions contemplated by the A R Agreement and the Amendment are collectively referred to as the Business
Combination . 

1 

On March 27, 2023, MCAF extended the time it has
to complete its initial business combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023 by depositing 343,936 in to MCAF s trust account
on March 29, 2023 (the Extension Payment ). CH Auto Technology Corporation Ltd. (the Target loaned MCAF 350,000 to fund the Extension Payment. On March 29, 2023, MCAF issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal
amount of 350,000 (the Note to the Target. Pursuant to the Note, the Target loaned MCAF an aggregate amount of
 350,000 that is due and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which MCAF consummates an initial business combination with a target
business, or (ii) the date MCAF liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event
that MCAF does not consummate a business combination, the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent of funds remaining outside of MCAF s
trust account, if any. In addition, the Note may be converted at the closing of a business combination by MCAF into the its common stock
or ordinary shares, at the Target s option, at a price of 10.00 per share of common stock or ordinary share. The proceeds of the
Note have been used by the Company to make a deposit 343,936 into the trust account to extend the time period for the Company to consummate
its initial business combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal
sum of Fifty Nine Thousand Seven Hundred Ten and 08/100 dollars 59,710.08), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at
the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. If 59,710.08 is paid in full on this promissory note no later than
July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. The promissory note is payable by the Company in
advance without penalty. 

The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the Note does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual A R Merger Agreement, dated December 23, 2022,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2, the Amendment, dated March 1, 2023, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.3, and the Note, dated
March 29, 2023, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.9. 

Our Sponsor and Competitive Advantages 

Our sponsor, Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC, is controlled by Dr. Suying Liu, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who has accumulated broad industry expertise and transaction experience from investing in and operating diverse businesses. 

In November 2019, Dr. Suying Liu co-founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp MCAC ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MCAC. MCAC completed its initial public offering in June 2020, in which it sold 5,749,800 units, each consisting of one share of MCAC common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 57,498,000. On October 1, 2020, MCAC announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Playboy Enterprises, Inc. Playboy ), owner of one of the largest and most recognizable lifestyle brands in the world. On February 9, 2021, MCAC announced that in a special meeting of stockholders held on the same day, its stockholders voted to approve its proposed business combination with Playboy. The business combination was closed on February 10, 2021. As part of the consummation of the business combination, MCAC changed its name to PLBY Group, Inc. The combined company began trading on February 11, 2021, on Nasdaq Global Market under the new ticker symbol PLBY . 

In July 2020, Dr. Suying Liu co-founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II MCAD ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MCAD. MCAD completed its initial public offering in January 2021, in which it sold 5,750,000 units, each consisting of one share of MCAD common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 57,500,000. On April 7, 2021, MCAD announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Better Therapeutics, Inc. Better ), an innovative platform for the development of prescription digital therapeutics for the treatment of diabetes, heart disease, and other cardiometabolic conditions. On October 27, 2021, MCAD announced that in a special meeting of stockholders held on the same day, its stockholders voted to approve its proposed business combination with Better. The business combination was closed on October 28, 2021. As part of the consummation of the business combination, MCAD changed its name to Better Therapeutics, Inc. The combined company began trading on October 29, 2021, on Nasdaq Capital Market under the new ticker symbol BTTX . 

In March 2021, Dr. Suying Liu founded Mountain Crest Acquisition
Corp. III MCAE ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination.
Dr. Liu serves as the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer of MCAE. MCAE completed its initial public
offering in June 2021, in which it sold 5,417,193 units, each consisting of one share of MCAE common stock and one right to receive
one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00
per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 54,171,930. On February 17, 2023, MCAE announced that in a special meeting of stockholders
held on February 7, 2023, its stockholders voted to approve its proposed business combination with ETAO International Group ETAO ).
The business combination was closed on February 17, 2021. As part of the consummation of the business combination, MCAE merged with
and into ETAO International Co., Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company PubCo ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the MCAE,
with PubCo being the surviving corporation in such merger (the Redomestication Merger and (2) ETAO merged
with and into Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, with ETAO as the surviving corporation in such merger (the Acquisition
Merger ). After giving effect to both the Redomestication Merger and the Acquisition Merger, ETAO became a wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo. The combined company began trading on February 21, 2023, on Nasdaq Capital Market under the new ticker symbol ETAO . 

2 

Further, in April 2021, Dr. Suying Liu founded Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V MCAG ), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Dr. Liu serves as the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer of MCAG. MCAG completed its initial public offering in November 2021, in which MCAG sold 6,900,000 units, each consisting of one share of MCAG common stock and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination, for an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of 69,000,000. On October 19, 2022, MCAG entered into a certain agreement and plan of merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement with AUM Biosciences Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company registration number 201810204D (the Company ). On January 27, 2023, MCAG, the Company, AUM Biosciences Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company Holdco ), AUM Biosciences Subsidiary Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated in Singapore, with company registration number 202238778Z and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco Amalgamation Sub ), and AUM Biosciences Delaware Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdco Merger Sub entered into a joinder agreement pursuant to which Holdco, Amalgamation Sub, and Merger Sub joined the Business Combination Agreement as parties. On February 10, 2023, SPAC, the Company, Holdco, Amalgamation Sub, and Merger Sub entered into an amendment to Business Combination Agreement (the Amendment to extend the Outside Date in the Business Combination Agreement from February 15, 2023 to May 15, 2023. 

We believe that our team s expertise and experience in structuring complex transactions, accessing the capital markets, and leading special purpose acquisition corporations, combined with our extensive relationships through a network of advisors and affiliates, will make us a partner of choice for potential business combination targets. We intend to focus our efforts on evaluating business combination targets by leveraging our connections with a variety of family offices, investment funds, and operating businesses. We expect to also take advantage of our sponsor s extended network with Asian consumer markets by enabling potential business combination targets producing quality products in North America to tap into such consumer demand abroad. 

Our Board of Directors and Management 

Our board of directors and management consist of experienced deal makers, operators, and investors. 

Dr.
Suying Liu has been our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Dr. Liu has been a
director of Better Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: BTTX) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp.
II (Nasdaq: MCAD) in October 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II from
July 2020 until it closed its business combination with Better Therapeutics Inc. He has also been a director of Etao
International Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ETAO) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq:
MCAE) on February 17, 2023. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III from
March 2021 until it closed its business combination with Etao International Co., Ltd. He has been serving as the Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Dr.
Liu was a director of PLBY Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLBY) from the closing of its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition
Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) in February 2021 until August 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest
Acquisition Corp from November 2019 until it closed its business combination with PLBY Group, Inc. He served as the Head of
Corporate Strategy of Hudson Capital Inc. (Nasdaq: HUSN) between May 2020 and September 2020, where he led the
company s strategic development for both general operations and specific growth areas. Between November 2018 and
April 2020, Dr. Liu served as the Chief Strategist of Mansion Capital LLC, a privately-held real estate investment firm with
brokerage and property management operations serving clients from both North America and Asia for their investments in the U.S. real
estate market. Prior to joining Mansion Capital, Dr. Liu was an investment strategist at J.P. Morgan Chase Co. from
July 2015 to October 2018, providing investment strategies to major Wall Street institutions spanning private equity,
hedge funds and insurance companies, with a primary focus in commercial mortgages. Dr. Liu began his career in academia, teaching a
variety of degree programs from bachelor s to executive education at Washington University Olin Business School between
January 2013 and May 2015 while completing his doctoral studies, for which he received a PhD in finance in May 2015.
Dr. Liu obtained a master s in finance in December 2012 and his BA in economics and mathematics summa cum laude in
May 2010 from Washington University in St. Louis. 

3 

Mr. Nelson Haight has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. A veteran in the oil and gas industry with over 30 years of professional experience, Mr. Haight currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for Key Energy Services, Inc., which he joined in June 2020. From September 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Element Markets, LLC, an environmental commodities firm. From November 2018 to June 2019, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Epic Companies, LLC, a family office backed oilfield service company. Epic Companies filed for bankruptcy in August 2019. Between July 2017 and September 2018, Mr. Haight was the Chief Financial Officer of Castleton Resources, LLC, a privately held exploration and production company. From December 2011 to July 2017, Mr. Haight served in various capacities from Vice President to Chief Financial Officer at Midstates Petroleum Company, Inc., an exploration and production company founded in 1993 and focused on the application of modern drilling and completion techniques to oil/liquids-prone resources in previously discovered yet underdeveloped hydrocarbon trends. In 2015, Mr. Haight led the team that raised 625 million in new capital for Midstates Petroleum. Midstates Petroleum filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 2016, and Mr. Haight was instrumental in its successful reorganization and emergence from bankruptcy in October 2016. Mr. Haight received an MPA and BBA from the University of Texas at Austin in May 1988 and is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Dr. Todd Milbourn has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Dr. Milbourn is the Vice Dean and Hubert C. and Dorothy R. Moog Professor of Finance at Washington University Olin Business School, where he has researched and built academic programs in the areas of corporate finance, executive compensation and credit ratings since June 2000. With expertise on valuation, corporate finance, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate risk-taking, Dr. Milbourn has been retained as an expert by private firms as well as the U.S. Department of Justice in cases related to fair rates of return, breach of contract damages and executive compensation programs, among others. Dr. Milbourn is also the Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of the Xanthus Fund at Oppenheimer, an asset management company with over 1,000 financial advisors and more than 90 billion assets under administration. Dr. Milbourn obtained his PhD in finance from Indiana University Kelly School of Business in December 1995 and BA in economics and mathematics from Augustana College in May 1991. 

Mr. Wenhua Zhang has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Mr. Zhang has been a Partner at Azia Capital Fund LP, a private investment firm, since October 2014. Mr. Zhang began his career in the financial industry as the Vice President of Equity Research in the technology, media and telecom sector with T. Rowe Price from August 2001 to May 2008, and later joined Bain Capital as Director of the Brookside Fund, a long short equity investments fund, between July 2008 and December 2010. From February 2011 to August 2012, Mr. Zhang was Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Harvard Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvard University charged with managing the university s endowment assets, and then as Partner and Portfolio Manager at Newport Asia LLC between October 2012 and October 2014, investing in Asia s high-growth companies on behalf of clients from institutions, endowments, and family offices. Mr. Zhang received an MBA with dual majors in finance and technology innovation from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. 

4 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our goal is to identify and acquire a business with untapped opportunity for building a public company. We believe that our management s and directors experiences, from evaluating assets through investing and company building, will enable us to source and execute a business combination with high-quality targets. Our selection process will leverage the relationships of our board with leading venture capitalists, private equity and hedge fund managers, respected peers, and our network of investment banking executives, attorneys, and accountants. Together with this network of trusted partners, we intend to capitalize the target business and create purposeful strategic initiatives in order to achieve attractive growth and performance after our initial business combination. 

In particular, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination on private companies in North America that have positive operating cash flow or compelling economics and clear paths to positive operating cash flow, significant assets, and successful management teams that are seeking access to the U.S. public capital markets. Our selection process is expected to leverage our board s deep and broad network of relationships, industry expertise and deal sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. We expect to distinguish ourselves with our ability to: 

Leverage our Extensive Network of Relationships to Create a Unique Pipeline of Acquisition Opportunities. We believe the combination of our sponsor s experience in structuring complex transactions and our ability to access the network of relationships of our board with family offices, corporate executives, founders, family-owned businesses and private equity firms, will enable us to identify and evaluate suitable target businesses in the areas that we deem appropriate. 

Employ Rigor to the Process of Identifying Target Companies and Acquiring a Business that Will be Well-Received by the Public Markets. We believe our board s strong transaction track record, together with their experience in investing in both the private and public markets, will provide a distinct advantage for identifying, valuing and completing a business combination that will meet our investors expectations. 

Capitalize on Our Strategic Position Bridging High-Quality North American Production and Extensive Asian Consumer Demand. We believe the access that our board has to North American private companies producing quality products but lacking distribution, especially to Asian consumers, presents an enormous opportunity when we bring such market channels to these potential business combination targets. Our sponsor s relationships with Asian consumer markets will allow us to create further synergies with target companies in addition to expanded capital and production capacities. 

Investment Criteria 

We intend to focus on companies that possess under-researched and underappreciated asset(s) poised for significant growth once capitalized. 

Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following criteria to evaluate prospective target businesses. Although we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the criteria described below, it is our intention to acquire companies that we believe: 

have a scientific or other competitive advantage in the markets; 

We intend to seek target companies that have significant competitive advantages and underexploited expansion opportunities that can benefit from access to additional capital as well as our industry relationships and expertise. 

are ready to be public, with strong management, corporate governance and reporting policies in place; 

5 

We will seek to identify companies with strong and experienced public-ready management teams. Specifically, we will look for management teams that have a proven track record of value creation for their stockholders. We will seek to partner with a potential target s management team and expect that the operating and investment abilities of our executive team and board will complement their own capabilities. 

will likely be well received by public investors and are expected to have good access to the public capital markets; 

We believe that there are a substantial number of potential target businesses with appropriate valuations that can benefit from a public listing and new capital for growth to support significant revenue and earnings growth. 

are private equity fund portfolio companies or entities held by non-traditional investors in North America, especially in the U.S.; 

According to Pitchbook Data, Inc., U.S. private equity funds raised more than 1.8 trillion from 2006 through 2016 in over 2,700 different funds. As they seek liquidity, particularly in older-vintage portfolios, we believe that there will be a considerable number of portfolio companies available for sale from these private equity firms in the coming years that would benefit from public listings. Additionally, non-traditional control investors such as financial institutions, banks, non-bank lenders, or hedge funds, who do not typically hold and manage private operating assets, may be anxious to divest their non-core holdings. In the event that those types of investors are liquidating or experiencing other pressures, they may need to divest certain holdings. 

have significant embedded and/or underexploited growth opportunities that our team is uniquely positioned to identify and monetize; 

We intend to seek target companies that have significant and underexploited expansion opportunities. This can be accomplished through a combination of accelerating organic growth and finding attractive add-on acquisition targets. Our management team has significant experience in identifying such targets and in helping target management assess the strategic and financial fit. Similarly, our management has the expertise to assess the likely synergies and a process to help a target integrate acquisitions. 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the market; 

We will seek target companies which exhibit value or other characteristics that we believe have been overlooked or misevaluated by the marketplace based on our company-specific analyses and due diligence. For a potential target company, this process will include, among other things, a review and analysis of the company s capital structure, quality of current or future earnings, corporate governance, customers, material contracts, and the industry and trends. We intend to leverage the operational experience and disciplined investment approach of our team to identify opportunities to unlock value that our experience in complex situations allows us to pursue. 

will offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. 

We intend to seek to acquire a target on terms and in a manner that leverage our capital markets and transaction management experience. We expect to evaluate a company based on its potential to successfully commercialize its product(s), both new and under development. We also expect to evaluate financial returns based on opportunities for follow-on acquisitions and other value-creation initiatives. Potential upside, for example, from the growth in the target business s earnings or an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside risks. 

6 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We will have until 12 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we have executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period) to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months and we have not entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination by such date, our insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), provided that, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of our prospectus for the IPO (the Prospectus ), the only way to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination in the absence of a definitive agreement is for our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, to deposit into the trust account 500,000, or 575,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.10 per share in either case, or an aggregate of 1,000,000 (or 1,150,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. In the event that they elected to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposited the applicable amount of money into trust, the insiders would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Any tender offer documents used in connection with a business combination will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

The initial per public share redemption or conversion price will be 10.00 per share. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. 

7 

Pursuant to the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. While the fair market value of the target business must satisfy the 80 test, the consideration we pay the owners of the target business may be a combination of cash (whether cash from the trust account or cash from a debt or equity financing transaction that closes concurrently with the business combination) or our equity securities. The exact nature and amount of consideration would be determined based on negotiations with the target business, although we will attempt to primarily use our equity as transaction consideration. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We will also obtain a fairness opinion from an independent investment banking firm before consummating a business combination with an entity affiliated with any of our officers, directors or insiders. If we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 test. 

As more fully discussed in Management - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. 

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

8 

Stockholder Approval of Business Combination 

In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders (but not our insiders, officers or directors) may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and therefore avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or whether we will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. We anticipate that our business combination could be completed by way of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar transaction. Stockholder approval will not be required under Delaware law if the business combination is structured as an acquisition of assets of the target company, a share exchange with target company stockholders or a purchase of stock of the target company; however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder approval if we seek to issue shares representing 20 or more of our outstanding shares as consideration in a business combination. A merger of our company into a target company would require stockholder approval under Delaware law. A merger of a target company into our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change to our certificate of incorporation, or if the shares issued in connection with the merger exceed 20 of our outstanding shares prior to the merger. A merger of a target company with a subsidiary of our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change in our certificate of incorporation; however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder approval of such a transaction if we week to issue shares representing 20 or more of our outstanding shares as consideration. 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will provide our stockholders with an opportunity to tender their shares to us pursuant to a tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

In the event we allow stockholders to tender their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules, our tender offer will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not purchase public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or Nasdaq requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

permit stockholders to convert their shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide stockholders with the conversion rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

9 

We will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. As a result, if stockholders owning approximately 88 or more of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO exercise conversion rights, the business combination will not be consummated. However, the actual percentages will only be able to be determined once a target business is located and we can assess all of the assets and liabilities of the combined company (which would include the fee payable to the underwriters in an amount equal to 3.0 of the total gross proceeds raised in our IPO, any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our insiders or their affiliates in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations that have not been repaid at that time, as well as any other liabilities of ours and the liabilities of the target business) upon consummation of the proposed business combination, subject to the requirement that we must have at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon closing of such business combination. As a result, the actual percentages of shares that can be converted may be significantly lower than our estimates. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted) and may force us to seek third-party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 12 months from the closing of our IPO (or 15 or 18 months if we have extended the period of time as described in the Prospectus) in order to be able to receive a portion of the trust account. 

Our insiders, including our officers and directors, have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (3) not to sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

Depending on how a business combination was structured, any stockholder approval requirement could be satisfied by obtaining the approval of either (i) a majority of the shares of our common stock that were voted at the meeting (assuming a quorum was present at the meeting), or (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of a business combination and if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, we or our insiders or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. No funds from the trust account can be released from the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination to make such purchases (although such purchases could be made using funds available to us after the closing of a business combination). We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we or our insiders or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Sections 9(a)(2) or 10(b) of the Exchange Act or Regulation M, which are rules that prohibit manipulation of a company s stock, and we and they will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act in connection with any open-market purchases. If purchases cannot be made without violating applicable law, no such purchases will be made. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our insiders anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our insiders or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our insiders or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. 

10 

Conversion Rights 

At any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public stockholder, whether voting for or against such proposed business combination, will be entitled to demand that his or her shares of common stock be converted for a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account (initially 10.00 per share), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or hers or any other person with whom he or she is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 20 or more of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or her, or his or her affiliates. We believe this restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then current market price. By not allowing a stockholder to convert more than 20 of the shares of common stock sold in our IPO, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. 

None of our insiders will have the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to our IPO or purchased by them in our IPO or in the aftermarket. 

We may also require public stockholders who wish to convert, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver his or her shares if he or she wishes to seek to exercise his or her conversion rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a public stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in connection with a blank check company s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her conversion rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a continuing right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the holder delivered its certificate. 

11 

The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder s election to convert his or her shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to convert such shares once made may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered his or her certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation if No Business Combination 

We will have until 12 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we have executed a definitive agreement for an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our IPO but have not completed the initial business combination within such 12-month period) to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months and we have not entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination by such date, our insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), provided that, pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company on the date of our Prospectus, the only way to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination in the absence of a definitive agreement is for our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, to deposit into the trust account 500,000, or 575,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full 0.10 per share in either case, or an aggregate of 1,000,000 (or 1,150,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. In the event that they elected to extend the time to complete a business combination and deposited the applicable amount of money into trust, the insiders would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may deposit the entire amount required. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within such time period, we will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our dissolution and liquidation, the private units will expire and will be worthless. 

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any redemptions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a redemption is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

12 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 12th or 15th or 18th month from the closing of our IPO and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the above procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to seeking to complete an initial business combination, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

We will seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our IPO) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. The underwriters in our IPO will execute such a waiver agreement. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. In the event that a potential contracted party was to refuse to execute such a waiver, we will execute an agreement with that entity only if our management first determines that we would be unable to obtain, on a reasonable basis, substantially similar services or opportunities from another entity willing to execute such a waiver. Examples of instances where we may engage a third-party that refused to execute a waiver would be the engagement of a third-party consultant who cannot sign such an agreement due to regulatory restrictions, such as our auditors who are unable to sign due to independence requirements, or whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or a situation in which management does not believe it would be able to find a provider of required services willing to provide the waiver. There is also no guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our insiders have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below 10.00 per public share, except as to any claims by a third-party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Our board of directors has evaluated our insiders financial net worth and believes they will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that may arise. However, our insiders may not be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations, as we have not required our insiders to retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to ensure that they will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, our insiders will not be liable to our public stockholders and instead will only have liability to us. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than approximately 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount then held in the trust account, inclusive of any interest not previously released to us, (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below). 

If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination and are forced to redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a portion of the funds held in the trust account, we anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate the redemption of our public shares. Our insiders have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their insider shares. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our insiders have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately 15,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses. Each holder of public shares will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the trust account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. 

13 

Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the required time period or if the stockholders seek to have us convert their respective shares of common stock upon a business combination which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. 

If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.00. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. 

Certificate of Incorporation 

If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any insider shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

our charter states that we will not consummate any
 business combination unless it has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon consummation of such business combination and a
 majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within 12 months (or 15 or 18 months, as applicable) the closing of our IPO, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common stock; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

14 

Potential Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each of our insiders has entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to us and our activities prior to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders, although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed to consummate a business combination in the time-frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions relating to our insiders being required to vote in favor of a business combination or against any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The requirement of members of the management team to remain our officer or director until the closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their positions with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating a target business and another management team had a potential target business; 

The restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended to allow transfer to third parties who were not members of our original management team; 

The obligation of our management team to not propose amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; and 

The requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business affiliated with our insiders, in the event it was too expensive to do so. 

Except as specified above, stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes. Such changes could result in: 

Our having an extended period of time to consummate a business combination (although with less in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection with any such extension); 

Our insiders being able to vote against a business combination or in favor of changes to our organizational documents; 

Our operations being controlled by a new management team that our stockholders did not elect to invest with; 

Our insiders receiving compensation in connection with a business combination; and 

Our insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates without receiving an independent valuation of such business. 

We will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example, if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors has fiduciary obligations to us requiring that he or she act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

15 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to convert shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination; 

our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commission to the underwriters upon consummation of our initial business combination; 

our obligation to either repay working capital loans that may be made to us by our insiders or their affiliates; 

our obligation to register the resale of the insider shares, as well as the private units (and underlying securities) and any shares issued to our insiders or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and 

the impact on the target business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial business combination with a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting our initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10036. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee payable to Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC, for office space, utilities and secretarial services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We have one executive officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

16 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration, governmental proceeding or any other legal proceeding currently pending or known to be contemplated against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 10 years preceding the date of this annual report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10036. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000 per-month fee payable to Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC, for office space, utilities and secretarial services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

17 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol MCAFU on May 18, 2021. The common stock and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on June 17, 2021, under the symbols MCAF and MCAFR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,381,022 of our shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding held by 2 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

On July 2, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value Common Stock ), and one right Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 195,000 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 1,950,000. 

Subsequently, on July 6, 2021, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional Units occurred (the Over-Allotment Option Units ). The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 750,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 7,500,000. On July 6, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 15,000 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 150,000. The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

18 

A total of 57,500,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units in the initial public offering (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on July 2, 2021 and July 6, 2021, were placed in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, a total of 57,501,914 was held in the trust account, 57,500,000 of which is the proceeds from the IPO and Private Placement and 1,914 of which was interest income generated by the proceeds in trust. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 2, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

As previously disclosed in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2022, on April 30, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, CH AUTO Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Pubco ), Ch-Auto Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub and CH-Auto Technology Corporation Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the CH Auto ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and CH Auto intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company whereby the Company will be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger in accordance with the Merger Agreement and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In connection with the Merger, the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be changed to CH Autotech USA, Inc. Following the Merger, Pubco expects its ordinary shares to be traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. All capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

19 

Immediately after Pubco s Registration Statement on Form F-4 is declared effective (the Effective Date but no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the Effective Time, CH Auto shall deliver to Pubco and the Company a schedule setting forth the names of each stockholder and such stockholder s respective percentage interest in CH Auto Merger Consideration (the Equityholder Allocation Schedule ). Immediately after the delivery of the Equityholder Allocation Schedule, Pubco shall conduct a reverse stock split (the Pubco Reverse Stock Split of its then issued and outstanding Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares. At the time the Pubco Reverse Stock Split is completed, each Pubco Shareholder who holds Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares immediately before the Pubco Reverse Stock Split (the Pubco Reorganization Shareholder shall automatically receive the corresponding Company Merger Consideration as set forth in the Equityholder Allocation Schedule, without any change in the par value of 0.00001 per share, in exchange for all the Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares held by such Pubco Reorganization Shareholder immediately prior to the Pubco Reverse Stock Split. The corresponding Company Merger Consideration issued to each Pubco Reorganization Shareholder shall be equal to the product of (1) the number of Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares held by such Pubco Reorganization Shareholder immediately prior to the delivery of the applicable Equityholder Allocation Schedule multiplied by (2) the Conversion Ratio. 

Concurrently with the Pubco Reverse Stock Split, by virtue of the Reorganization and without any action on the part of the Company, Merger Sub, CH Auto, or their respective stockholders, Pubco shall issue to each Company stockholder that participates in the Reorganization or each s designee(s) (the Company Reorganization Stockholders, together with the Pubco Reorganization Shareholders, the Reorganization Shareholders the corresponding Company Merger Consideration as set forth in the Equityholder Allocation Schedule at par value per share or other value as determined as part of the Reorganization by the board of directors of Pubco. The corresponding Company Merger Consideration issued to each Company Reorganization Stockholder shall be equal to the product of (1) the number of shares of Company Common Stock held by such Company Reorganization Stockholder on an as-converted and fully-diluted basis immediately prior to the delivery of the applicable Equityholder Allocation Schedule multiplied by (2) the Conversion Ratio. The Company Reorganization Stockholders, other than the founders of CH Auto who shall receive Pubco Class B Ordinary Shares, shall receive Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares. Company Merger Consideration means the sum of all Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares and Pubco Class B Ordinary Shares received by the Reorganization Shareholders. 

Immediately after the issuance of CH Auto Merger Consideration, but before the Closing of the Merger, Pubco s subsidiary, CH-Auto (Hong Kong) Limited CH-Auto HK ), shall acquire all the shares of CH Auto s equity securities (the Company Common Stock held by each Company Reorganization Stockholder at par value or other value as agreed between CH-Auto HK and the CH Auto Reorganization Stockholders (the HK Share Purchase ). Upon the completion of the HK Share Purchase, CH-Auto HK shall directly own no less than ninety percent (90 of the then-issued and outstanding equity interests in CH Auto representing no less than ninety percent (90 of the voting rights of all the outstanding equity interest entitled to vote on matters CH Auto can submit to a vote of its shareholders. 

The Pubco Reverse Stock Split, the HK Share Purchase and the issuance of CH Auto Merger Consideration to the Reorganization Shareholders as described above are collectively referred to herein as the Reorganization. The Reorganization and the Merger Agreement are collectively referred to herein as the Business Combination. The Merger Agreement, as amended, provides, that the outside date for the closing of the Business Combination iis November 15, 2022 the Outside Date ). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

Based upon the execution of the Merger Agreement, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its certificate of incorporation is extended for a period of 6 months from July 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. Any extension beyond January 2, 2023, would require that the Company stockholders approve an amendment to the Company Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to extend the period of time in which he Company may consummate a business combination. 

Subsequently, as approved by its stockholders at the special meeting of Stockholders held on December 15, 2022 (the Special Meeting ), the Company entered into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, on December 15, 2022 (the Trust Amendment ). Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination (the Business Combination Period under the Trust Agreement for a period of 3 months from January 2, 2023 to April 2, 2023, plus an option for the Company to further extend such date to July 2, 2023 and to be further extended to the extent the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended to extend the Business Combination Period. The Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from January 2, 2023, to April 2, 2023 by depositing 581,000 into the trust account on December 16, 2022. 

20 

In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held by the Company on December 15, 2022, 2,432,520 shares were tendered for redemption. 

On December 23, 2022, the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and CH Auto entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the A R Merger Agreement ). Specifically, the A R Merger Agreement amended and modified the Merger Agreement to: (a) provide that all options issued by the Company prior to the Business Combination shall be included in Company Merger Consideration that will be issued in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, (b) extend the date by which Pubco shall secure subscription agreements with investors relating to a purchase of Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares through a private placement, in each case on terms consented by the Company, pursuant to which the aggregate amount of investment is no less than 100,000,000 at the Closing, and (c) update and conform the terms of the Merger Agreement for the passage of time and satisfaction of certain conditions to the Closing of the Merger. 

As previously disclosed, on April 30, 2022,
MCAF entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
the Merger Agreement ), by and among MCAF, CH AUTO Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company CH AUTO 
or Pubco ), Ch-Auto Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger
Sub and CH-AUTO TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION LTD., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the
 Company ), pursuant to which, among other things, MCAF, Pubco, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger
of Merger Sub with and into MCAF whereby MCAF will be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger in accordance with the Merger Agreement and the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In connection with the Merger, the name of the Surviving Corporation shall
be changed to CH Autotech USA, Inc. Following the Merger, Pubco expects its ordinary shares to be traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. On
December 23, 2022, MCAF disclosed that the parties to the Merger Agreement amended the Merger Agreement by executing an Amended and Restated
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 23, 2022 (the A R Merger Agreement ). All capitalized terms used
herein and not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the A R Merger Agreement. 

On March 1, 2023, MCAF, CH-AUTO, Pubco and Merger
Sub entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the A R Merger Agreement. The Amendment provides that (i) instead
of acquiring at least 90 of the CH AUTO, MCAF would only need to acquire at least 71.2184 of CH AUTO to consummate the Closing, (ii)
immediately after the Closing, Pubco s board of directors (the Post-Closing Pubco Board will consist of five (5)
members, among which one (1) person shall be designated by Sponsor, four (4) persons shall be designated by CH AUTO and at least two (2)
persons of the Post-Closing Pubco Board shall qualify as independent directors under the Securities Act and Nasdaq rules, (iii) modified
the timing of CH AUTO s delivery of the Equityholder Allocation Schedule, (iv) simultaneously with and in exchange for the issuance
of the CH AUTO Merger Consideration, but before the Closing of the Merger, Pubco s subsidiary, CH-Auto (Hong Kong) Limited CH-Auto HK ), or a then-established wholly-owned PRC subsidiary of CH-Auto HK (together with CH-Auto HK, the Holding
Company , as the context may require), shall acquire all the shares of CH AUTO s equity securities (the Company Common
Stock held by each Company Reorganization Stockholder at par value or other value as agreed between the Holding Company and the
Company Reorganization Stockholders (the HK Share Purchase provided however, certain Company Reorganization Stockholders
that are the directors, supervisors or senior executives of the Company (each a DSO Stockholder and together, the DSO
Stockholders shall each transfer up to 25 of the stocks of CH AUTO held by him or her due to restrictions under the PRC laws.
Each DSO Stockholder shall further enter into a voting rights proxy agreement (the Voting Rights Proxy Agreement and an
economic rights transfer agreement (the Economic Rights Transfer Agreement with the Holding Company (the HK Voting
Rights Entrustment ), pursuant to which each DSO Stockholder shall transfer and assign to the Holding Company (i) all of their respective
voting rights in connection with the remaining shares of Company Common Stock held by them (the DSO s Remaining Shares pursuant to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreement and (ii) all of their economic rights, including the right to receive dividends, in connection
the DSO s Remaining Shares, pursuant to the Economic Rights Transfer Agreement. The Pubco Ordinary Shares issued to each DSO Shareholder
in exchange for such DSO s Remaining Shares, shall be subject to restrictions on transfer, conveyance, assignment and further encumbrance
until the DSO Shareholder transfers and conveys the underlying shares of Company Common Stock to the Holding Company. Upon the completion
of the HK Share Purchase, and after giving effect to the HK Voting Right Entrustment (the Reorganization Closing ), the Holding
Company shall (1) have the ability to direct, directly or indirectly, at least 71.2184 of the voting rights of all outstanding equity
securities of CH AUTO entitled to vote, (2) own, directly or indirectly, at least 71.2184 of the economic rights of all the outstanding
equity securities in CH AUTO, and (3) own, directly or indirectly own at least 37.8426 of the then-issued and outstanding equity interests
in CH AUTO; (v) revised the definitions of Company Employee Option and Company FA Option, (vi) CH AUTO shall advance MCAF the aggregate
amount of Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 750,000) in two payments (the Loans to fund the payment of
the expenses incurred, in connection with two (2) extensions of the period of time for MCAF to consummate a business combination and for
working capital for the Company; (vi) in the event CH AUTO funds the initial payment of the Loan, the Outside Date shall be extended from
May 15, 2023 to July 2, 2023, (viii) revised the timing, steps and procedure for the Reorganization and (ix) permitted CH AUTO to convert
outstanding debt from a lender in the amount of RMB 39 million into 15.6 million shares of CH AUTO, at a conversion price of RMB 2.5 per
share. The transactions contemplated by the A R Agreement and the Amendment are collectively referred to as the Business
Combination . 

21 

On March 27, 2023, MCAF extended the time it has to complete its initial
business combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023 by depositing 343,936 in to MCAF s trust account on March 29, 2023 (the
 Extension Payment ). CH Auto Technology Corporation Ltd. (the Target loaned MCAF 350,000 to
fund the Extension Payment. On March 29, 2023, MCAF issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 350,000
(the Note to the Target. Pursuant to the Note, the Target loaned MCAF an aggregate amount of 350,000 that is due
and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which MCAF consummates an initial business combination with a target business, or (ii)
the date MCAF liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event that MCAF does not
consummate a business combination, the Note will be forgiven, except to the extent of funds remaining outside of MCAF s trust account,
if any. In addition, the Note may be converted at the closing of a business combination by MCAF into the its common stock or ordinary
shares, at the Target s option, at a price of 10.00 per share of common stock or ordinary share. The proceeds of the Note have
been used by the Company to make a deposit 343,936 into the trust account to extend the time period for the Company to consummate its
initial business combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered and unpaid in the principal
sum of Fifty Nine Thousand Seven Hundred Ten and 08/100 dollars 59,710.08), plus interest applied monthly on any un-paid balance at
the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. If 59,710.08 is paid in full on this promissory note no later than
July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. The promissory note is payable by the Company in
advance without penalty. 

SPAC Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor and the directors of the Company entered into a support agreement, dated April 30, 2022 (the SPAC Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such holders agreed to, among other things, approve the Merger Agreement and the proposed business combination. Each such holder also agreed not to transfer any shares of the Company common stock owned by it unless the transferee executes a joinder agreement that provides that the transferee will become a party to the SPAC Support Agreement. The holders have also agreed not to seek redemption rights. 

Company Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain holders of Company common stock entered into a support agreement, dated April 30, 2022 (the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which such holders agreed to, among other things, approve the Merger Agreement and the proposed business combination. The Company Support Agreement also covers any shares of Pubco common stock or of any successor entity of which ownership of record or the power to vote, directly or indirectly, is subsequently acquired by the stockholder prior to the termination of the Company Support Agreement. Each stockholder that executed the Company Support Agreement also agreed not to transfer any shares subject to the Company Support Agreement (with a limited exception in connection with the Reorganization) prior to the termination of the Company Support Agreement. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 111,447, which consists of operating and formation costs of 749,746 and a provision for income taxes of 136,619, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 774,918. 

For the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 290,431, which consists of operating costs of 292,345, offset by interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,914. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 29, 2021. On July 2, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 5,000,000 units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. 

On July 6, 2021, in connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 750,000 Units for an aggregate amount of 7,500,000. In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over- allotment option, we also consummated the sale of an additional 15,000 Private Placement Units at 10.00 per Private Placement Units, generating total proceeds of 150,000. A total of 7,500,000 was deposited into the Trust Account. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Units, a total of 57,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 523,059. Net loss of 111,447 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 774,918. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 363,306 of cash for operating activities. 

For the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 217,798. Net loss of 290,431 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,914. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 74,547 of cash for operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 34,084,917 (including 776,832 of interest income) consisting of mutual funds which invests in U.S. Treasury securities. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we have withdrawn an amount of 247,881 to pay franchise and income taxes on interest earned from the Trust Account. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 195,100. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete the Merger. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be converted into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

On August 26, 2022, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of 100,000. The Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the date the Company completes its Business Combination or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a Business Combination is not completed. On the maturity date, the Company shall pay in cash an amount equal to the outstanding amount, provided that the Sponsor, in its sole discretion, chose to convert the outstanding amount into Private Placement Units at a conversion price equal to 10.00 per Unit. The proceeds of the note will be used by the Company for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were 100,000 and no Working Capital Loans outstanding, respectively. 

23 

On October 24, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to 100,000 (the Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount up to 100,000 that may be drawn down from time to time and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Company consummates an initial business combination with a target business, or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. In addition, at the written election of the Sponsor the principal amount due under the Note may be converted at the closing of a business combination into private units of the Company identical to the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering at a price of 10.00 per unit. No amounts have been drawn on this promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

On December 21, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to 581,000 (the Note to the Target. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier the date on which Maker consummates a business combination with target businesses, or (ii) the date the Maker liquidates if a business combination is not consummated (the Due Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable by the Maker either: (i) in cash, or (ii) in shares of Maker s common stock (the Conversion Shares ), par value 0.0001, at the Payee s election in writing. Payee may elect to convert any outstanding principal balance into Conversion Shares, at any time when this Note remains outstanding, at a fixed conversion price of 10.00 per share. No amounts have been drawn on this promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

Going Concern 

We have until July 2, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after July 2, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began incurring these fees on July 2 2021, and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, 2,012,500. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Of the 0.35 per Unit, 0.30 will be paid in cash and 0.05 will be paid in an equivalent value of shares. 

24 

The Company engaged BHTIC to act as its M A Advisor to conduct local due diligence for the Company on CH AUTO by entering into the M A Advisory Agreement on April 3, 2022. Pursuant to the M A Advisory Agreement, the Company shall make a payment to BHTIC of an aggregate M A Fee equivalent to 1 of the post-money post-PIPE equity value of CH AUTO in shares of the post-transaction combined company to be issued upon closing of the Transaction at 10 per share. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders deficit. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable public share and loss per non-redeemable share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the public redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to our public stockholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, we split the amount to be allocated using a ratio of 76 and 68 for the Public Shares and 24 and 32 for the non-redeemable shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively, reflective of the respective participation rights. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with the common stock issued were initially charged to temporary equity and then accreted to common stock subject to redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounted to 4,773,824 consisting of 1,150,000 of underwriting fees, 2,012,500 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,611,324 of other offering costs. 4,368,049 was allocated to Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and 405,775 was allocated to public rights and charged to stockholders deficit. 

25 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt -- Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our IPO, the net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

26 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

27 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of March 30, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Suying Liu 
 
 35 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Nelson Haight 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Todd Milbourn 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Wenhua Zhang 
 
 53 
 
 Director 

Dr. Suying Liu has been our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Dr. Liu has been a director of Better Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: BTTX) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) in October 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II from July 2020 until it closed its business combination with Better Therapeutics Inc. He has also been a director of Etao International Co., Ltd. (Nasdaq: ETAO) since it closed its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) in February 17, 2023. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III from March 2021 until it closed its business combination with Etao International Co., Ltd. He has been serving as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Dr. Liu was a director of PLBY Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: PLBY) from the closing of its business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) in February 2021 until August 2021. He was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp from November 2019 until it closed its business combination with PLBY Group, Inc. He served as the Head of Corporate Strategy of Hudson Capital Inc. (Nasdaq: HUSN) between May 2020 and September 2020, where he led the company s strategic development for both general operations and specific growth areas. Between November 2018 and April 2020, Dr. Liu served as the Chief Strategist of Mansion Capital LLC, a privately-held real estate investment firm with brokerage and property management operations serving clients from both North America and Asia for their investments in the U.S. real estate market. Prior to joining Mansion Capital, Dr. Liu was an investment strategist at J.P. Morgan Chase Co. from July 2015 to October 2018, providing investment strategies to major Wall Street institutions spanning private equity, hedge funds and insurance companies, with a primary focus in commercial mortgages. Dr. Liu began his career in academia, teaching a variety of degree programs from bachelor s to executive education at Washington University Olin Business School between January 2013 and May 2015 while completing his doctoral studies, for which he received a PhD in finance in May 2015. Dr. Liu obtained a master s in finance in December 2012 and his BA in economics and mathematics summa cum laude in May 2010 from Washington University in St. Louis. 

Mr. Nelson Haight has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. A veteran in the oil and gas industry with over 30 years of professional experience, Mr. Haight currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for Key Energy Services, Inc., which he joined in June 2020. From September 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Element Markets, LLC, an environmental commodities firm. From November 2018 to June 2019, Mr. Haight was the interim Chief Financial Officer for Epic Companies, LLC, a family office backed oilfield service company. Epic Companies filed for bankruptcy in August 2019. Between July 2017 and September 2018, Mr. Haight was the Chief Financial Officer of Castleton Resources, LLC, a privately held exploration and production company. From December 2011 to July 2017, Mr. Haight served in various capacities from Vice President to Chief Financial Officer at Midstates Petroleum Company, Inc., an exploration and production company founded in 1993 and focused on the application of modern drilling and completion techniques to oil/liquids-prone resources in previously discovered yet underdeveloped hydrocarbon trends. In 2015, Mr. Haight led the team that raised 625 million in new capital for Midstates Petroleum. Midstates Petroleum filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 2016, and Mr. Haight was instrumental in its successful reorganization and emergence from bankruptcy in October 2016. Mr. Haight received an MPA and BBA from the University of Texas at Austin in May 1988 and is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

28 

Dr. Todd Milbourn has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Dr. Milbourn is the Vice Dean and Hubert C. and Dorothy R. Moog Professor of Finance at Washington University Olin Business School, where he has researched and built academic programs in the areas of corporate finance, executive compensation and credit ratings since June 2000. With expertise on valuation, corporate finance, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate risk-taking, Dr. Milbourn has been retained as an expert by private firms as well as the U.S. Department of Justice in cases related to fair rates of return, breach of contract damages and executive compensation programs, among others. Dr. Milbourn is also the Director and Chair of the Audit Committee of the Xanthus Fund at Oppenheimer, an asset management company with over 1,000 financial advisors and more than 90 billion assets under administration. Dr. Milbourn obtained his PhD in finance from Indiana University Kelly School of Business in December 1995 and BA in economics and mathematics from Augustana College in May 1991. 

Mr. Wenhua Zhang has been a member of our board of directors since March 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq: MCAC) from January 2020 to February 2021. He served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. II (Nasdaq: MCAD) from October 2020 to October 2021. And he served as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. III (Nasdaq: MCAE) from March 2021 to February 2023. He has also been serving as a member of the board of directors of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG) since April 2021. Mr. Zhang has been a Partner at Azia Capital Fund LP, a private investment firm, since October 2014. Mr. Zhang began his career in the financial industry as the Vice President of Equity Research in the technology, media and telecom sector with T. Rowe Price from August 2001 to May 2008, and later joined Bain Capital as Director of the Brookside Fund, a long short equity investments fund, between July 2008 and December 2010. From February 2011 to August 2012, Mr. Zhang was Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Harvard Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvard University charged with managing the university s endowment assets, and then as Partner and Portfolio Manager at Newport Asia LLC between October 2012 and October 2014, investing in Asia s high-growth companies on behalf of clients from institutions, endowments, and family offices. Mr. Zhang received an MBA with dual majors in finance and technology innovation from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in May 2001. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors has five members, three of whom are deemed independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Nelson Haight, will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dr. Suying Liu, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our directors may consist of a chairman of the board, and that our officer may consist of chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, executive vice president(s), vice president(s), secretary, treasurer and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. 

29 

Executive Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Until the completion of our initial business combination with a target business, we are paying to Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC, a fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. Other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that within one year of the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market we have at least three independent directors and that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors had determined that Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang are independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

We will only enter into a business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any related-party transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested directors. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee of the board of directors consists of Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, each of whom is an independent director. Dr. Todd Milbourn serves as chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

30 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.\ 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Dr. Todd Milbourn qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee of the board of directors consists of Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang, each of whom is an independent director. Wenhua Zhang serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

31 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. Nelson Haight, Dr. Todd Milbourn and Wenhua Zhang will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

We may not have a compensation committee in place prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Any executive compensation matters that arise prior to the time we have a compensation committee in place will be determined by our independent directors. None of our directors who currently serve as members of our compensation committee is, or has at any time in the past been, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our compensation committee. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

32 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. For example, all of our directors and officers currently serve in management positions for Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V (Nasdaq: MCAG), a special purpose acquisition company incorporated in Delaware. Our directors and officers may continue to involve in the formation of other special purpose acquisition companies in the future. Thus, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. 

Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and other insiders will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account. 

The insider shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame, our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares or private units. Furthermore, SPAChub Global LLC has agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effect our initial business combination. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business, until the earlier of: (1) our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 12 months from the date of the Prospectus (or up to 18 months if we have extended the period of time to complete a business combination as described in the Prospectus). This agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time have to another entity. Accordingly, if any of them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination because in most cases the affiliated companies are closely held entities controlled by the officer or director or the nature of the affiliated company s business is such that it is unlikely that a conflict will arise. 

33 

The following table summarizes the current material pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers, directors and director nominees: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Name of Affiliated Company 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Suying Liu 
 
 Better Therapeutics Inc. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

ETAO International Co., Ltd. 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 Director 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 

Nelson Haight 
 
 Key Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Energy 
 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Director 

Todd Milbourn 
 
 Washington University Olin Business School 
 
 Higher Education 
 
 Vice Dean and Professor 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Director 

Wenhua Zhang 
 
 Azia Capital LP 
 
 Finance 
 
 Partner 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. V 
 
 Special purpose acquisition company 
 
 Director 

Our insiders, including our officers and directors, have agreed to vote any shares of common stock held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to their insider shares and private shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time frame. If they purchase shares of common stock in our initial public offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the amounts held in the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time frame, but have agreed not to convert such shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. 

All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or other insiders, unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time). In no event will our insiders or any of the members of our management team be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

34 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in our certificate of incorporation, such indemnification will not extend to any claims our insiders may make to us to cover any loss that they may sustain as a result of their agreement to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. 

Our bylaws also permits us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. 

These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

35 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We currently pays our sponsor an aggregate fee of 10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our Chief Executive Officer compensation in lieu of a salary. 

Our officers and directors will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review and approve all reimbursements made to our sponsor, officers, directors or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

36 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth as of April 3, 2023 the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of April 3, 2023, we had 5,124,980 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, including shares of common stock underlying the units and rights. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the rights included in the units or the private rights issued pursuant to the Company s initial public offering as these rights are not convertible until consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 

Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC (2) 

1,641,500 

32 

Suying Liu (3) 

1,641,500 

32 

Nelson Haight 

2,000 

Todd T. Milbourn 

2,000 

Wenhua Zhang 

2,000 

All directors and executive officers as a group (4 individuals) 

1,647,500 

32 

Barclays PLC (4) 

436,848 

8.5 

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (5) 

682,952 

13.3 

Linden Capital L.P. (6) 

481,724 

9.4 

Karpus Investment Management (7) 

433,871 

8.5 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, 311 West 43rd Street, 12th Floor, New York, New York 10036. 

(2) 
 Dr. Suying Liu has voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC. 

(3) 
 Consists of shares owned Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC, over which Dr. Suying Liu has voting and dispositive power. 

(4) 
 Based on information provided in an amended Schedule 13G filed on February 8, 2022. The securities being reported on by Barclays PLC, as a parent holding company, are owned, or may be deemed to be beneficially owned, by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC is a non-US banking institution registered with the Financial Conduct Authority authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. Barclays Capital Inc., a Connecticut business entity, owns 245,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The address of the principal office of Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. The address of the principal office of Barclays Capital Inc. is 745 Seventh Ave, New York, NY 10019. 

(5) 
 Based on information provided in a Schedule 13G filed on January 10, 2023. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP serves as the investment manager to HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP, in whose name the securities are held. As such,Hudson Bay Capital Management LP may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all securities aforementioned held by HB Strategies LLC and Hudson Bay SPAC Master Fund LP. Sander Gerber serves as the managing member of Hudson Bay Capital GP LLC, which is the general partner of the Hudson Bay Capital Management LP. Mr. Gerber disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities. The address of the principal office of Hudson Bay Capital Management LP and Sander Gerber is 28 Havemeyer Place, 2nd Floor, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830. 

37 

(6) 
 Based on information provided in an amended Schedule 13G filed on January 30, 2023. Each of Linden Advisors LP and Mr. Siu Min Wong may be deemed the beneficial owner of 511,333 shares of the Company s common stock. This amount consists of 481,724 shares of the Company s common stock held by Linden Capital L.P. and 29,609 Shares held by separately managed accounts. As of December 31, 2022, each of Linden GP LLC and Linden Capital L.P. may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 481,724 Shares held by Linden Capital. The principal business address for Linden Capital is Victoria Place, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM10, Bermuda. The principal business address for each of Linden Advisors, Linden GP and Mr. Wong is 590 Madison Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 

(7) 
 Based on information provided in an amended Schedule 13G filed on January 10, 2023. Karpus Management, Inc. Karpus ), d/b/a Karpus Investment Management, is a registered investment adviser under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Karpus is controlled by City of London Investment Group plc CLIG ), which is listed on the London Stock Exchange. However, in accordance with SEC Release No. 34-39538 (January 12, 1998), effective informational barriers have been established between Karpus and CLIG such that voting and investment power over the subject securities is exercised by Karpus independently of CLIG, and, accordingly, attribution of beneficial ownership is not required between Karpus and CLIG. The Company s shares of Common Stock are owned directly by the accounts managed by Karpus. The address of the principal office of Karpus is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 

All of the founder shares issued pursuant to our IPO are placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent, until (1) with respect to 50 of the founder shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50 of the founder shares, one year after the date of our consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the initial business combination, we consummates a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) among our initial stockholders or to our initial stockholders members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holder s stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founder shares. 

Our insiders, officers and directors may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into units at a price of 10.00
per unit. The units would consist of one share of our common stock and one warrant, which common stock and rights would be identical
to the common stock and rights included in the private units. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may
use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no other proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. 

38 

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On March 2, 2021, the Company issued 1,437,500 shares of common stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. The 1,437,500 Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares). As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on July 6, 2021, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50 of the Founder Shares, six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on July 2, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Company may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by the Company s Audit Committee that the Company lacks sufficient funds held outside the Trust Account to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with a Business Combination. For the period from March 2, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 60,000 in fees for these services. 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

On March 3, 2021 the Company issued the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of 500,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The note was paid in full on July 2, 2021. The Company can no longer borrow against this note. 

39 

ITEM 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The firm of UHY LLP, or UHY, currently acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to UHY for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 56,445 and 69,785, respectively, for the services UHY performed in connection with the review of our quarterly reports and the audit of the financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firms did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were 4,625 and 0, respectively, for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were 43,080 and 0 in fees, respectively, provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company and UHY Advisors/UHY
LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, entered into an unsecured promissory note for services rendered
and unpaid in the principal sum of Fifty Nine Thousand Seven Hundred Ten and 08/100 dollars 59,710.08), plus interest applied monthly
on any un-paid balance at the rate of eight (8 percent per year until such sum is fully paid. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

40 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-21 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

41 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement dated April 30, 2022 by and between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, CH-Auto Technology Corporation, Ltd. CH-Auto Technology Corporation, Ltd., and Wensheng Liu, in his capacity as the Company Shareholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 23, 2022 by and between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, CH Auto Technology Corporation Ltd., CH Auto, Inc. and CH Auto Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 23, 2022) 
 
 2.3 

Amendment, dated March 1, 2023, to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 23, 2022 by and between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, CH Auto Technology Corporation Ltd., CH Auto, Inc. and CH Auto Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 6, 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp., IV dated December 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 SPAC Stockholder Support Agreement dated as of April 30, 2022, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, CH-AUTO INC., CH-AUTO TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION, LTD., and certain holders of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV s common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Company Support Agreement dated as of April 30, 2022, by and among CH-AUTO INC., CH-AUTO TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION, LTD. and Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV, and certain holders of the equity intersts of CH-AUTO TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION, LTD. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Company Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Promissory Note between the registrant and Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 29, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Promissory Note between the registrant and Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 27, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company dated December 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 16, 2022) 

42 

10.8 
 
 Form of Promissory Note between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV and CH Auto Technology Corporation, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 21, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Promissory Note in the principal amount of 350,000 between Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV and CH Auto Technology Corporation, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 29, 2023) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Registrant and each of the initial stockholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated June 29, 2021, among the Registrant, and the directors and officers of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on July 2, 2021) 
 
 10.17 

Promissory Note issued by UHY Advisors/UHY LLP to Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV on March 31, 2023 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 10, 2021) 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not Applicable. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Suying Liu 

Name: 
 Suying Liu 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Suying Liu 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal executive officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer), and
 Chairman 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Suying Liu 

/s/ Nelson Haight 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Nelson Haight 

/s/ Todd Milbourn 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Todd Milbourn 

/s/ Wenhua Zhang 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Wenhua Zhang 

44 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

 Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing transaction and the Company s cash and working capital as December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 3 ,
2023 

F- 2 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Cash and marketable securities held
 in the Trust Account 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

- 

Convertible note 

- 

Convertible note - related party 

- 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Redeemable Common Stock 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 

Additional paid-in capital 

- 

- 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period from March 2, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

() 

- 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, common stock, non-redeemable 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock, non-redeemable 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 2, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Additional 

Total 

Common Shares 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance - March 2, 2021 (Inception) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock to Sponsor (1) 

- 

Measurement of redeemable shares 

- 

- 

- 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

- 

- 

- 

Offering costs 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Sale of 210,000 Private Units 

- 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

- 

Accretion of common shares to redemption amount 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

() 

() 

Accretion of common shares to redemption amount 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

() 

() 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

MOUNTAIN CREST ACQUISITION CORP. IV 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Period from March 2, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

- 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

- 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

- 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

- 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor 

- 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

- 

() 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory note 

- 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

- 

Redemption of common stock 

() 

- 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net Change in Cash 

() 

Cash beginning of period 

- 

Cash end of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

- 

Offering costs paid through promissory note 

- 

Prepaid expenses paid through promissory note 

- 

Initial Measurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

- 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

- 

Accretion to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold, the Public Shares at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in a private placement to Mountain Crest Holdings IV LLC (the Sponsor and Network 1 Securities, Inc. generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 2, 2021, an amount of 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account as described below. 

On July 6, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, resulting in an additional Units issued for an aggregate amount of . In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Units at per Private Placement Units, generating total proceeds of . A total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to . 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs (which includes of Representative Shares. See Note 7). 

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and net of amounts previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (initially 10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

Pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination provided the Company has net tangible assets of at least immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor has agreed to (a) vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares held by it in favor of a Business Combination and (b) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any such shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Sponsor has agreed to (i) waive its redemption rights with respect to Founder Shares, Private Shares and any Public Shares it may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders an opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions with respect to any Public Shares acquired if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidates within the Combination Period (defined below). 

The Company initially had until July 2, 2022 to consummate a Business Combination, however, based upon the execution of the Merger Agreement on April 30, 2022, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its certificate of incorporation was extended for a period of 6 months from July 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023 (Note 6). Subsequently, as approved by its stockholders at the special meeting of Stockholders held on December 15, 2022 (the Special Meeting ), the Company entered into an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, on December 15, 2022 (the Trust Amendment ). Pursuant to the Trust Amendment, the Company has the right to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination (the Business Combination Period under the Trust Agreement for a period of 3 months from January 2, 2023 to April 2, 2023, plus an option for the Company to further extend such date to July 2, 2023 and to be further extended to the extent the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is amended to extend the Business Combination Period. The Company extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from January 2, 2023, to April 2, 2023 by depositing into the trust account on December 16, 2022. On March 27, 2023, the Company further extended the time it has to complete its initial business combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023 by depositing in to the trust account on March 29, 2023 (Note 10). 

 In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held by the Company on December 15, 2022, shares were tendered for redemption. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Private Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or any of its respective affiliates acquire Public Shares after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit 10.00). 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of cash held outside its Trust Account for use as working capital (the Working Capital ). 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans, as defined below (see Note 5). 

On August 26, 2022, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of . The Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the date the Company completes its Business Combination or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a Business Combination is not completed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were and Working Capital Loans outstanding, respectively. 

On October 24, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to 100,000 (the Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount up to that may be drawn down from time to time and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Company consummates an initial business combination with a target business, or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. In addition, at the written election of the Sponsor the principal amount due under the Note may be converted at the closing of a business combination into private units of the Company identical to the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering at a price of per unit. No amounts have been drawn on this promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

On December 21, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to (the Note to the Target. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier the date on which Maker consummates a business combination with target businesses, or (ii) the date the Maker liquidates if a business combination is not consummated (the Due Date ). The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. The principal balance shall be payable by the Maker either: (i) in cash, or (ii) in shares of Maker s common stock (the Conversion Shares ), par value 0.0001, at the Payee s election in writing. Payee may elect to convert any outstanding principal balance into Conversion Shares, at any time when this Note remains outstanding, at a fixed conversion price of per share. No amounts have been drawn on this promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

On March 29, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to CH AUTO. Pursuant to the Note, CH AUTO loaned
the Company an aggregate amount of that is due and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Company consummates an initial
business combination with a target business, or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The
Note does not bear interest. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Note will be forgiven, except
to the extent of funds remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. In addition, the Note may be converted at the closing
of a business combination by the Company into the Company s common stock or ordinary shares, at CH AUTO s option, at a price
of per share of common stock or ordinary share. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by April 2, 2023, then the Company may cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after July 2, 2023. 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

shares were tendered for redemption. 

Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value of per share and per, respectively, as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stocks to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stocks resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the common stock reflected in the balance sheets are reconciled in the following table: 

Less: 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

() 
 
 Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 

Less: 

Redemptions of Common stock on December 15, 2022 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 

consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. These were charged to stockholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. was allocated to Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to public rights and charged to stockholders deficit. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to . The tax provision for the period from March 2, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021 was deemed to be de minimis. 

for the redeemable Public Shares and for the non-redeemable shares for the year ended December 31, 2022, reflective of the respective participation rights. 

The earnings per share presented in the statements of operations is based on the following: 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

- 

- 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

() 

() 

In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on July 2, 2021, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. These shares were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding until they were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the Company s earnings. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

Units, inclusive of Units sold to the underwriters on July 6, 2021 upon the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one right Public Right ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination (see Note 6). 

In connection with the stockholders vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held by the Company on December 15, 2022, shares were tendered for redemption. 

Private Units, at a price of per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. On July 6, 2021, the Sponsor also agreed to purchase an additional Private Units, at a price of per Private Unit, or in the aggregate in connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock Private Share and one right Private Right ). Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock at the closing of a Business Combination. The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares). As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on July 6, 2021, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50 of the Founder Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of the Founder Shares, six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier in each case if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing on July 2, 2021 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Company may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by the Company s Audit Committee that the Company lacks sufficient funds held outside the Trust Account to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with a Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. For the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and paid 60,000 in fees for these services Amounts incurred for these services is included in operating and formation costs in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Promissory Notes Related Parties 

On March 3, 2021 the Company issued the Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The note was paid in full on July 2, 2021. The Company can no longer borrow against this note. 

Convertible Note Related Party 

On August 26, 2022, the Company issued the Convertible Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate amount of . The Convertible Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the date the Company completes its Business Combination or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a Business Combination is not completed. On the maturity date, the Company shall pay in cash an amount equal to the outstanding amount, provided that the Sponsor, in its sole discretion, chose to convert the outstanding amount into Private Placement Units at a conversion price equal to per Unit. The proceeds of the note will be used by the Company for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were 100,000 and no Working Capital Loans outstanding, respectively. 

On October 24, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to (the Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount up to 100,000 that may be drawn down from time to time and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which Company consummates an initial business combination with a target business, or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a business combination is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. In addition, at the written election of the Sponsor the principal amount due under the Note may be converted at the closing of a business combination into private units of the Company identical to the public units issued in the Company s initial public offering at a price of per unit. have been drawn on this promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, as may be required Working Capital Loans ). Each Working Capital Loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The Working Capital Loans would either be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the holder s discretion, up to of the Working Capital Loans may be converted into Private Units at a price of 10.00 per unit. The Private Units would be identical to the Private Units. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. 

 and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the Initial Public Offering and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, . The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Of the per Unit, will be paid in cash and 0.05 will be paid in an equivalent value of shares. 

Contingent Fees 

In connection with the closing of the initial business combination, the Company has agreed to pay 50,000 to its initial public offering legal counsel as deferred initial public offering fees. In the event the Business Combination is not completed, no deferred initial public offering amounts would be due. 

The Merger Agreement 

On April 30, 2022, the Company entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, CH AUTO Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Pubco ), Ch-Auto Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub and CH-Auto Technology Corporation Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China (the CH Auto ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and CH Auto intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company whereby the Company will be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco (the Merger in accordance with the Merger Agreement and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In connection with the Merger, the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be changed to CH Autotech USA, Inc. Following the Merger, Pubco expects its ordinary shares to be traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. All capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement. 

Based upon the execution of the Merger Agreement, the period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its certificate of incorporation was extended for a period of 6 months from July 2, 2022 to January 2, 2023. 

M A Advisory Agreement 

The Company engaged Beijing Haohan Tianyu Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. BHTIC to act as its M A Advisor to conduct local due diligence for the Company on CH AUTO by entering into the M A Advisory Agreement on April 3, 2022. Pursuant to the M A Advisory Agreement, the Company shall make a payment to BHTIC of an aggregate M A Fee (the M A Fee equivalent to 1 of the post-money post-PIPE equity value of CH AUTO in shares of the post-transaction combined company to be issued upon closing of the Transaction at 10 per share. 

A R Merger Agreement 

On December 23, 2022, the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub and CH Auto entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the A R Merger Agreement ). Specifically, the A R Merger Agreement amended and modified the Merger Agreement to: (a) provide that all options issued by the Company prior to the Business Combination shall be included in Company Merger Consideration that will be issued in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, (b) extend the date by which Pubco shall secure subscription agreements with investors relating to a purchase of Pubco Class A Ordinary Shares through a private placement, in each case on terms consented by the Company, pursuant to which the aggregate amount of investment is no less than 100,000,000 at the Closing, and (c) update and conform the terms of the Merger Agreement for the passage of time and satisfaction of certain conditions to the Closing of the Merger. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and of common stock subject to possible redemption which are presented as temporary equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Rights Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will automatically receive upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a Public Right converted all shares held by him, her or it in connection with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with respect to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business Combination, each holder of a Public Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each Public Right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of Public Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of Public Rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result, the holders of the Public Rights must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of the holders rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Rights, and the Public Rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the Public Rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Representative Shares 

The Company issued to Network 1 Financial Securities, Inc. and/or its designees shares of common stock (the Representative Shares ). The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost related to the Initial Public Offering, resulting in a charge directly to stockholder s equity. The Company estimates the fair value of Representative Shares to be based upon the offering price of the Units of per Unit. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA s National Association of Securities Dealers NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. 

Startup/Organization expenses 

Total deferred tax assets (liability) 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax assets (liability), net of allowance 

- 

- 

The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 consists of the following: 

- 

Deferred benefit 

() 

() 

State 

Current 

- 

- 

Deferred 

- 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

- 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets (liability) will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets (liability) is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets (liability), projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets (liability) and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change in the valuation allowance was . For the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 2, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 is as follows: 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

- 

- 

Merger Acquisitions: Expenses 

- 

Interest Penalties 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Income tax provision 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 

in cash and 
in a mutual fund that is invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2022, the Company withdrew 
of the interest earned on the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

At December 31, 2021, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of in a mutual fund that is invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Through December 31, 2021, the Company did t withdraw any of the interest earned on the Trust Account. 

The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Marketable securities held in Trust Account - Mutual Fund 
 
 1 

in two payments (the Loans to fund the payment of the expenses incurred, in connection with two (2) extensions of the period of time for the Company to consummate a business combination and for working capital for the Company; (vi) in the event CH AUTO funds the initial payment of the Loan, the Outside Date shall be extended from May 15, 2023 to July 2, 2023, (viii) revised the timing, steps and procedure for the Reorganization and (ix) permitted CH AUTO to convert outstanding debt from a lender in the amount of RMB 39 million into 15.6 million shares of CH AUTO, at a conversion price of RMB 2.5 per share. The transactions contemplated by the A R Agreement and the Amendment are collectively referred to as the Business Combination. 

CH Auto Technology Corporation Ltd., the target
company to the Company s proposed business combination loaned the Company to fund the Extension Payment. On March 29, 2023,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the Note to CH AUTO. Pursuant
to the Note, CH AUTO loaned the Company an aggregate amount of that is due and payable on the earlier of: (i) the date on which
Company consummates an initial business combination with a target business, or (ii) the date the Company liquidates if a business combination
is not consummated. The Note does not bear interest. In the event that the Company does not consummate a business combination, the Note
will be forgiven, except to the extent of funds remaining outside of the Company s trust account, if any. In addition, the Note
may be converted at the closing of a business combination by the Company into the Company s common stock or ordinary shares, at
CH AUTO s option, at a price of per share of common stock or ordinary share. 

The proceeds of the Note have been used by the
Company to make a deposit into the Trust Account to extend the time period for the Company to consummate its initial business
combination from April 2, 2023 to July 2, 2023. 

F- 21 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 mountaincrest4_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company, 
 we, us, or our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
and rights. 

The
following description of the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies
of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed
as an exhibit. 

General 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001. As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 5,124,980 shares of common stock are issued or outstanding. The following description
summarizes all of the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is
important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which
are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Units 

Each
unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one right. Each right entitles the holder thereof
to receive one- tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, we will not
issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole
share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. As a result, stockholders must hold rights
in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of their rights upon closing of a business combination. 

Common
Stock 

Our
holders of record of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In
connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to the Company s IPO, including both the insider shares
and the private shares, and any shares acquired in the IPO or in the open market, in favor of the proposed business combination. 

We
will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in
favor of the business combination. 

Pursuant to our certificate of
incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (or 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we have executed a definitive agreement for an initial
business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering but have not completed the initial business
combination within such 12-month period), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and
(iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares and
private shares. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months
and we have not entered into a definitive agreement for an initial business combination by such date, our insiders or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional
three months each time (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), provided that, pursuant to the terms of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and certain trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company, the only way to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination in the
absence of a definitive agreement is for our insiders or their affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable deadline, to deposit into the trust account 500,000, or 575,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in
full 0.10 per share in either case, or an aggregate of 1,000,000 (or 1,150,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in
full)), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. In the event that they elected to extend the time to complete a business
combination and deposited the applicable amount of money into trust, the insiders would receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured
promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business
combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation
of our initial business combination, or, at the relevant insider s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business
combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our shareholders have approved the issuance of the private
units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination. In the event that we receive notice from our insiders five days prior to the applicable deadline of
their intent to effect an extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the
applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not
the funds had been timely deposited. Our insiders and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to
extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that some, but not all, of our insiders, decide
to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination, such insiders (or their affiliates or designees) may
deposit the entire amount required. 

Our
stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have
their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business
combination and the business combination is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to
complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, converting
stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or
the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is
not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Rights
included as part of units 

Except
in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one- tenth
(1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted
all shares of common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate
of incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion
of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order
to receive the one- tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional shares of common stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held
by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity,
the definitive agreement will provide
for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We
will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result,
you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no
contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination.
Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business
combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size
of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to
the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the number of insider shares at approximately 20.0 of our issued and
outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of our initial public offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our
ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our securities and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State Street,
New York, New York 10004. 

Listing
of our Securities 

Our
units, common stock and rights trade separately on Nasdaq under the symbols MCAFU, MCAF and MCAFR, 
respectively. The common stock will not trade separately unless and until we consummate an initial business combination. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, regulating corporate takeovers upon completion
of our initial public offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a
 business combination with: 

a
 stockholder who owns 10 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an
 affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an
 associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our
 board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
 of the transaction; 

after
 the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
 least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common
 stock; or 

on or subsequent
 to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our
 stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned
 by the interested stockholder. 

Exclusive
Forum Selection 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum
for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation,
(ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to
the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers
or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the GCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or
(iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or
claim arising under the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 

Staggered
board of directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most
circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by resolution of the board of directors, or by the Chairman
or the President. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders.
Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.17>
 3
 mountaincrest4_ex10-17.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.17

Exhibit
10.17 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Principal
Amount: 59,710.08 

 Date:
March 31, 2023 

 New
York, New York 

On
demand, for valuable consideration given to Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (hereinafter Maker ), Maker does hereby
promise to pay to UHY Advisors/UHY LLP, (hereinafter Holder ), at 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 38 th Floor, New
York, NY 10036, the principal sum of Fifty Nine Thousand Seven Hundred Ten and 08/100 dollars 59,710.08), plus interest applied monthly
on any un-paid balance at the rate of eight (8 percent per year until fully paid per the payment terms specified in this note. 

Said
sum represents the un-paid balance due incurred by Maker for services provided by Holder as evidenced by UHY LLP invoices 550419010,
550422372, 550423250, 550424032, 550425025, and 550426703 and UHY Advisors invoice 620425666. If 59,710.08 is paid in full on this Note
no later than July 31, 2023, all accrued finance charges on this promissory note will be forgiven. 

If
the sum of payments of 59,710.08 is not received timely, per the above conditions, the un-paid balance of the 59,710.08 principal plus
accrued interest will be immediately due and all payments made on this Note will be first applied to accrued interest charges and then
to principal and the note will be in default; and Maker waives presentment, demand, notice of protest, non-payment and dishonor. 

EVENTS
OF DEFAULT/ACCELERATION . If any of the following events occur: 

1. TIME
 IS OF THE ESSENCE WITH REGARD TO PAYMENT . If any payment or principal called for in this
 Promissory Note is not received upon the due date, or if any check shall be returned by Maker s
 bank for any reason whatsoever, such activity shall constitute default of Maker in the terms
 of this Promissory Note. Upon such a default, the Holder may, at its option and without notice
 to any other, declare the entire unpaid principal balance due and payable, together with
 interest at the highest legal rate available in the State of New York, and together with
 reimbursement of all costs and actual attorney fees incurred in the collection thereof. Upon
 such a default and acceleration, interest shall begin on the accelerated balance due from
 the first day of such default until paid in full. In the event of default, the Holder shall
 have the right to exercise any and all legal remedies available to the Holder. 

2. Should
 the Maker be adjudicated a bankrupt or be declared insolvent, or make a general assignment
 for the benefit of creditors, or should any Receiver or Trustee be appointed for the business
 or property of the Maker; then the Holder may, at its option and without notice to any other,
 declare the entire unpaid principal balance due and payable, together with interest at the
 highest legal rate available in the State of New York, and together with reimbursement of
 all costs and actual attorney fees incurred in the collection thereof. Upon such a default
 and acceleration, interest shall begin on the accelerated balance due from the first day
 of such default until paid in full. In the event of default, the Holder shall have the right
 to exercise any and all legal remedies available to the Holder. 

WAIVER .
No delay or omission on the part of the Holder in exercising any right shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right under
this Note. A waiver on one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to, or waiver of, any such right and/or remedy on any future occasion. 

WAIVER
OF PRESENTATION . Maker hereby waives presentation for payment, demand, notice on non- payment, protest, and all other demands and
notices required by law (statutory or otherwise), expressly excepting all notices specified in the Promissory Note. 

MISCELLANEOUS .
This Note shall be binding on the Maker and its respective successors and shall inure to the benefit of the Holder, its successors and
assigns. This Note is delivered in the State of New York and is governed by New York law. Section headings are for the convenience of
reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of the Note. 

In
WITNESS THEREOF, Maker has this 31st day of March 2023, signed on its behalf. 

Principal amount due, 59,710.08 

Dr. Suying Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV 

311 W 43 rd St,
 12 th Floor 

New York, NY 10036 

Signature and date 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 mountaincrest4_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Suying Liu, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

/s/
 Suying Liu 

Suying
 Liu 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 mountaincrest4_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Suying Liu, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

/s/
 Suying Liu 

Suying
 Liu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 mountaincrest4_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Suying Liu, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

/s/
 Suying Liu 

Suying
 Liu 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 mountaincrest4_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp. IV (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Suying Liu, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the
 Company. 

Date:
 April 3, 2023 

/s/
 Suying Liu 

Suying
 Liu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 mcafu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 mcafu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 mcafu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 mcafu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

