<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230419_10-K_edgar_data_1066923_0001213900-23-031057.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10468479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>457460</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2886447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2279104</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2314351</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2266330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-031057.hdr.sgml : 20230419
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230419164549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-031057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230419
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230419

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Future FinTech Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066923
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				980222013
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34502
		FILM NUMBER:		23830496

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		AMERICAS TOWER, 1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERI
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-622-1218

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		AMERICAS TOWER, 1177 AVENUE OF THE AMERI
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5100
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SkyPeople Fruit Juice, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080610

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENTECH ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040323

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYBER PUBLIC RELATIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-031057.txt : 20230419

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_futurefintech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Transition Period from _________ to _________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy statement or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. Yes No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of voting and nonvoting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, based upon the closing price of 0.42 per share for shares of the registrant s Common Stock on June 30, 2022,
the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Market,
was approximately million. (The Company effected a 1 for 5 reverse stock split on February 1, 2023) 

The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 12, 2023
was . 

FUTURE FINTECH GROUP INC. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 33 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 55 
 
 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 
 55 
 
 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 55 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 55 
 
 PART II 
 5 6 
 
 ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
 EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 56 
 
 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 
 57 
 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 58 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
 ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 6 8 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
 DATA 
 68 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
 ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 68 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 68 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 69 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
 THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 69 
 
 PART III 
 70 
 
 ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 70 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 74 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
 OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 78 
 
 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
 TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 79 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 79 
 
 PART IV 
 81 
 
 ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
 SCHEDULES 
 81 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 84 

i 

NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 Annual Report of Future Fintech Group, Inc. (together with our direct or indirect subsidiaries,
 we, us, our , the Company or Future FinTech includes forward-looking
statements regarding, among other things, Future FinTech s plans, strategies and prospects, both business and financial. Although
Future FinTech believes that its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, Future FinTech cannot assure you that we will achieve or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, without limitation, the factors described under
 Risk Factors from time to time in Future FinTech s filings with the SEC. Many of the forward-looking statements
contained in this presentation may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believe , expect ,
 anticipate , should , planned , will , may , intend , estimated ,
 aim , on track , target , opportunity , tentative , positioning ,
 designed , create , predict , project , seek , would ,
 could , continue , ongoing , upside , increases and potential ,
among others. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this
presentation are set forth in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, and include, but are not limited
to: 

fluctuations in the supply of products from our suppliers; 

the expected growth of the online retail and supply chain industries
 in China, asset management business in Hong Kong and global financial technology industry; 

changes in general economic conditions and conditions adversely affecting
 the businesses in which Future FinTech is engaged; 

changes in U.S., China and global financial and equity markets, including
 market disruptions and significant interest rate fluctuations, which may impede our access to, or increase the cost of, external
 financing for our operations and investments; 

our success in implementing our business strategy, integrating the
 business that we have recently acquired and introducing new products and services; 

our ability to attract and retain customers; 

changes in tastes and preferences for, or the consumption of, our products
 and services; 

impact of competitive activities on our business; 

the result of future financing efforts; 

risks associated with the adverse effects of COVID-19 pandemic globally; 

risks associated with conducting business internationally and especially
 in the People s Republic of China PRC , or China ), including currency fluctuations and devaluation,
 currency restrictions, local laws and restrictions and possible social, political and economic instability; and 

change of laws and regulations of blockchain technology and its application
 to business; 

other economic, financial and regulatory factors beyond the Company s
 control. 

Any or all of our forward-looking statements
in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks
or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially as a result
of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report.
In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will
in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect subsequent events, changed circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by law. 

ii 

Future Fintech Group, Inc. is a holding company
incorporated in Florida and it is not an operating company. As a holding company with no material operations of its own, the Company conducts
its business through its subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity (VIE) Cloud Chain E-Commerce
(Tianjin) Co., Ltd. E-Commerce Tianjin ). The Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes. It
is the holding company that the investors will hold an interest. 

Unless otherwise stated, as used in this report
 we, us, Company, our, or Future FinTech refers to Future FinTech
Group Inc., a Florida holding company, and VIE refers to the PRC variable interest entity (E-Commerce Tianjin). 

Summary of Significant Risk Factors 

The following is a summary
of significant risk factors and uncertainties that may affect our business, which are discussed in more detail below in Part I Item
1A Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Risks Related to Our Business 

An occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations and financial results. (see page 33 of this report) 

The supply chain financing service industry is an emerging and rapidly evolving industry in China and we might not achieve the development as we expected. (see page 35 of this report) 

The supply chain financing service industry is increasingly competitive in China. If we fail to compete effectively, we may lose our customers and partners, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. (see page 35 of this report) 

The asset management services that NTAM provides involve various risks, and failure to identify or fully appreciate such risks will negatively affect our reputation, client relationships, operations and prospects. (see page 36 of this report) 

Our operations of NTAM depend on key management and professional staff and our business may suffer if we are unable to recruit or retain them. (see page 36 of this report) 

The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, digital assets, and offerings of digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of our blockchain related business. (see page 38 of this report) 

We are subject to cyber security risks and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents. (see page 39 of this report) 

Our business depends on our website, app, network infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. (see page 39 of this report) 

Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

Changes in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. (see page 43 of this report) 

Uncertainties and quick change in the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations with little advance notice could result in a material and negative impact our business operations, decrease the value of our shares of common stock and limit the legal protections available to us. (see page 44 of this report) 

iii 

The Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business as well as more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations, and significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and, and cause the value of our shares of common stock to significantly decline or be worthless. (see page 45 of this report) 

There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. (see page 44 of this report) 

We could be restricted from paying dividends to shareholders due to PRC laws and other contractual requirements. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong or our PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. (see page 47 of this report) 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, and the related regulations are evolving quickly. Further implementations and interpretations of or amendments to the HFCA Act or the related regulations, or a PCOAB s determination of its lack of sufficient access to inspect our auditor, might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China. A potential consequence is that our shares of common stock may be delisted by the exchange. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat of our common stock being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct full inspections of our auditor deprives our investors of the benefits of such inspections. (see page 50 of this report) 

Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure 

If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entity do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. (see page 51 of this report) 

The shareholders of the consolidated VIE may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. (see page 52 of this report) 

Any failure by the consolidated VIE or its shareholders to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements with them would have an adverse effect on our business. (see page 52 of this report) 

The contractual arrangements with the consolidated affiliated entity may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. (see page 52 of this report) 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue blank check preferred stock, which may be issued without shareholder approval and which may adversely affect the rights of holders of our Common Stock. (see page 53 of this report) 

In recent years, our Common Stock has been in danger of being delisted from the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ). (see page 54 of this report) 

Other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Part
I Item 1A Risk Factors . 

These factors should not be construed as exhaustive,
and should be read with the other cautionary statements, and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our other
filings with the SEC. 

iv 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Future FinTech is a holding company incorporated
under the laws of the State of Florida and it is not a Chinese operating company. As a holding company with no material operations of
our own, we conduct a substantial majority of our operations through our subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with a variable interest
entity (VIE) Cloud Chain E-Commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. E-Commerce Tianjin ), based in China and this structure
involves unique risks to investors. The Company historically engaged in the production and sale of fruit juice concentrates (including
fruit purees and fruit juices), fruit beverages (including fruit juice beverages and fruit cider beverages) in People s Republic
of China. Due to drastically increased production costs and tightened environmental laws in China, the Company had transformed its business
from fruit juice manufacturing and distribution to a real-name blockchain based e-commerce platform, supply chain financing services and
trading business and financial services and technology business. The business operations of the Company include blockchain based online
shopping platform, Chain Cloud Mall CCM ), supply chain financing services and trading, asset management and money transfer
service .The Company is also developing cryptocurrency mining and cryptocurrency market data services. 

There are legal and operational risks associated
with being based in and having majority of our operations in Hong Kong and China. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of
regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal
activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity
structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly
issued an announcement to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system
of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. On December 28, 2021, Cybersecurity Review Measures was published by Cyberspace
Administration of China or the CAC, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry
of Public Security, Ministry of State Security, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce, People s Bank of China, State Administration
of Radio and Television, China Securities Regulatory Commission, State Secrecy Administration and State Cryptography Administration,
effective on February 15, 2022, which provides that, Critical Information Infrastructure Operators CIIOs that purchase
internet products and services and Online Platform Operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national
security shall be subject to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On November 14, 2021, CAC published the Administration
Measures for Cyber Data Security (Draft for Public Comments), or the Cyber Data Security Measure (Draft) , which requires
cyberspace operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review with
the Office of Cybersecurity Review. On April 2, 2022, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives
Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), which provide that a domestic
company that seeks to offer and list its securities in a overseas market shall strictly abide by applicable PRC laws and regulations,
enhance legal awareness of keeping state secrets and strengthening archives administration, institute a sound confidentiality and archives
administration system, and take necessary measures to fulfill confidentiality and archives administration obligations. On July 7, 2022,
CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border Transfer, effective on September 1, 2022, which requires
the data processors to apply for data cross-border security assessment coordinated by the CAC under the following circumstances: (i)
any data processor transfers important data to overseas; (ii) any critical information infrastructure operator or data processor who
processes personal information of over 1 million people provides personal information to overseas; (iii) any data processor who provides
personal information to overseas and has already provided personal information of more than 100,000 people or sensitive personal information
of more than 10,000 people to overseas since January 1 st of the previous year; and (iv) other circumstances under which
the data cross-border transfer security assessment is required as prescribed by the CAC. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the New Overseas Listing Rules with five interpretive guidelines, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The New Overseas Listing Rules require Chinese domestic enterprises
to complete filings with relevant governmental authorities and report related information under certain circumstances. The required filing
scope is not limited to the initial public offering, but also includes subsequent overseas securities offering, single or multiple acquisition(s),
share swap, transfer of shares or other means to seek an overseas direct or indirect listing and a secondary listing or dual major listing
of issuers already listed overseas. According to the Notice on Arrangements for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Enterprises, published by the CSRC on February 17, 2023, a company that (i) has already completed overseas listing or (ii) has already
obtained the approval for the offering or listing from overseas securities regulators or exchanges but has not completed such offering
or listing before effective date of the new rules and also completes the offering or listing before September 30, 2023 will be considered
as an existing listed company and is not required to make any filing until it conducts a new offering in the future. Furthermore, upon
the occurrence of any of the material events specified below after an issuer has completed its offering and listed its securities on
an overseas stock exchange, the issuer shall submit a report thereof to the CSRC within 3 working days after the occurrence and public
disclosure of the event: (i) change of control; (ii) investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory agencies or
other competent authorities; (iii) change of listing status or transfer of listing segment; or (iv) voluntary or mandatory delisting.
On February 24, 2023, the CSRC revised the Provisions on Strengthening the Management of Confidentiality and Archives Related to the
Overseas Issuance of Securities and Overseas Listing by Domestic Companies which were issued in 2009 (the Archives Rules ).
The revised Archives Rules took effect on March 31, 2023. The revised Archives Rules expands their application to cover indirect overseas
offering and listing, stipulating that a domestic company which plans to publicly disclose any documents and materials containing state
secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall first obtain approval from competent authorities according to law, and file
with the secrecy administrative department at the same level. As of the date of this report, these new laws and guidelines have not impacted
the Company s ability to conduct its business, accept foreign investments, or list and trade on a U.S. or other foreign exchange;
however, there are uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of these new laws and guidelines, which could materially and adversely
impact our business and financial outlook and may impact our ability to accept foreign investments or continue to list on a U.S. or other
foreign exchange. Any change in foreign investment regulations, and other policies in China or related enforcement actions by China government
could result in a material change in our operations and the value of our securities and could significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer our securities to investors or cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. The Company s
auditor, Onestop Assurance PAC is headquartered in the Singapore and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the
 PCAOB currently has access to inspect the working papers of our auditor and our auditor is not subject to the determinations
announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete
access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate
its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s
access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need to issue a new determination. On December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled
 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (the Consolidated Appropriations Act ), was signed into law by President
Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical provision to Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, which reduces the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA
Act from three years to two. The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and related regulations currently does not affect the
Company as the Company s auditor is subject to PCAOB s inspection and investigation. 

1 

As a holding company, we may rely on dividends
and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements. If any of our subsidiaries or our
WFOE incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to
us. However, neither any of our subsidiaries or the VIE has made any dividends, other distributions or cash transfers to our holding
company or any U.S. investors as of the date of this report. In the future, cash proceeds raised from overseas financing activities may
be transferred by us to our PRC subsidiaries via capital contribution or shareholder loans, as the case may be. As a holding company,
we may rely principally on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements
we may have. As of the date of this report, we do not have cash management policies and procedures in place that dictate how funds are
transferred through our organization. Rather, the funds can be transferred in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations. See
 Dividend Distribution and Cash Transfer Between the Holding Company, Subsidiary and VIE and Selected Condensed
Consolidated Financial Schedule of the Company and Its Subsidiaries and VIE. 

As of the date of this report, no dividends or
distributions have been made between the holding company, its subsidiaries, and consolidated VIE, or to investors including U.S. investors.
The holding company, its subsidiaries, and the VIE do not have any plan to distribute dividend or settle amounts owed under the VIE Agreements
in the foreseeable future. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong or our PRC and/or Hong Kong
entities, the VIE, and the WFOE (as defined below), such funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use
outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or
our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. See Dividend Distribution and Cash Transfer
Between the Holding Company, Subsidiary and VIE. and Risk Factor - We could be restricted from paying dividends to shareholders
due to PRC laws and other contractual requirements. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong
or our PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations or for
other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability
of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. 

In the opinion of our
PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, the VIE and certain subsidiaries of the Company are incorporated and operating in mainland China and they
have received all required permissions from Chinese authorities to operate their current business in China, including Business licenses,
Bank Account Open Permits and Value Added Telecom Business License. Our subsidiaries outside of mainland China also have obtained permissions
or approvals to operate their business in the countries where they operate their business. 

As of the date of this report, in the opinion
of our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, we, our subsidiaries and the VIE in China are not subject to permission requirements from the China
Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), Cyberspace Administration of China CAC or any other entity that
is required to approve of the VIE s operations and have not received or were denied such permissions by any PRC authorities. Nevertheless,
the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued
the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which were made
available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities,
and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the New
Overseas Listing Rules with five interpretive guidelines, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The New Overseas Listing Rules require
Chinese domestic enterprises to complete filings with relevant governmental authorities and report related information for overseas offerings
and listings. Given the current PRC regulatory environment, it is uncertain whether we will be able to obtain permission from the PRC
government to offer our securities to foreign investors, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded.
If we or any of our subsidiaries or the VIE do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, inadvertently conclude that such
permissions or approvals are not required, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we or our subsidiaries are
required to obtain such permissions or approvals, it could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue
to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. If applicable
laws, regulations, or interpretations change and the VIE is required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we may face
substantial uncertainties as to whether we can obtain such permissions or approvals in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely
and appropriate measures to adapt to any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our
current corporate structure and business operations. In addition, these VIE agreements have not been truly tested in the courts in China
and Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow the VIE structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations
and/or value of our securities, including that it could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
The VIE structure is used to provide investors with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where Chinese law prohibits
or restricts direct foreign investment in certain types of operating companies, and that investors may never hold equity interests in
the VIE. See Risk Factor - If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable
interest entity do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries, or if these regulations
or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish
our interests in those operations. 

2 

On May 11, 2021, the Company established Future
Supply Chain (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. Its business is coal and aluminum ingots supply chain financing services and trading. 

On May 12, 2021, the Company established Future
Big Data (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. in Chengdu, China. Its business includes big data technology and industrial internet data services. 

On June 8, 2021, the Company established Tianjin
Future Private Equity Fund Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) in Tianjin, China. Its main business is external equity investment. 

June 14, 2021, the Company established Future
FinTech Labs Inc. in New York to serve as its global R D and technical support center. 

On June 24, 2021, the Company established FTFT
Capital Investments L.L.C. in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. In December 2021, FTFT Capital Investments, LLC FTFT Dubai ),
a subsidiary of the Company, officially launched FTFTX, a cryptocurrency market data platform that provides investors with real-time
cryptocurrency market data and trading information from a large number of cryptocurrency exchanges. The market data is available for
Bitcoin, ETH, EOS, Litecoin, TRON and other cryptocurrencies at https://www.ftftx.com and via the FTFTX App on iOS and Android devices.
The FTFTX app is free to download on Google Play and the Apple Store. 

On July 2, 2021, the Company established Future
Fintech Digital Number One US, LP. which is an investment fund. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company established Future
Fintech Digital Capital Management, LLC., which provides investment advisory services and investment fund management. 

On July 6, 2021, the Company established Future
Fintech Digital Number One GP, LLC., which is an off-shore investment fund. 

On August 2, 2021, the Company incorporated FTFT
UK Limited in United Kingdom as serve as its operating base to develop fintech business in Europe. 

On August 6, 2021, the Company completed
acquisition of 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited NTAM ), a Hong
Kong-based asset management company, from Joy Rich Enterprises Limited Joy Rich ). NTAM is licensed under the
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong SFC to carry out regulated activities in Type 4: Advising on
Securities and Type 9: Asset Management. 

On August 11, 2021, the Company established Future
Private Equity Fund Management (Hainan) Co., Ltd. Its business is investment fund management. 

On November 22, 2021, the Company established
FTFT Digital Number One, Ltd., an investment fund. 

On November 22, 2021, the Company established
Future Fintech Digital Number One Offshore, LLC., an investment fund. 

On December 15, 2021, the Company established
FTFT Super Computing Inc. Its business is bitcoin and other cryptocurrency mining and related services. 

In March 2022, FTFT UK Limited received has
received approval to operate as an Electronic Money Directive EMD Agent and has been registered as such with the
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), a UK regulator. This status grants FTFT UK Limited the ability to distribute or redeem e-money
and provide certain financial services on behalf of an e-money institution (registration number 903050). 

On April 18, 2022, the
Company and Future Fintech (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company jointly acquired 100 equity interest of
KAZAN S.A., a company incorporated in Republic of Paraguay for 288. The Company owns 90 and FTFT HK owns 10 of Kazan S.A.,
respectively. Kazan S.A. has no operation before the acquisition. The Company plans to develop bitcoin and other cryptocurrency mining
and related services in Paraguay. The Company has changed its name from KAZAN S.A to FTFT Paraguay S.A. on July 28, 2022. 

On September 29, 2022, FTFT UK Limited completed its acquisition of
100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., a company incorporated in England and Wales, from Rahim Shah,
a resident of United Kingdom for a total of Euros 685,000 Purchase Price ), pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement
(the Agreement dated September 1, 2021. Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. is a money transfer company with a platform for transferring
money through one of its agent locations or via its online portal, mobile platform or over the phone. Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.
is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the parties received approval by the FCA before the formal closing of the
transaction. On October 11, 2022, the Company changed the name of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. to FTFT Finance UK Limited. 

3 

On February 27, 2023, Future FinTech (Hong Kong)
Limited Buyer ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly owned subsidiary of Future FinTech Group Inc. (the Company entered into a Share Transfer Agreement (the Agreement with Alpha Financial Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong Seller and sole owner and shareholder of Alpha International Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated
in Hong Kong Alpha HK and Alpha Information Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in China Alpha
SZ ). Alpha HK holds Type 1 Securities Trading , Type 2 Futures Contract Trading and Type 4 Securities
Consulting financial licenses issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Alpha SZ provides technical support services
to Alpha HK. 

On January 26, 2023,
the Company filed with the Florida Secretary of State s office Articles of Amendment (the Amendment to amend its
Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended Articles of Incorporation ). As a result of the Amendment,
the Company has authorized and approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock from 300,000,000
shares to 60,000,000 shares, accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock
(the Reverse Stock Split ). The common stock will continue to be 0.001 par value. The Company rounds up to the next full
share of the Company s shares of common stock any fractional shares that result from the Reverse Stock Split and no fractional
shares is issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and no cash or other consideration is paid in connection with any fractional
shares that would otherwise have resulted from the Reverse Stock Split. No changes are being made to the number of preferred shares of
the Company which remain as 10,000,000 preferred shares as authorized but not issued. The amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
of the Company will take effect at 1:00am Eastern Time on February 1, 2023. The Reverse Stock Split and Amendment were authorized and
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company without shareholders approval, pursuant to 607.10025 of the Florida Business
Corporation Act of the State of Florida. 

Currently, Chain Cloud
Mall adopts an Enterprise Communication as A Service or eCAAS platform which is a part of 3.15 China Responsible Brand
Program run by the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee of China Foundation of Consumer Protection (the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee ).
Anti-Counterfeiting Committee reviews and accepts the companies to join its 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program. After acceptance, these
companies are authorized to use anti-counterfeiting labels on their products which have authenticated signatures of these companies and
Anti-Counterfeiting Committee recorded on the blockchain quality and safety traceability system controlled by the Anti-Counterfeiting
Committee. The companies will sell such products on our eCAAS platform. The companies can also use sales agents to sell their products
on our eCAAS platform and parties can negotiate the commission percentages for the products sold. Any new sales agent must be recommended
by existing agents and pay a one-time fee to the eCAAS platform to be admitted as the authorized agent to provide sales agent services
on the platform. 

The Company started its trial operation of NONOGIRL,
a cross-border e-commerce platform, in March 2020 and formally launched it in July 2020. The cross-border e-commerce platform aimed to
build a new s2b2c (supplier to business and consumer) outsourcing sales platform dominated by social media influencers. It was aimed
at the growing female consumer market, with the ability to broadcast, short video, and all forms communication through the platform.
It could also create a sales oriented sharing ecosystem with other major social media used by customers, etc. The Company s promotion
strategy previously mainly relied on the training of members and distributors through meetings and conferences. Due to the outbreak of
COVID-19, the Chinese government put a restriction on large gatherings. These restrictions made the promotion strategy for our online
e-commerce platforms difficult to implement and the Company has experienced difficulties to subscribe new members for its online e-commerce
platforms. Due to the lack of new subscribers, in June 2021, the Company suspended its cross-border e-commerce platform (NONOGIRL) which
has been closed now. Also, since the second quarter of 2021, the Company has transformed its member-based business model of Chain Cloud
Mall to a sale agent based Enterprise Communication as A Service or eCAAS platform and began to provide supply chain financing
services and trading of coal for coal mines and power generation plants as well as aluminum ingots. 

4 

The Company currently has ten directly
controlled subsidiaries: DigiPay FinTech Limited DigiPay ), a company incorporated under the laws of the British
Virgin Islands, Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong, GlobalKey Shared Mall
Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands GlobalKey Shared Mall ), Tianjin Future Private
Equity Fund Management Partnership, a Limited Partnership under the laws of China, FTFT UK Limited, a company incorporated under the
laws of United Kingdom, Future Fintech Digital Capital Management, LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of Connecticut, Future
Fintech Digital Number One GP, LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of Connecticut, Future FinTech Labs Inc., a company
incorporated under the laws of New York, FTFT SuperComputing Inc. a company incorporated under the laws of Ohio and FTFT
Paraguay S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Paraguay. 

SkyPeople Foods Holdings Limited SkyPeople
BVI was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which
held 100 of the equity interest of HeDeTang Holdings (HK) Ltd. HeDeTang HK ), a company organized under the laws of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China Hong Kong ), and HeDeTang HK held 73.42 
of the equity interest of SkyPeople Juice Group Co., Ltd., SkyPeople (China) ), a company incorporated under the laws of
the PRC. SkyPeople (China) had eleven subsidiaries in the PRC, which were mainly involved in the production and sales of fruit juice
concentrates, fruit juice beverages and other fruit-related products in the PRC and overseas markets. On February 27, 2020, SkyPeople
BVI (the Seller completed the transfer of its ownership of HeDeTang HK to New Continent International Co., Ltd. (the Buyer ),
an unrelated third party and a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands for a total price of RMB 0.6 million (approximately
 85,714), pursuant to a Share Transfer Agreement entered into by the Seller and the Buyer on September 18, 2019 and approved at the special
shareholders meeting of the Company on February 26, 2020 (the Sale Transaction ). SkyPeople BVI had no operational assets
or business after the transfer and the Company dissolved SkyPeople BVI on July 27, 2020. 

Our organizational structure as of December 31,
2022 is set forth in the diagram: 

Contractual
Arrangements 

Equity
Interest 

5 

VIE Contractual Arrangements 

On July 31, 2019, Cloud
Chain Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Limited CCM Network or CCM Tianjin , formerly known as Chain
Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Limited), Cloud Chain E-Commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., formerly known as Chain Cloud
Mall E-Commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. E-Commerce Tianjin ), a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of China,
and Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu, citizens of China and together 100 shareholders of E-Commerce Tianjin, entered into the following
agreements, or collectively, the Variable Interest Entity Agreements or VIE Agreements, pursuant to which
CCM Network has contractual rights to control and operate the business of E-commerce Tianjin (the VIE ). Mr. Zeyao Xue is
a major shareholder of the Company and the son of Mr. Yongke Xue, the President of the Company. Mr. Kai Xu was the Chief Operating Officer
of the Company then and currently is the Deputy General Manager of FT Commercial Group Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
and the vice president of blockchain division of the Company. The VIE is consolidated for accounting purposes but is not an entity
in which we own equity. 

Pursuant to Chinese
law and regulations, a foreign owned enterprise cannot apply for and hold a license for operation of certain e-commerce businesses. CCM
Network is an indirectly wholly foreign owned enterprise of the Company WFOE ). In order to comply with Chinese law and
regulations, CCM Network agreed to provide E-Commerce Tianjin an Exclusive Operation and Use Rights Authorization to operate and use
the Chain Cloud Mall System owned by CCM Network. Although the VIE Contractual Arrangements have been widely adopted by PRC companies
seeking for listing aboard, such arrangements have not been truly tested in any of the PRC courts. There are very few precedents
as to how contractual arrangements in the context of a consolidated variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under
PRC laws. In addition, these VIE agreements have not been truly tested in the courts in China and Chinese regulatory authorities could
disallow the VIE structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or value of our securities, including
that it could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. The VIE structure is used to provide investors
with exposure to foreign investment in China-based companies where Chinese law prohibits or restricts direct foreign investment in certain
types of operating companies, and that investors may never hold equity interests in the VIE. If the consolidated VIE or its shareholders
fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional
resources to enforce such arrangements. 

The following is a summary
of the currently effective contractual arrangements relating to E-Commerce Tianjin. 

Contractual Arrangements with The Consolidated
Affiliated Entity and Its Respective Shareholders 

The contractual
arrangements with the VIE and its shareholders allow us to consolidate financial results of the VIE in our financial statements
because we have satisfied conditions for consolidation of the VIE under U.S. GAAP, pursuant to which E-Commerce Tianjin is
considered a VIE under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 810 Consolidation , because the equity investments in E-Commerce Tianjin no longer have the
characteristics of a controlling financial interest, and the Company, through CCM Network, is the primary beneficiary of E-Commerce
Tianjin for accounting purposes. A VIE is an entity that either has a total equity investment that is insufficient to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest, such as through voting rights, right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The variable
interest holder, if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is deemed to be the primary beneficiary of, and must
consolidate, the VIE. CCM Network has a controlling financial interest in, receives the economic benefits from, is the primary
beneficiary of and has the power to direct the activities of the VIE to the extent that it has satisfied the conditions for
consolidation of the VIE under U.S. GAAP. Pursuant to the contractual arrangements with CCM Network, E-Commerce Tianjin shall pay
service fees equal to all of its net profit after tax to CCM Network. Such contractual arrangements are designed so that the
E-Commerce Tianjin would operate for the benefit of CCM Network and ultimately, the Company. 

6 

As a result of the contractual
arrangements with the VIE, we are regarded as the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes, and we treat the VIE and its
subsidiaries as the consolidated affiliated entities under U.S. GAAP. We have consolidated the financial results of the VIE in our consolidated
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Exclusive Technology Consulting and Service
Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Exclusive
Technology Consulting and Service Agreement, CCM Network agreed to act as the exclusive consultant of E-Commerce Tianjin and provide
technology consulting and services to E-Commerce Tianjin. In exchange, E-Commerce Tianjin agreed to pay CCM Network a technology consulting
and service fee, the amount of which is to be equivalent to the amount of net profit before tax of E-Commerce Tianjin, payable on a quarterly
basis after making up losses of previous years (if necessary) and deducting necessary costs and expenses related to the business operations
of E-Commerce Tianjin. Without the prior written consent of CCM Network, E-Commerce Tianjin may not accept the same or similar technology
consulting and services provided by any third party during the term of the agreement. All the benefits and interests generated from the
agreement, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, know-how and trade secrets, will be CCM Network s sole and
exclusive property. This agreement has a term of 10 years and may be extended unilaterally by CCM Network with CCM Network s written
confirmation prior to the expiration date. E-Commerce Tianjin cannot terminate the agreement early unless CCM Network commits fraud,
gross negligence or illegal acts, or becomes bankrupt or winds up. 

Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement and Power
of Attorney. 

Pursuant to the Exclusive
Purchase Option Agreement, Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu granted to CCM Network and any party designated by CCM Network the exclusive
right to purchase, at any time during the term of this agreement, all or part of the equity interests in E-Commerce Tianjin, or the Equity
Interests, at a purchase price equal to the registered capital paid by Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu for the Equity Interests,
or, in the event that applicable law requires an appraisal of the Equity Interests, the lowest price permitted under applicable law.
Pursuant to powers of attorney executed by Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu, they irrevocably authorized any person appointed by CCM Network
to exercise all shareholder rights, including but not limited to voting on their behalf on all matters requiring approval of E-Commerce
Tianjin s shareholder, disposing of all or part of the shareholder s equity interest in E-Commerce Tianjin, and electing,
appointing or removing directors and executive officers. The person designated by CCM Network is entitled to dispose of dividends and
profits on the equity interest without reliance on any oral or written instructions of Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu. The powers of attorney
will remain in force for so long as Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu remain the shareholders of E-Commerce Tianjin. Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr.
Kai Xu have waived all the rights which have been authorized to CCM Network s designated person under the powers of attorney. 

Equity Pledge Agreement . 

Pursuant to the
Equity Pledge Agreements, Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu pledged all of the Equity Interests to CCM Network to secure the full and
complete performance of the obligations and liabilities on the part of E-Commerce Tianjin and them under this and the above
contractual arrangements. If E-Commerce Tianjin, Mr. Zeyao Xue, or Mr. Kai Xu breaches their contractual obligations under these
agreements, then CCM Network, as pledgee, will have the right to dispose of the pledged equity interests. Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai
Xu agree that, during the term of the Equity Pledge Agreements, they will not dispose of the pledged equity interests or create or
allow any encumbrance on the pledged equity interests, and they also agree that CCM Network s rights relating to the equity
pledge should not be interfered with or impaired by the legal actions of the shareholders of E-Commerce Tianjin, their successors or
designees. During the term of the equity pledge, CCM Network has the right to receive all of the dividends and profits distributed
on the pledged equity. The Equity Pledge Agreements will terminate on the second anniversary of the date when E-Commerce Tianjin,
Mr. Zeyao Xue and Mr. Kai Xu have completed all their obligations under the contractual agreements described above. 

Spousal Consent Letters. The
spouse of Mr. Kai Xu (Mr. Zeyao Xue is not married), the shareholder of E-Commerce Tianjin has signed a spousal consent letter agreeing
that the equity interests in E-Commerce Tianjin held by and registered under the name of such shareholder will be disposed pursuant to
the contractual agreements with CCM Network. The spouse of such shareholder agreed not to assert any rights over the equity interest
in E-Commerce Tianjin held by such shareholder. 

We are a holding company incorporated in Florida.
As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial majority of our operations through our subsidiaries
and contractual arrangements with the VIE (E-Commerce Tianjin) based in China. The VIE is consolidated for accounting purposes but is
not an entity in which we own equity. The VIE structure is subject to various risks. For example, the contractual arrangements may not
be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over E-Commerce Tianjin. We expect to rely on the performance by the
VIE shareholders of their respective obligations under the contracts to exercise control over E-Commerce Tianjin. The VIE shareholders
may not act in the best interests of our company or may not perform their obligations under these contracts. Such risks will exist throughout
the period in which we operate related e-commerce platform business through the contractual arrangements. If any dispute relating to
these contracts remains unresolved, we will have to enforce our rights under these contracts through the operations of PRC law and arbitration,
litigation or other legal proceedings which could be a lengthy process and very costly. 

7 

Dividend Distribution and Cash Transfer
Between the Holding Company, Subsidiary and VIE 

Our PRC operating entities receive a substantial
part of our revenue in the RMB. Under our current corporate structure, to fund any cash and financing requirements we may have, the Company
may rely on dividend payments from its ten direct wholly-owned subsidiaries. CCM Network will receives payment from E-Commerce Tianjin
when it starts to generate profits, pursuant to the VIE Agreements. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current
account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies
without prior approval from State Administration of Foreign Exchange or the SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore,
our Chinese subsidiaries are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from SAFE, subject to the condition
that the remittance of such dividends outside of the PRC complies with certain procedures under PRC foreign exchange regulation, such
as the overseas investment registrations by our shareholders or the ultimate shareholders of our corporate shareholders who are PRC residents.
Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is, however, required where the RMB is to be converted into foreign
currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC
government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. For the Company
and our subsidiaries in Hong Kong, BVI, Japan, Cayman, UK, Dubai and U.S. Non-PRC Entities ), there is no restrictions
on foreign exchange for such entities and they are able to transfer cash among these entities across borders. Also, there is no restrictions
and limitations on the abilities of Non-PRC Entities to distribute earnings from their businesses, including from subsidiaries to the
parent company or from the Company to the U.S. investors. 

Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries
to pay dividends to the Company only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year,
if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each such entity in China is also required
to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any,
is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase
the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are
not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. Under the existing laws of Hong Kong, funds from capital accounts
can be repatriated and remitted overseas without restrictions, and there is no foreign exchange control imposed. 

To the extent cash and/or assets in the business
are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong or our PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such funds and/or assets may not be available
to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and
limitations on the ability of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. See Risk Factor
- We could be restricted from paying dividends to shareholders due to PRC laws and other contractual requirements. and Risk
Factor - We could be restricted from paying dividends to shareholders due to PRC laws and other contractual requirements. To the extent
cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong or our PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such
funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions
in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash
and/or assets . We intend to keep any future earnings to re-invest in and finance the expansion of our business, and we do
not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. We currently don t have any cash management policies
and procedures in place that dictate how funds are transferred through our organization. Rather, the funds can be transferred in
accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations. 

Cash dividends, if any, on our shares of common
stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our
overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to
10.0 . Pursuant to the Arrangement between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of
Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Tax Evasion With Respect to Taxes On Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the
10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 , if the recipient of the relevant dividends qualifies certain necessary requirements, including
without limitation that (a) the Hong Kong project must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong Kong project
must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC project during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt of the
dividends. The 5 withholding tax rate, however, does not automatically apply and in current practice, a Hong Kong project must obtain
a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax
authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the
tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double
Taxation Arrangement with respect to any dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to its immediate holding company, Future FinTech (Hong
Kong) Limited. As of the date of this report, we have not applied for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority.
Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited intends to apply for the tax resident certificate if and when its PRC subsidiaries plan to declare
and pay dividends to Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited. 

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, cash transfers between our Company, our subsidiaries, and the VIE were as follows: 

8 

Selected Condensed Consolidated Financial
Schedule of the Company and Its Subsidiaries and VIE 

The following tables present selected condensed
consolidated financial data of the Company and its subsidiaries and VIE for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements for those periods. 
The Company records its investments in its subsidiaries under the equity method of accounting. Such investments are presented in the
selected condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Company as Investments in VIE and the profit of the subsidiaries
is presented as Income for equity method investment in the selected condensed consolidated statements of income and comprehensive
income. 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

As of December 31, 2022 

Future FinTech(1) 
 WOFE(2) 
 Parent(3) 
 Subsidiaries(4) 
 PRC(5) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries(6) 
 VIE(7) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated Total(8) 
 
 Cash 
 29,722,486 
 2,177 
 8,480,197 
 1,809,789 
 16,222,765 
 3,209,735 
 12,684 
 - 
 29,735,170 
 
 Intercompany receivables 
 - 
 20,714 
 168,350,050 
 1,084,054 
 26,305,916 
 21,334,055 
 307,655 
 (217,381,730 
 - 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
 64,721,998 
 94,683 
 177,121,351 
 5,024,467 
 61,880,638 
 38,077,272 
 328,381 
 (217,381,730 
 65,050,379 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 2,729,775 
 1,101,657 
 1,435,833 
 51,130,446 
 - 
 (56,397,711 
 - 
 
 TOTAL NON CURRENT ASSETS 
 19,967,242 
 134 
 2,729,775 
 3,647,349 
 4,331,362 
 51,680,383 
 98 
 (42,421,627 
 19,967,340 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 84,689,240 
 94,817 
 179,851,126 
 8,671,816 
 66,212,000 
 89,757,655 
 328,479 
 (259,803,357 
 85,017,719 
 
 Intercompany payables 
 
 1,706,496 
 802 
 28,714,374 
 84,302,045 
 101,822,055 
 710,294 
 (215,549,570 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 18,379,918 
 1,756,008 
 314,387 
 30,237,905 
 93,775,031 
 109,602,165 
 952,160 
 (215,549,570 
 19,332,078 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 66,309,322 
 (1,661,191 
 179,536,739 
 (21,566,089 
 (27,563,031 
 (19,844,510 
 (623,681 
 (44,253,787 
 65,685,641 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 84,689,240 
 94,817 
 179,851,126 
 8,671,816 
 66,212,000 
 89,757,655 
 328,479 
 (259,803,357 
 85,017,719 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Future FinTech(1) 
 WOFE(2) 
 Parent(3) 
 Subsidiaries(4) 
 PRC(5) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries(6) 
 VIE(7) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated Total(8) 
 
 Revenues 
 23,878,818 
 - 
 - 
 51,000 
 10,131,137 
 13,696,681 
 2,188 
 - 
 23,881,006 
 
 Cost of goods/services 
 18,485,560 
 - 
 - 
 30,000 
 9,773,366 
 8,682,194 
 - 
 - 
 18,485,560 
 
 Other material expenses 
 22,229,470 
 51,629 
 4,601,483 
 8,801,251 
 3,663,973 
 2,947,938 
 279,523 
 2,214,825 
 22,508,993 
 
 Subtotals 
 (16,836,212 
 (51,629 
 (4,601,483 
 (8,780,251 
 (3,306,202 
 2,066,549 
 (277,335 
 (2,214,825 
 (17,113,547 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (14,039,598 
 51,900 
 (4,673,362 
 (8,370,070 
 (1,550,548 
 2,769,361 
 (276,766 
 (2,214,979 
 (14,316,364 
 
 Comprehensive Income Loss) 
 (17,496,232 
 (328,909 
 (4,673,362 
 (8,370,070 
 (7,222,162 
 2,769,361 
 154,726 
 - 
 (17,341,507 

9 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Future FinTech(1) 
 WOFE(2) 
 Parent(3) 
 Subsidiaries(4) 
 PRC(5) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries(6) 
 VIE(7) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated Total(8) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (2,511,303 
 335,656 
 (27,533,588 
 (30,869,964 
 (996,606 
 56,888,855 
 (179,342 
 - 
 (2,690,645 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 (14,128,360 
 - 
 - 
 (7,683,514 
 (96,791 
 (6,348,055 
 (63,265 
 - 
 (14,191,625 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 (251,692 
 - 
 - 
 (63,477 
 (188,215 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (251,692 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

As of December 31 2021 

Future FinTech(1) 
 WOFE(2) 
 Parent(3) 
 Subsidiaries(4) 
 PRC(5) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries(6) 
 VIE(7) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated Total (8) 
 
 Cash 
 50,262,855 
 3,208 
 36,013,785 
 1,735,353 
 11,385,955 
 1,127,762 
 10,662 
 - 
 50,273,517 
 
 Intercompany receivables 
 
 91,648 
 145,935,113 
 - 
 16,528,820 
 21,606,086 
 399,594 
 (184,469,613 
 - 
 
 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 
 72,282,967 
 174,690 
 181,977,108 
 3,627,337 
 40,615,756 
 31,110,930 
 438,088 
 (185,048,164 
 72,721,055 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries 
 - 
 - 
 373,366 
 153,259 
 1,568,455 
 42,943,083 
 - 
 (45,038,163 
 - 
 
 TOTAL NON CURRENT ASSETS 
 18,899,330 
 37,590 
 373,366 
 649,526 
 4,341,708 
 42,989,219 
 36,700 
 (29,454,489 
 18,936,030 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 
 91,182,297 
 212,280 
 182,350,474 
 4,276,863 
 44,957,464 
 74,100,149 
 474,788 
 (214,502,653 
 91,657,085 
 
 Intercompany payables 
 
 1,917,979 
 - 
 20,090,419 
 79,878,750 
 87,889,375 
 601,915 
 (188,460,459 
 - 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 9,938,826 
 1,972,157 
 313,363 
 20,297,678 
 82,134,085 
 96,232,710 
 864,101 
 (189,039,010 
 10,802,927 
 
 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 81,243,471 
 (1,759,877 
 182,037,111 
 (16,020,815 
 (37,176,621 
 (22,132,561 
 (389,313 
 (25,463,643 
 80,854,158 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 91,182,297 
 212,280 
 182,350,474 
 4,276,863 
 44,957,464 
 74,100,149 
 474,788 
 (214,502,653 
 91,657,085 

10 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

For the year ended December 31 2021 

Future FinTech(1) 
 WOFE(2) 
 Parent(3) 
 Subsidiaries(4) 
 PRC(5) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries(6) 
 VIE(7) 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated Total(8) 
 
 Revenues 
 25,044,142 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 34,034,661 
 5,315,708 
 6,659 
 (14,306,227 
 25,050,801 
 
 Cost of goods/services 
 23,242,882 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 33,524,791 
 4,024,318 
 6,054 
 (14,306,227 
 23,248,936 
 
 Other material expenses 
 14,879,235 
 66,955 
 11,401,929 
 2,564,823 
 2,260,575 
 1,479,272 
 131,214 
 2,827,364 
 15,010,449 
 
 Subtotals 
 (13,077,975 
 (66,955 
 (11,401,929 
 (2,564,823 
 (1,750,705 
 (187,882 
 (130,609 
 2,827,364 
 (13,208,584 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (14,117,924 
 341,357 
 (11,413,830 
 (2,584,775 
 (523,733 
 (235,699 
 (88,001 
 640,113 
 (14,205,925 
 
 Comprehensive Income Loss) 
 (14,349,766 
 385,623 
 (11,413,830 
 (2,584,775 
 (115,462 
 (235,699 
 (56,007 
 - 
 (14,405,773 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

For the year ended December 31 2021 

Future 
FinTech 
(1) 

WOFE (2) 

Parent(3) 

Subsidiaries(4) 

PRC(5) 

Hong Kong 
subsidiaries(6) 

VIE(7) 

Eliminations 

Consolidated 
Total(8) 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(17,378,033) 

(44,014) 

29,838,415 

2,981,154 

(56,152,939) 

5,955,337 

4,439 

- 

(17,373,594) 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

(11,144,882) 

- 

- 

(586,913) 

(4,797,486) 

(5,760,483) 

(36,105) 

- 

(11,180,987) 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

69,274,810 

- 

(1,163,146) 

- 

70,437,956 

- 

- 

- 

69,274,810 

(1) 
 Future FinTech all
 companies except for VIE. 

(2) 
 WFOE: Cloud Chain Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Limited,
 the wholly foreign owned entity of the Company that is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. 

(3) 
 Parent the
 holding company, i.e. Future FinTech Group Inc. 

(4) 
 Subsidiaries all
 subsidiaries except for VIE, subsidiaries in PRC, Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited and Nice Talent Asset Management Limited in
 Hong Kong. 

(5) 
 PRC all
 subsidiaries in China except for VIE. 

(6) 
 Hong Kong subsidiaries Future
 FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited and Nice Talent Asset Management Limited. 

(7) 
 VIE E-Commerce
 Tianjin. 

(8) 
 Consolidated Total all
 companies included. 

11 

Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 

In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus was reported and has spread throughout China and other parts of the world. On March 11, 2020, the World
Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . In early 2020, Chinese government took emergency
measures to combat the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office
buildings and facilities in China. In response to the evolving dynamics related to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company followed
the guidelines of local authorities as it prioritizes the health and safety of its employees, contractors, suppliers and business
partners. Our offices in China were closed and the employees worked from home at the end of January 2020 until late March 2020. The
quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings have materially negatively impacted our business.
Our suppliers were negatively affected, and could continue to be negatively affected in their ability to supply and ship products to
our customers in case of any resurgence of COVID-19. Our customers that have been negatively impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19
may reduce their budgets to purchase products and services from us, which may materially adversely impact our revenue. The business
operations of the third parties stores on our e-commerce platform have been and continue to be negatively impacted by the
outbreak, which in turn adversely affects the business of our platform as a whole as well as our financial condition and operating
results. The outbreak has had and continues to have disruption to our supply chain, logistics providers, customers or our marketing
activities with the new variants of COVID-19, which could materially adversely impact our business and results of operations,
especially to our supply chain financing and trading business during the first quarter of 2022. There was outbreak in various cities
and provinces due to Omicron variant in Xi an city, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing in 2022, which have resulted quarantines,
travel restrictions, and temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in these cities. In December 2022, the Chinese
government eased its strict zero COVID-19 policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19 cases during December 2022 and January
2023, which has disrupted our business operations in China. The Company s promotion strategy of CCM Shopping Mall previously
mainly relied on the training of members and distributors through meetings and conferences. Chinese government put a restriction on
large gatherings in 2020 and 2021, which made the promotion strategy for our online e-commerce platforms difficult to implement and
the Company experienced difficulties to subscribe new members for its online e-commerce platforms. Due to the lack of new
subscribers, in June 2021, the Company suspended its cross-border e-commerce platform NONOGIRL which has been closed now. Also,
since the second quarter of 2021, the Company has transformed its member-based Chain Cloud Mall to a sale agent based eCAAS platform
and began to provide supply chain financing services. 

The global economy has
also been materially negatively affected by the COVID-19 and there is continued uncertainty about the duration and intensity of its impacts.
The Chinese and global growth forecast is extremely uncertain, which would seriously affect our business. 

While the potential
economic impact brought by, and the duration of COVID-19 and its new variants may be difficult to assess or predict, a widespread pandemic
could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect
our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 and its new variants could materially
negatively affect our business and the value of our common stock. 

Further, as we do not
have access to a revolving credit facility, there can be no assurance that we would be able to secure commercial debt financing in the
future in the event that we require additional capital. We currently believe that our financial resources will be adequate to see us
through the outbreak. However, in the event that we do need to raise capital in the future, outbreak-related instability in the securities
markets could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

Consequently, our results
of operations have been materially and adversely affected by COVID-19 pandemic. Any potential further impact to our results will depend
on, to a large extent, future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19, new
variants of COVID-19, the efficacy and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines and the actions taken by government authorities and other entities
to contain the COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. 

12 

Company Strategy and Principal Products and
Services 

Our core business historically has been in the production and sale
of fruit juice concentrates (including fruit purees and fruit juices), fruit beverages (including fruit juice beverages and fruit cider
beverages) in the PRC and internationally. Due to drastically increased production cost and tightened environmental laws in China, the
Company has transformed its main business from fruit juice manufacturing and distribution to a real-name blockchain e-commerce platform
that integrates blockchain and internet technology in fiscal year 2019. The e-commerce platform contributed 93.7 to the total revenue
for fiscal year 2020. Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the Chinese government put a restriction on large gatherings. These restrictions
made the promotion strategy for our online e-commerce platforms difficult to implement and the Company experienced difficulties to subscribe
new members for its online e-commerce platforms. Due to the lack of new subscribers, since the second quarter of 2021, the Company has
transformed its member-based business model of Chain Cloud Mall to a sale agent based eCAAS platform and began to provide supply chain
financing services and trading of coal for coal mines and power generation plants as well as aluminum ingots. Also, the Company acquired
90 of the issued and outstanding shares of NTAM, a Hong Kong-based asset management company in August 2021. NTAM is licensed under the
Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong SFC to carry out regulated activities in Type 4: Advising on Securities
and Type 9: Asset Management. During the fiscal year of 2021, the supply chain financing and wealth management business of NTAM contributed
78.75 and 21.22 of our revenues, respectively. During the fiscal year of 2022, the supply chain financing and wealth management business
of NTAM contributed 42.33 and 57.08 of our revenues, respectively. 

On September 29, 2022, FTFT UK Limited completed
its acquisition of 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., a company incorporated in England and Wales,
from Rahim Shah, a resident of United Kingdom for a total of Euros 685,000 Purchase Price ), pursuant to a Share
Purchase Agreement (the Agreement dated September 1, 2021. Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. is a money transfer company with
a platform for transferring money through one of its agent locations or via its online portal, mobile platform or over the phone. Khyber
Money Exchange Ltd. is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the parties received approval by the FCA before the
formal closing of the transaction. 

In December 2021, FTFT Capital Investments, LLC
officially launched FTFTX, a cryptocurrency market data platform that provides investors with real-time cryptocurrency market data and
trading information from a large number of cryptocurrency exchanges. The market data is available for Bitcoin, ETH, EOS, Litecoin, TRON
and other cryptocurrencies at https://www.ftftx.com and via the FTFTX App on iOS and Android devices. The FTFTX app is free to download
on Google Play and the Apple Store. 

In March 2022, FTFT UK Limited received has received approval to operate
as an Electronic Money Directive EMD Agent and has been registered as such with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA),
a UK regulator. This status grants FTFT UK Limited the ability to distribute or redeem e-money and provide certain financial services
on behalf of an e-money institution (registration number 903050). 

On February 27, 2023,
Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited Buyer ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly owned subsidiary of Future
FinTech Group Inc. (the Company entered into a Share Transfer Agreement (the Agreement with Alpha Financial
Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong Seller and sole owner and shareholder of Alpha International Securities
(Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong Alpha HK and Alpha Information Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.,
a company incorporated in China Alpha SZ ). Alpha HK holds Type 1 Securities Trading , Type 2 Futures
Contract Trading and Type 4 Securities Consulting financial licenses issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission. Alpha SZ provides technical support services to Alpha HK. 

The Company is in the
process of transition and developing its financial technology related business, including asset management, supply chain financial services,
digital banking, financial services and payment services, blockchain based e-commerce, and cryptocurrency market data services. 

13 

Chain Cloud Mall (CCM) 

The trial operation of CCM started on December
26, 2018. On January 22, 2019, the Company formally launched Chain Cloud Mall, the real-name and membership-based blockchain shared shopping
mall platform that integrates blockchain and internet technology. On June 1, 2019, CCM v2.0 was launched and on May 1, 2020, CCM v3.0
was launched. The blockchain technology enables CCM to record every event or transaction on a distributed ledger and makes the whole
process traceable. It also enables the CCM to record and provide CCM points to its members upon a successful new member and/or product
referral, which can be used as credit when making purchases on CCM. It incentivizes its members to promote the platform and share the
products with their social contacts, which in turn increases the sales through CCM. 

Due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in early 2020, the
Chinese government put a restriction on large gatherings. These restrictions made the promotion strategy for our online e-commerce platforms
difficult to implement and the Company has experienced difficulties to subscribe new members for its online e-commerce platforms. Due
to the lack of new subscribers, since the second quarter of 2021, the Company has transformed its member-based business model of CCM
to a sale agent based eCAAS platform. 

Currently, Chain Cloud Mall adopts an Enterprise
Communication as A Service or eCAAS platform which is a part of 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program run by the Anti-Counterfeiting
Committee of China Foundation of Consumer Protection (the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee ). Anti-Counterfeiting Committee
reviews and accepts the companies to join its 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program. After acceptance, these companies are authorized
to use anti-counterfeiting labels on their products which have authenticated signatures of these companies and Anti-Counterfeiting Committee
recorded on the blockchain quality and safety traceability system controlled by the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee. The companies will
sell such products on our eCAAS platform. The companies can also use sales agents to sell their products on our eCAAS platform and parties
can negotiate the commission percentages for the products sold. Any new sales agent must be recommended by existing agents and pay a
one-time fee to the eCAAS platform to be admitted as the authorized agent to provide sales agent services on the platform. 

Coal and Aluminum
Ingots Supply Chain Financing Service and Trading 

Since the second quarter
of 2021, we started coal supply chain financing service and trading business. Since the third quarter of 2021, we started aluminum ingots
supply chain financing service and trading business. 

Our supply chain finance business mainly serves
the receivables and payables of industrial customers, obtains the creditor s rights or commodity goods rights of large state-owned
enterprises through trade execution, provides customers with working capital, accelerates capital turnover, and then expands the business
scale and improves the industrial value. 

Through our supply chain service ability and
customer resources, we can tap into low-risk assets, flexibly carry out financial services around the actual financial needs of certain
industries, and reduce the overall risk of the business by using the control of business flow, goods logistics and capital flow in the
process of commodity circulation. 

We focus on bulk coal and aluminum ingots an
take large state-owned or listed companies as the core service targets; We use our own funds as the operation basis, actively uses a
variety of channels and products for financing, such as banks, commercial factoring companies, accounts receivable, asset-backed securities,
and other innovative financing methods to obtain sufficient funds. 

We sign purchase and sale agreements with suppliers and buyers. The
suppliers are responsible for the supply and transportation of coal to the end users designated freight yard or transfer the title
of aluminum ingots to us in certain warehouses. We also provide trading service as we don t take control over the ownership of the
goods but receive lower margin for the transaction. We select the customers and suppliers that have good credit and reputation. 

The Company s revenues are substantially reported on a net basis
as the supply chain service is primarily responsible for providing the underlying supply chain service and the Company does not control
the service provided by the supply chain supplier to the customer. 

14 

Asset Management
Service . 

NTAM was founded in 2018 and it engages asset
management and advisory services. NTAM is licensed under the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (SFC) for carrying out regulated
activities in Advising on Securities and Asset Management . NTAM offers diversified asset management portfolio
for professional investors. Assets of NTAM s clients are held in banks, where clients gave the banks their authorization allowing
NTAM to place trading instructions on behalf of the clients in order to manage the clients assets. 

NTAM mainly engages in following asset management services for its
clients: 

(1) Equity Investment 

NTAM manages clients investment portfolio
in stocks of the companies listed on the international market with strong liquidity. At the same time, it selects companies that have
unique or differentiated businesses, realizing above average profit growth. 

(2) Debt investment 

When NTAM manages clients investment portfolio
in bonds that are denominated in major international currencies such as US dollar, euro and sterling, the issuer of debts shall have
good credit rating and asset liability ratio. Through active management, NTAM focus in bonds with higher yield to maturity among bonds
with the same maturity and credit rating. 

(3) Precious metals and currencies investment 

NTAM also manages clients investment portfolio
in major international currencies and precious metals, including US dollar, euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Australian dollar and
offshore Chinese yuan. Precious metals include gold, platinum and silver. With research on the fundamentals of market supply and demand
to predict the trend of commodity prices, NTAM endeavors to improve the rate of return for clients through dual currency investment,
options and structured products. 

(4) Derivative Investment 

NTAM also manages clients investment portfolio
in financial derivatives in different asset classes, such as options and structured products. 

(5) External Asset Management Services (EAM) 

This business takes customer demand as the service
purpose, cooperates with several private banks which provide asset custody services, and innovatively introduces the function of investment
bank to provide exclusive private solutions for our clients. 

NTAM s main revenue is generated from
providing professional advices to clients and management fees for managing the investment of the clients. As of March 15, 2023,
NTAM has approximately US 300 million assets under its management. 

Money Transfer Business 

FTFT Finance UK Limited FTFT Finance formerly known
as Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. was acquired by FTFT UK Limited in September 2022. It is regulated by UK Financial Conduct Authority FCA for its cross-border money transfer systems and service. FTFT Finance was incorporated in 2009 and is a pioneer in
the UK for money remittance services. FTFT Finance provides money transfer services through its platform to transfer money around the
world via one of its agent locations or its online portal, mobile platform, or over the phone. FTFT Finance is headquartered in the UK
and it has a trade name of FTFT Pay. FTFT Finance s plan is to develop products and services across different regions of the world
and become a global name in money remittance services. 

15 

FTFT Finance is a financial platform that enables its customers to
send their hard-earned money to their country of origin, or any other country of their liking, with ease and at a reasonable cost, transparent
exchange rate and without any hidden charges. We believe that it is our understanding of our customers and their diverse backgrounds
that has helped FTFT Finance to become a credible and trustworthy money remittance business. The FTFT Pay platform and system support
direct connections to over 130 countries and their local banks, targeting customers with transfer destinations based in prominent countries
across the Middle East and Southeast Asia. 

Remittance service is a highly saturated market in the United Kingdom.
There are many companies that offer remittance services however FTFT Finance only sees Ace Money Transfer, Wise (formerly known as Transfer
Wise), Remitly and Remit World as its main competitors. 

FTFT Finance has an edge over companies like wise in many different
ways, for example, FTFT Finance offers competitive rates for its services and does not charge customer fees for remittance to Pakistan as it receives
its rebate from local banks. This approach provides
gives us an advantage over our competitors. 

In the Year 2022, the total UK Remittance Market
was estimated to be valued at 49.55 billion with a growth rate of 6.0 according to a report of Remittance Brave Global Headwinds of World Bank in November
2022. It is also estimate that
by the year 2027 the UK s remittance market will be 66.5 billion according to the UK remittance statistics from Finder.com. 

Expats living in the United Kingdom often
send money to their relatives either to support them, or for emergency uses or weddings. The UK has a large migrant population of
Indians, Pakistanis and Bangladeshis. 

FTFT Finance has been in money remittance business since 2009 and
has over 500,000 customers. FTFT Finance advertises through Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn in order to reach out to new customers.
FTFT Finance implemented email marketing, in which they email customers daily to keep them updated on their account, transactions as
well as marketing and promotions. 

The management of FTFT Finance are currently engaged in talks with
different PR companies to kick start a new campaign under FTFT Finance brand name as all previous campaigns were under Khyber Money Exchange
brand. 

Competition and our Competitive Advantages 

E-Commerce Market in China 

The e-commerce industry in China is intensely
competitive. Our competitors include all major e-commerce companies in China, and other internet companies that engage in social e-commerce
businesses. 

We anticipate that the e-commerce industry will
continually evolve and will continue to experience rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, shifting customer requirements,
and frequent innovation. We must continually innovate to remain competitive. 

We have a unique real-name based blockchain e-commerce
shopping platform that integrates blockchain, internet technology and distinguishes itself through its eCAAS platform which is a part
of 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program run by the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee of China Foundation of Consumer Protection. Our platform
utilizes technologies that read the authenticated signatures of the companies and Anti- Counterfeiting Committee on the products that
are recorded on the blockchain quality and safety traceability system controlled by the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee. We work closely
with Anti-Counterfeiting Committee of the China Foundation of Consumer Protection which is the first and only organization that is approved
by China s Ministry of Civil Affairs that specializes in anti- counterfeiting in China. 

16 

Asset Management Market in Hong Kong 

We believe NTAM has the following competitive
advantages in the asset management market in Hong Kong: 

(1) Provide customers with comprehensive and
professional financial services 

NTAM currently holds Type 4 (Securities Advisory)
and Type 9 (Asset Management) regulated activity licenses issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. It can provide a
series of professional financial services for customers, including providing financial advisory services, and various capital entrusted
investment management services for the investment in the companies and instruments listed or unlisted on the stock exchanges in Hong
Kong, mainland China and worldwide. 

(2) Simple and efficient management structure 

Compared with the multi-level structure with
multiple approval procedures by other large firms, NTAM adopts a more concise and efficient direct reporting system. Each business team
can directly report the business to the board of directors of NTAM, which provides fast and efficient services for the company s
customers, quickly responds to the changes of market conditions, timely seizes market investment opportunities and responds to adverse
factors. 

(3) An experienced and diligent management team 

The senior managers in NTAM have many years of
experience in private banks and accounting firms and some of them have been in the asset management industry for more than 10 years.
The management team has a comprehensive vision and efficient execution ability, and can bring more incremental business to the company
with their professional advantages and personal resources. 

(4) Maintain close and stable relationship with
customers 

NTAM has established a close and stable
business relationship with its existing customers and understood their long-term business objectives, strategies and preferences, so
that it can provide customized advisory and asset management services to the customers. NTAM believes its market reputation and
existing customers confidence in the company can promote customers to introduce and bring new customers. 

Supply Chain Finance Market in China 

We believe our supply chain finance business
has the following competitive strengths and set us apart from our competitors: 

(1) Independent risk control management system 

At the beginning of its establishment, we established
a complete and independent risk control management system for our supply chain fianc business, and have strictly implemented
the unified and comprehensive risk control management for customer access, contract signing, business execution, and capital allocation. 

(2) High-quality customer groups 

The criteria for our corporate clients are generally
the wholly owned or controlled subsidiaries of large state-owned companies or publicly listed companies. At present, our customers are
mainly in the coal and metal industries, power generation and heating industries, which includes subsidiary of China Datang Corporation,
one of the five large-scale power generation enterprises in China. 

17 

(3) Standardization of financing process and
system 

To improve operational efficiency and decision-making
timeliness, we have established a standardized financing process and system to provide supply chain finance and services. 

(4) Access to capital market 

One of the key elements to the supply chain finance
is to have access to sufficient funds in order to expand its business and increase number of clients. Our supply chain business will
take the advantage as a subsidiary of the public company of Future FinTech as well as its other financial technology business development
to obtain enough funds for its further development and provide comprehensive financial services to its clients. 

Money Transfer Market in UK 

Remittance service is a highly saturated market in the United Kingdom.
There are many companies that offer remittance services however FTFT Finance only sees Ace Money Transfer, Wise (formerly known as Transfer
Wise), Remitly and Remit World as its main competitors. 

FTFT Finance has an edge over companies like
wise in many different ways, for example, FTFT Finance offers competitive rates for its services and it does not charge customer
fees for remittance to Pakistan as it receives its rebate from local banks. This approach provides gives us an advantage over our competitors. 

Industry and Principal Markets 

E-Commerce Market in China 

According to emarketer data, the global e-commerce
market is expected to reach US 5.5 trillion in 2022. China is leading the global e-commerce market, with online sales of nearly 4.61
trillion in 2022, accounting for half of the total global e-commerce market. The United States, which ranks second in the world, is expected
to have a total e-commerce market of about US 890 billion in 2022. In addition, China s digital consumers reached 842 million,
accounting for 38 of the global total, ranking first in the world. In terms of retail, 56.3 of China s retail transactions
come from e-commerce, and China is the first country in history where online retail sales exceed offline retail sales. 

Asset Management Market in Hong Kong 

According to a report by Research Office Information
Services Division Legislative Council Secretariat on April 30, 2021, asset management is an important pillar for Hong Kong as an international
financial center. While Hong Kong serves as the gateway for overseas investors to invest in the mainland China, it also serves as the
gateway for the mainland investors to invest in overseas markets at the same time. This has contributed to the rapid development of the
asset management industry in Hong Kong. According to the latest available information, asset management accounted for 1.0 of Hong Kong s
Gross Domestic Product in 2017. As at end-2020, there were 1,914 companies licensed by or registered with the Securities and Futures
Commission SFC to carry out asset management business, representing an increase of 78 over 2014. Over the same period,
the number of individuals licensed for asset management also grew from 7,729 to 13,074. The thriving development of the sector is also
reflected in the rising trend in the revenue received by the industry. According to the Census and Statistics Department of Hong Kong,
the business receipts index for the industry increased to 135 in 2020, representing an increase of 45 over 2014. According to a survey
by SFC, Hong Kong s asset management business amounted to HK 17.9 trillion (approximately US 2.29 trillion) as at end-2019. Within
the industry, licensed corporations (e.g. fund houses) were the major market players, accounting for 87 of the total business. This
was followed by registered institutions (i.e. banks engaging in asset management business) (7 and insurance companies (6 ). 

18 

Supply Chain Finance Market in China 

Supply chain finance has become an important
financing channel for small and medium-sized enterprises in China. Although China started late in supply chain finance, thanks to the
favorable regulatory environment and good economic development, the scale of China s supply chain financial market reached RMB 32.2 trillion (approximately US 4.6 trillion) in 2022 according to the Overview Survey and Development Strategy Research Consulting
Report for China Supply Chain Finance Industry 2021-2027 by Zhongyan Puhua Industry Research Institute. 

The market participants in supply chain finance
business in China are diversified, among which supply chain management service companies, internet financial platforms and business sections
of commercial banks have a total market share of nearly 60 , according to the 2021 China Supply Chain Finance Market Forecast and Investment
Strategy Planning Analyst Report by Qianzhan Industry Research Institute. 

Since 2021, the performance of bulk commodities
has been particularly strong. Affected by COVID-19 pandemic and related supply chain disruption, economic recovery, monetary easing and
the carbon emission control goal, the prices of bulk commodities have been rising, among which the price of coal has reached a new high
in 2021. In this context, the active trading situation and market demand provide a good business environment for commodity supply chain
enterprises. 

Commodity supply chain is an important part of
modern economic system. The development of China s bulk commodity supply chain is conducive to the optimal allocation of bulk commodity
resources and further enhance China s competitiveness and voice in the global bulk commodity market. 

In recent years, thanks to good economic development
and favorable policy support, China s supply chain financial market has developed rapidly. The scale of supply chain financial
market in China has increased from RMB 16.7 trillion in 2016 to RMB 28.6 trillion in 2021, with an average annual compound growth rate
of 10.5 . The market scale in 2023 is expected to be the same as that in 2022, which was approximately RMB32.2 trillion. With the recovery of the
economy after negative impact caused by COVID-19 in 2022, the supply chain finance industry will continue to expand. The rapid development
of the downstream demands help the growth of the supply chain finance industry. It is estimated that the compound annual growth rate (CAGR)
of the market size of China s supply chain finance industry will be 7 from 2022 to 2027. By 2027, the market size of China s supply
chain finance industry will reach RMB 42.9 trillion. (According to the Overview Survey and Development Strategy
Research Consulting Report for China Supply Chain Finance Industry 2021-2027 by Zhongyan Puhua Industry Research Institute.) 

The Chinese government has regarded the
development of supply chain finance as an effective way to promote the real economy and supply chain industry. The Guideline
Opinions of Promoting Supply Chain Finance to Serve the Real Economy issued by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission in
2019 and the Opinions on Management of the Development of Supply Chain Finance to Support the Stable Business Cycle and Optimized
Upgrade for Supply Chain Industry jointly issued by the People s Bank of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology MIIT ), the Ministry of Commerce, China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and four other
regulatory departments in 2020 are designed to encourage and promote the development of supply chain industry. 

Money Transfer Market in UK 

In the Year 2022, the total UK Remittance Market
was estimated to be valued at 49.55 billion with a growth rate of 6.0 according to a report of Remittance Brave Global Headwinds of World Bank in November
2022. It is also estimate that
by the year 2027 the UK s remittance market will be 66.5 billion according to the UK remittance statistics from Finder.com. 

Expats living in the United Kingdom often send
money to their relatives either to support them, or for emergency uses or weddings. The UK has a large migrant population of Indians,
Pakistanis and Bangladeshis. 

19 

Marketing and Sales 

Due to the lack of new
member subscriptions caused by restrictions on our promotion strategy for the control of spread of COVID-19, we have transformed the
CCM shopping mall to an Enterprise Communication as A Service or eCAAS platform. The eCAAS platform is entrusted by the
Anti-Counterfeiting Committee of the China Foundation of Consumer Protection (the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee to run
its 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program. 

Anti-Counterfeiting
Committee will review and accept the companies to join its 3.15 China Responsible Brand Program. After acceptance, these companies are
authorized to use anti-counterfeiting labels on their products and sell them on our eCAAS platform. The companies can also use sales
agents to sell their products on our eCAAS platform and parties can negotiate the commission percentages for the products sold. Any new
sales agent must be recommended by existing agents and pay a one-time fee to the eCAAS platform to be admitted as the authorized agent
to provide sales agent services on the platform. 

We market our supply chain financing services
to large state-owned or controlled enterprises and public company, with a focus on energy and metal industries. Our supply chain finance
business has established a high-quality team that fully understands our strategy and market situation and is sensitive to market changes
to find target customers and expand our business. Based on standardized operation, our team has established a good reputation in the
cooperation with existing customers, and to reach out to their respective upstream and downstream business partners to expand our business
scope. 

NTAM has multidimensional flexible layout for
its business development. It manages clients investment portfolio in a diversified manner across multiple asset classes in global
markets. The type and proportion of positions are determined according to the long-term and short-term investment goals of investors
and other market factors. In terms of specific operation, NTAM relies on solid investment and research ability to flexibly adjust its
position and avoid the price fluctuation of its subject matter caused by risk events. NTAM also uses License + talent to
maintain core competitiveness. With its Type 4 (Securities Advisory) and Type 9 (Asset Management) licenses issued by the Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission, NTAM continues to take the advantages of such licenses to optimize its business structure, expand the business
scale, actively expand business opportunities in different regions, continue to recruit outstanding talents in the industry, and introduce
incentive measures for the senior management, so as to maintain the development vitality of the company, continuously strengthening the
core competitiveness. NTAM runs its risk management system throughout its core business operations and continuously evaluates the potential
risks that may cause impact in the daily operation of its business segment, including evaluating the effectiveness of existing internal
control measures, whether they are sufficient to deal with potential risks and whether they need to be supplemented. The relevant review
results are entered in time to analyze the potential strategic impact, so that the internal control measures can be more effective and
timely, and ensure the steady operation of the company while developing rapidly. 

FTFT Finance has been in money remittance business since 2009 and
has over 500,000 customers. FTFT Finance advertises through Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn in order to reach out to new
customers. FTFT Finance implemented email marketing, in which they email customers daily to keep them updated on their account,
transactions as well as marketing and promotions. The management of FTFT Finance are currently engaged in talks with different PR
companies to kick start a new campaign under FTFT Finance brand name as all previous campaigns were under Khyber Money Exchange
brand. 

20 

Government Regulations 

Regulations on Cybersecurity Review 

On December 28, 2021, Cybersecurity Review Measures
was published by Cyberspace Administration of China or the CAC, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology, Ministry of Public Security, Ministry of State Security, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce, People s
Bank of China, State Administration of Radio and Television, China Securities Regulatory Commission, State Secrecy Administration and
State Cryptography Administration, effective on February 15, 2022, which provides that, Critical Information Infrastructure Operators CIIOs that purchase internet products and services and Online Platform Operators engaging in data processing activities
that affect or may affect national security shall be subject to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On November
14, 2021, CAC published the Administration Measures for Cyber Data Security (Draft for Public Comments), or the Cyber Data Security
Measure (Draft) , which requires cyberspace operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list abroad
to file a cybersecurity review with the Office of Cybersecurity Review. 

Regulations Relating to E-Commerce 

On March 15, 2021, the SAMR promulgated
the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Online Transactions, which took effect on May 1, 2021. Under the Measures
for the Supervision and Administration of Online Transactions, online transaction operators engaging in business activities should follow
the principles of voluntariness, equality, fairness, and good faith, comply with laws, regulations, rules, business ethics, public order,
and good morals, participate in market competition fairly, earnestly perform statutory obligations, actively assume subject responsibilities,
and accept supervision from all sectors of the society. Online transaction platform operators should require business operators that
are applying to sell goods or provide services on their platforms to provide authentic information such as information relating to identity,
address, contact, and administrative license, verify and register such information, create registration files, and verify and update
such information at least once every six months. In addition, online transaction platform operators should establish an inspection and
monitoring system relating to information of business operators on their platforms and relating to goods and services such business operators
advertise. Where an online transaction platform operator identifies any information relating to goods and services on its platforms that
is in violation of laws, regulations or rules on market supervision and administration, damages national or public interests, or is detrimental
to public order or good morals, it must take necessary measures to remove such information in accordance with the law, maintain relevant
records, and report the same to the administration for market regulation. 

In March 2016, the State Administration of Taxation,
or the SAT, the Ministry of Finance, or the MOF, and the General Administration of Customs jointly issued the Circular on Tax Policy
for Cross-Border E-Commerce Retail Imports, which took effect in April 2016. Pursuant to this circular, goods imported through the cross-border
e-commerce retail are subject to tariff, import value-added tax, and consumption tax based on the types of goods. Individuals purchasing
any goods imported through cross-border e-commerce retail are taxpayers, and e-commerce companies, companies operating e-commerce transaction
platforms or logistic companies are required to withhold the taxes. 

On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee
of the National People s Congress promulgated the E-Commerce Law, which became effective on January 1, 2019. The E-Commerce
Law sets forth a series of requirements on e-commerce platform operators. According to the E-Commerce Law, e-commerce platform
operators shall verify and register platform merchants, and cooperate with the market regulatory administrative department and tax
administrative department to conduct industry and commerce registrations and tax registrations for merchants. The e-commerce
platform operators shall also prepare a contingency plan for cybersecurity events and take technological measures and other measures
to prevent online illegal and criminal activities. The E-Commerce Law also expressly requires platform operators to take necessary
actions to ensure fair dealing on their platforms to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of consumers, including to
prepare platform service agreements and transaction information record-keeping and transaction rules, to prominently display such
documents on the platform s website, and to keep such information for no fewer than three years following the completion of a
transaction. To legally handle intellectual property infringement disputes, upon receipt of the notice specifying preliminary
evidence for alleged infringement, the platform operators are required to take necessary measures in a timely manner, such as
deleting, blocking and disconnecting the hyperlinks, terminating transactions and services, and forwarding notices to merchants on
its platform. If an e-commerce platform operator fails to take necessary measures when it knows or should have known that a merchant
on the platform infringes any third-party intellectual property rights, products or services provided by a merchant on its platform
do not meet the requirements regarding personal or property safety, or any merchant otherwise impairs the lawful rights and
interests of consumers, the e-commerce platform operator will be held jointly liable with the merchants on its platform. 

21 

Moreover, the E-Commerce Law imposes a requirement
on operators of e-commerce platforms to assist in tax collection with respect to income generated by sellers from transactions conducted
on e-commerce platforms, including among others, submitting to the tax authority information on the identities of sellers on e-commerce
platforms and other information relating to tax payment. Failure to comply with the requirement may result in operators of e-commerce
platform being subject to fines and, in severe circumstances, suspension of business operations of e-commerce platforms. If the merchants
on our platform were deemed to be selling our products on consignment basis, the PRC tax authorities may require our members to make
tax registration and request our assistance in these efforts, pursuant to the new E-Commerce Law, and the merchants may be subject to
more stringent tax compliance requirements. See Risk Factors Failure to comply with the relatively new E-Commerce Law
may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations . According to the EIT Law,
the VAT Law and other applicable regulations, sellers that conduct transactions on e-commerce platforms are generally subject to enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25 , and value-added tax at a rate of 13 or 9 for services or products sold on the e-commerce platforms. Certain
sellers that are deemed as small taxpayers under PRC law are subject to reduced value-added tax at a rate of 3 . 

Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial
Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the New Overseas Listing Rules with five interpretive guidelines, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The New Overseas Listing Rules require Chinese domestic enterprises
to complete filings with relevant governmental authorities and report related information under certain circumstances. The required filing
scope is not limited to the initial public offering, but also includes subsequent overseas securities offering, single or multiple acquisition(s),
share swap, transfer of shares or other means to seek an overseas direct or indirect listing and a secondary listing or dual major listing
of issuers already listed overseas. According to the Notice on Arrangements for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises,
published by the CSRC on February 17, 2023, a company that (i) has already completed overseas listing or (ii) has already obtained the
approval for the offering or listing from overseas securities regulators or exchanges but has not completed such offering or listing before
effective date of the new rules and also completes the offering or listing before September 30, 2023 will be considered as an existing
listed company and is not required to make any filing until it conducts a new offering in the future. Furthermore, upon the occurrence
of any of the material events specified below after an issuer has completed its offering and listed its securities on an overseas stock
exchange, the issuer shall submit a report thereof to the CSRC within 3 working days after the occurrence and public disclosure of the
event: (i) change of control; (ii) investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory agencies or other competent authorities;
(iii) change of listing status or transfer of listing segment; or (iv) voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

Value-Added Telecommunication Business Operating Licenses 

The PRC Telecommunications Regulations, or the
Telecom Regulations, which were issued by the State Council in 2000 and were most recently amended in February 2016 are the primary governing
law on telecommunication services. The Telecom Regulations set out the general framework for the provision of telecommunication services
by PRC entities. Under the Telecom Regulations, telecommunications service providers are required to procure operating licenses prior
to their commencement of operations. The Telecom Regulations draw a distinction between basic telecommunications services 
and value-added telecommunications services. A Catalog of Telecommunications Business was issued as an attachment
to the Telecom Regulations to categorize telecommunications services as basic or value-added. In December 2015, MIIT released the Catalog
of Telecommunication Business (2015 Revision), or the 2015 Telecom Catalog, implemented in March 2016. Under the 2015 Telecom Catalog,
both the online data processing and transaction processing business (i.e., operating e-commerce business) and information service business,
continue to be categorized as value-added telecommunication services. 

In March 2009, MIIT issued the Administrative
Measures for Telecommunications Business Operating Permit, or the Telecom Permit Measures, which was implemented in 2009 and most recently
amended in 2017. Pursuant to the Telecom Permit Measures, the operation scope of the value-added telecommunication business operating
license, or VATS license, shall detail the permitted activities of the enterprise to which it is granted. An approved telecommunication
services operator shall conduct its business in accordance with the specifications recorded on its VATS License. The VATS Licenses can
be further categorized based on the specific business operations permitted to be carried out under such licenses, including among others,
the VATS Licenses for internet information services, or the ICP License, and the VATS License for electronic data interchange business,
or the EDI License. In addition, a VATS License holder is required to obtain approval from the original permit-issuing authority prior
to any change to its shareholders, business scope or other information recorded on such license. In February 2015, the State Council
issued the Decisions on Cancelling and Adjusting a Batch of Administrative Approval Items, which, among other things, replaced the pre-registration
approval requirement for telecommunications businesses with a post-registration approval requirement. 

In September 2000, the State Council promulgated
the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services, or the Internet Measures, most recently amended in January 2011. Under
the Internet Measures, internet information services refer to the provision of information through the internet to online
users, and are divided into commercial internet information services and non-commercial internet information services .
Commercial internet information services operators shall obtain an ICP License, from the relevant government authorities within China.
E-commerce (Tianjin), the VIE, holds our VATS License for our Value-Added Telecommunication businesses. 

22 

Regulations Relating to Internet Information Security and Privacy Protection 

Internet information in China is regulated from a
national security standpoint. The National People s Congress, or the NPC, enacted the Decisions on Preserving Internet Security
in December 2000 and amended in August 2009, which subject violators to potential criminal punishment in China for any attempt to: (i)
gain improper entry into a computer or system of strategic importance; (ii) disseminate politically disruptive information; (iii) leak
state secrets; (iv) spread false commercial information; or (v) infringe intellectual property rights. The Ministry of Public Security
of the PRC, or the MPS, promulgated the Administrative Measures for the Computer Information Network and Internet Security Protection
in December 1998 and amended in January 2011, which prohibits use of the internet in ways which, among other things, result in a leak
of state secrets or a spread of socially destabilizing content. If an internet information service provider violates these measures, the
MPS and its local branches may issue a warning, confiscate the illegal gains, impose fines, and, in severe cases, advise competent authority
to revoke its operating license or shut down its websites. 

Under the Several Provisions on Regulating the Market
Order of Internet Information Services, issued by the MIIT in December 2011 and implemented in March 2012, an internet information service
provider may not collect any user personal information or provide any such information to third parties without the consent of the user.
An internet information service provider must expressly inform the users of the method, content and purpose of the collection and processing
of such user personal information and may only collect such information necessary for the provision of its services. An internet information
service provider is also required to properly maintain the user s personal information, and in case of any leak or likely leak of
the user s personal information, the internet information service provider must take immediate remedial measures and, in severe
circumstances, immediately report to the telecommunications authority. Moreover, pursuant to the Ninth Amendment to the Criminal Law issued
by Standing Committee of the National People s Congress (the SCNPC in August 2015 and implemented in November 2015,
any internet service provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to internet information security administration as required
by applicable laws and refuses to rectify such failure upon orders, shall be subject to criminal penalty for the result of (i) any dissemination
of illegal information in large scale; (ii) any severe effect due to the leakage of the client s information; (iii) any serious
loss of criminal evidence; or (iv) other severe situation. Any individual or entity that (i) sells or provides personal information to
others in a way violating the applicable law, or (ii) steals or illegally obtains any personal information, shall be subject to criminal
penalty in severe situation. In addition, the Interpretations of the Supreme People s Court and the Supreme People s Procuratorate
of the PRC on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in Handling Criminal Cases of Infringing Personal Information, issued in
May 2017 and implemented in June 2017, clarified certain standards for the conviction and sentencing of the criminals in relation to personal
information infringement. 

In November 2016, the SCNPC promulgated the Cyber
Security Law of the PRC, or the Cyber Security Law, which became effective on June 1, 2017. The Cyber Security Law requires that a network
operator, which includes, among other things, internet information services providers, take technical measures and other necessary measures
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the compulsory requirements of the national and industrial standards to safeguard
the safe and stable operation of its networks. We are subject to such requirements as we are operating websites and mobile applications
and providing certain internet services mainly through our mobile applications. The Cyber Security Law further requires internet information
service providers to formulate contingency plans for network security incidents, report to the competent departments immediately upon
the occurrence of any incident endangering cyber security and take corresponding remedial measures. 

Internet information service providers are also required to maintain the
integrity, confidentiality and availability of network data. The Cyber Security Law reaffirms the basic principles and requirements specified
in other existing laws and regulations on personal data protection, such as the requirements on the collection, use, processing, storage
and disclosure of personal data, and internet information service providers being required to take technical and other necessary measures
to ensure the security of the personal information they have collected and prevent the personal information from being divulged, damaged
or lost. Any violation of the Cyber Security Law may subject the internet information service provider to warnings, fines, confiscation
of illegal gains, revocation of licenses, cancellation of filings, shutdown of websites or criminal liabilities. 

23 

Furthermore, MIIT s Rules on Protection
of Personal Information of Telecommunications and Internet Users promulgated in July 2013, effective September 2013, contain detailed
requirements on the use and collection of personal information as well as security measures required to be taken by telecommunications
business operators and internet information service providers. 

Regulations Relating to Pledged Assets and Rights in PRC 

On January 1, 2021, the Civil Code of China took
effective which replaced the Guarantee Law, Contract Law, Property Law and General Provisions of Civil Law. The credit control measures
used in supply chain finance business mostly are subject to the relevant provisions of the Civil Code. Article 681 of the Civil Code
stipulates that a guarantee contract is a contract to ensure the realization of creditor s rights. The guarantor and the creditor
may agree when the debtor fails to pay its due debts or the event agreed by the parties occur, the guarantor shall pay the debts or bear
responsibility. Article 696 of the Civil Code stipulates that if the creditor transfers all or part of the creditor s rights without
notifying the guarantor, the transfer shall have no effect on the guarantor. The guarantor and the creditor may agree to prohibit the
transfer of creditor s rights. Also, if the collateral lien is not registered, it cannot be used against a bona fide third party.
A bona fide third party means a buyer who has paid a reasonable price and obtained the property in normal business activities. In supply
chain finance business, the bulk goods are usually used as collaterals for the financing and the pledge must be registered in order to
be used against the claim from a bona fide buyer. Certain accounts receivable may be pledged pursuant to the Civil Code. Article 440
of the Civil Code stipulates that the debtor or a third party that has the disposal rights to the assets may pledge such assets, including
bills of exchange, promissory notes and cheques, bonds and certificates of deposit, warehouse receipt and bill of lading, etc. The Decision
On Implementation of Unified Registration of Tangible Assets and Rights Guarantees by the State Council became effective on January 1,
2021. The types of tangible assets and right guarantees covered by the unified registration include production equipment, raw materials,
semi-finished products and products, accounts receivable, deposit certificate, warehouse receipt and bill of lading, finance lease and
factoring, etc. The tangible assets and rights guarantee covered by the unified registration shall be registered by the parties through
the unified registration and publicity system of tangible assets financing under the credit investigation center of the People s
Bank of China, and parties shall be responsible for the authenticity, integrity and legitimacy of the registered contents. The registration
authority does not conduct substantive examination of the registered contents. 

Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property in the PRC 

Trademark 

The Trademark Law of the PRC was promulgated
in August 2013, which took effect in May 2014 (the Trademark Law ), and was revised in 2019, and its implementation rules
protect registered trademarks. The Trademark Office of National Intellectual Property Administration, PRC, formerly the PRC Trademark
Office of the State Administration of Market Regulation, is responsible for the registration and administration of trademarks throughout
the PRC. The Trademark Law has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark registration. Registered trademarks
are granted a valid term of ten years, which can be renewed each time for another ten years commencing from the day after the expiry
date of the last period of validity if the required renewal formalities have been completed. Pursuant to the PRC Trademark Law, counterfeit
or unauthorized production of the label of another person s registered trademark, or sale of any label that is counterfeited or
produced without authorization will be deemed as an infringement to the exclusive right to use a registered trademark. The infringing
party will be ordered to stop the infringement immediately, a fine may be imposed, and the counterfeit goods will be confiscated. The
infringing party may also be held liable for the right holder s damages, which will be equal to the gains obtained by the infringing
party or the losses suffered by the right holder as a result of the infringement, including reasonable expenses incurred by the right
holder for stopping the infringement. 

24 

Regulations Relating
to Asset Management in Hong Kong. 

The Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong, or the HKSFO, including its subsidiary legislation, is the principal legislation regulating the securities
and futures industry in Hong Kong, including the regulation of securities and futures markets and leveraged foreign exchange trading,
the offering of investments to the public in Hong Kong, and intermediaries and their conduct of regulated activities. In particular,
Part V of the HKSFO and the relevant guidelines and codes issued by the HKSFC deal with licensing and registration matter. 

The HKSFO is administered
by the HKSFC, which is the statutory regulatory body that governs the securities and futures markets and non-bank retail leveraged
foreign exchange market in Hong Kong. 

The HKSFC is an independent
statutory body which administers the HKSFO and is responsible for regulating the securities and the futures industry in Hong Kong, including
Brokers, investment advisers, fund managers, and intermediaries carrying out the regulated activities as listed in Licensing
Regime Under the HKSFO Types of Regulated Activities below. The HKSFC works to strengthen and protect the integrity and
soundness of Hong Kong s securities and futures markets for the benefit of investors and the industry. 

Licensing Regime
Under the HKSFO 

The functions of the
HKSFC, as a gatekeeper of standards for individuals and corporations seeking approval to enter into the securities and futures markets
of Hong Kong, include the following: 

grant
 licenses to those who are appropriately qualified and can demonstrate their fitness and properness
 to be licensed under the HKSFO; 

maintain online a public register of licensed persons and registered
 corporations; 

monitor the ongoing compliance of licensing requirements by licensees,
 substantial shareholders of licensed corporations, and directors of licensed corporations; and 

initiate policies on licensing issues. 

The HKSFC operates a
system of authorizing corporations and individuals (through licenses) to act as financial intermediaries. Under the HKSFO, a corporation
that is not an authorized financial institution (as defined in section 2(1) of the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155) of Hong Kong) and is: 

carrying on a business in a regulated activity (or holding out as carrying
 on a regulated activity), or 

actively marketing, whether in Hong Kong or from a place outside Hong
 Kong, to the public such services it provides, would constitute a regulatory activity if provided in Hong Kong, 

must be licensed by
the HKSFC to carry out that regulatory activity, unless one of the exemptions under the HKSFO applies. 

In addition to the licensing
requirements on corporations, any individual who: (i) performs any regulated function in relation to a regulated activity carried
on as a business, or (ii) holds himself out as performing such regulated activity, must be licensed separately under the HKSFO as
a Licensed Representative accredited to his principal. 

25 

Types of Regulated Activities Under
the HKSFO 

The HKSFO provides a
licensing regime under which a person needs a license to carry on different types of regulated activities as specified in Schedule 5
of the HKSFO. The different types of regulated activities are set out as follows: 

Type 1: dealing in securities; 

Type 2: dealing in futures
contracts; 

Type 3: leveraged foreign
exchange trading; 

Type 4: advising on
securities; 

Type 5: advising on
futures contracts; 

Type 6: advising on
corporate finance; 

Type 7: providing automated
trading services; 

Type 8: securities margin
financing; 

Type 9: asset management; 

Type 10: providing credit
rating services; 

Type 11: Dealing in
OTC derivative products or advising on OTC derivative products; and 

Type 12: Providing client
clearing services for OTC derivative transactions. 

The Type 12 regulated
activity came into operation on September 1, 2016 pursuant to the Securities and Futures (Amendment) Ordinance 2014 (Commencement)
Notice 2016 (L.N. 27 of 2016), in so far as it relates to paragraph (c) of the new definition of excluded services 
in Part 2 of Schedule 5 to the HKSFO. The licensing requirement with respect to Type 12 regulated activity is, as of the date of this
annual report, not yet in operation and the effective date will be appointed by the Hong Kong Secretary for Financial Services and the
Treasury by notice published in the Gazette. 

As of the date of this
annual report, our subsidiary NTAM is licensed under the HKSFO to conduct the following regulated activities: 

Company 
 
 Type of Regulated Activities 
 
 Nice Talent Asset Management Limited NTAM (1) 
 
 Type 4 and Type 9 

Notes: 

(1) 
 The following conditions are currently imposed on the HKSFC license
 of NTAM: 

The licensee shall only provide services to professional investors.
 The term professional investor is as defined in the HKSFO and its subsidiary legislation. 

The licensee shall not hold client assets. The terms hold 
 and client assets are as defined under the HKSFO. 

26 

Licensed Corporation 

For application as a
licensed corporation, the applicant has to be incorporated in Hong Kong or an overseas company registered with the Companies Registry
of Hong Kong. The licensed corporation has to satisfy the HKSFC that it has proper business structure, good internal control systems
and qualified personnel to ensure the proper management of risks that it will encounter in carrying on the proposed regulated activities
as detailed in its business plan submitted to the HKSFC. Detailed guidelines to meet the requirements and expectations of the HKSFC are
contained in the following publications of the HKSFC: 

Guidelines on Competence 

the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with
 the Securities and Futures Commission, or the Code of Conduct; 

the Management, Supervision and Internal Control Guidelines
 for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the HKSFC 

Corporate Finance Adviser Code of Conduct and 

Fund Manager Code of Conduct. 

Responsible Officers 

For each regulated activity
conducted by a licensed corporation, it must appoint no less than two responsible officers, at least one of them must be an executive
director, to directly supervise the business of such regulated activity. A responsible officer is an individual approved by the HKSFC
to supervise the regulated activity or activities of the licensed corporation to which he or she is accredited. For each regulated activity
of a licensed corporation, it should have at least one responsible officer available at all times to supervise the business. 

Qualification and Experience Required
for Being a Responsible Officer 

A person who intends
to apply to be a responsible officer must demonstrate that he or she fulfills the requirements on both competence and sufficient authority.
An applicant should possess appropriate ability, skills, knowledge, and experience to properly manage and supervise the corporation s
regulated activity or activities. Accordingly, the applicant has to fulfill certain requirements on academic and industry qualifications,
relevant industry experience, management experience, and local regulatory framework paper as stipulated by the HKSFC. 

Managers-in-Charge of Core Functions,
or MICs 

A licensed corporation
is required to designate certain individuals as MICs and provide to the HKSFC information about its MICs and their reporting lines. MICs
are individuals appointed by a licensed corporation to be principally responsible, either alone or with others, for managing each of
the following eight core functions of the licensed corporation: 

(a) 
 overall management oversight; 

(b) 
 key business lines; 

(c) 
 operational control and review; 

(d) 
 risk management; 

27 

(e) 
 finance and accounting; 

(f) 
 information technology; 

(g) 
 compliance; and 

(h) 
 anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing. 

The management structure
of a licensed corporation (including its appointment of MICs) should be approved by the board of the licensed corporation. The board
should ensure that each of the licensed corporation s MICs has acknowledged his or her appointment as MIC and the particular core
function(s) for which he or she is principally responsible. 

Fit and Proper Requirement 

Persons who apply for
licenses under the HKSFO must satisfy and continue to satisfy after the grant of such licenses by the HKSFC that they are fit and proper
persons to be so licensed. Generally, a fit and proper person means one who is financially sound, competent, honest, reputable, and reliable. 

Section 129(1)
of the HKSFO sets out a number of matters that the HKSFC shall have regard to in assessing the fitness and properness of a person, an
individual, corporation, or institution, which includes: 

financial status or solvency; 

educational or other qualifications or experience having regard to
 the nature of the functions to be performed; 

ability to carry on the regulated activity concerned competently, honestly,
 and fairly; and 

reputation, character, reliability, and financial integrity of the
 applicant and other relevant persons as appropriate. 

The above fit and proper
criteria serve as the fundamental basis when the HKSFC considers each license or registration application. Detailed guidelines are contained
in the Fit and Proper Guidelines, the Licensing Information Booklet, and the Guidelines on Competence 
published by the HKSFC. 

The Fit and Proper Guidelines
apply to a number of persons including the following: 

an individual who applies for license or is licensed under Part V of
 the HKSFO; 

a licensed representative who applies for approval or is approved as
 a responsible officer under Part V of the HKSFO; 

a corporation which applies for license or is licensed under Part V
 of the HKSFO; 

an authorized financial institution which applies for registration
 or is registered under Part V of the HKSFO; 

an individual whose name is to be or is entered in the register maintained
 by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority under section 20 of the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155) of Hong Kong; and 

an individual who applies to be or has been given consent to act as
 an executive director of a registered institution under section 71C of the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of Hong Kong). 

28 

Section 129(2)
of the HKSFO empowers the HKSFC to take into consideration any of the following in considering whether a person is fit and proper: 

decisions made by such relevant authorities as stated in section 129(2)(a)
 of the HKSFO or any other authority or regulatory organization, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, in respect of that person; 

in the case of a corporation, any information relating to: 

o 
 any other corporation within the group of companies; or 

o 
 any substantial shareholder or officer of the corporation or of any
 of its group companies; 

in the case of a corporation licensed under section 116 or 117 of the
 HKSFO or registered under section 119 of the HKSFO or an application for such license or registration: 

o 
 any information relating to any other person who will be acting for
 or on its behalf in relation to the regulated activity; and 

o 
 whether the person has established effective internal control procedures
 and risk management systems to ensure its compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements under any of the relevant provisions; 

in the case of a corporation licensed under section 116 or section
 117 of the HKSFO or an application for the license, any information relating to any person who is or to be employed by, or associated
 with, the person for the purposes of the regulated activity; and 

the state of affairs of any other business which the person carries
 on or proposes to carry on. 

The HKSFC is obliged
to refuse an application to be licensed if the applicant fails to satisfy the HKSFC that the applicant is a fit and proper person to
be licensed. The onus is on the applicant to make out a case that the applicant is fit and proper to be licensed for the regulated activity. 

Continuing Obligations of Licensed Corporations 

Licensed corporations,
licensed representatives, and responsible officers must remain fit and proper as defined under the HKSFO at all times. They are required
to comply with all applicable provisions of the HKSFO and its subsidiary rules and regulations as well as the codes and guidelines issued
by the HKSFC. 

Outlined below are some
of the key continuing obligations of the licensed corporations within the Group under the HKSFO: 

maintenance of minimum paid-up share capital and liquid capital,
 and submission of financial returns to the HKSFC in accordance with the requirements under the Securities and Futures (Financial
 Resources) Rules (as discussed in more detail below); 

maintenance of segregated account(s), and custody and handling of client
 securities in accordance with the requirements under the Securities and Futures (Client Securities) Rules (Chapter 571H of the Laws
 of Hong Kong); 

maintenance of segregated account(s), and holding and payment of client
 money in accordance with the requirements under the Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules (Chapter 571I of the Laws of Hong
 Kong); 

29 

maintenance of proper records in accordance with the requirements prescribed
 under the Securities and Futures (Keeping of Records) Rules (Chapter 571O of the Laws of Hong Kong); 

maintenance of insurance against specific risks for specified amounts
 in accordance with the requirements under the Securities and Futures (Insurance) Rules (Chapter 571AI of the Laws of Hong Kong); 

payment of annual fees and submission of annual returns to the HKSFC
 within one month after each anniversary date of the license; and 

implementation of appropriate policies and procedures relating to client
 acceptance, client due diligence, record keeping, identification, and reporting of suspicious transactions and staff screening, education,
 and training in accordance with the requirements under the Guideline on Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing issued
 by the HKSFC; 

Obligation for substantial shareholders 

A person shall, in relation
to a corporation, be regarded as a substantial shareholder of the corporation if he, either alone or with any of his associates 

(a) 
 has an interest in shares in the corporation 

(i) 
 the aggregate number of which shares is equal to more than 10 of the
 total number of issued shares of the corporation; or 

(ii) 
 which entitles the person, either alone or with any of his associates
 and either directly or indirectly, to exercise or control the exercise of more than 10 of the voting power at general meetings of
 the corporation; or 

(b) 
 holds shares in any other corporation which entitles him, either alone
 or with any of his associates and either directly or indirectly, to exercise or control the exercise of 35 or more of the voting
 power at general meetings of the other corporation, or of a further corporation, which is itself entitled, either alone or with any
 of its associates and either directly or indirectly, to exercise or control the exercise of more than 10 of the voting power at
 general meetings of the corporation. 

A person shall be regarded
as being entitled to exercise or control the exercise of 35 or more of the voting power at general meetings of a corporation indirectly
if he, either alone or with any of his associates, has an interest in shares in a further corporation which entitles him, either alone
or with any of his associates, to exercise or control the exercise of 35 or more of the voting power at general meetings of the further
corporation which is itself entitled, either alone or with any of its associates, to exercise or control the exercise of 35 or more
of the voting power at general meetings of the first-mentioned corporation. 

Under section 132 of
the HKSFO, a person (including a corporation) has to apply for HKSFC s approval prior to becoming or continuing to be, as the case
may be, a substantial shareholder of a corporation licensed under section 116 of the HKSFO. A person who has become aware that he has
become a substantial shareholder of a licensed corporation without HKSFC s prior approval should, as soon as reasonably practicable
and in any event within three business days after he becomes so aware, apply to the HKSFC for approval to continue to be a substantial
shareholder of the licensed corporation. 

An application to the
HKSFC regarding the change of the substantial shareholder of NTAM to Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited was approved by the HKSFC on
June 17, 2021. 

30 

Supervision by the HKSFC 

HKSFC supervises licensed
corporations and intermediaries operating in the market. HKSFC conducts on-site inspections and off-site monitoring
to ascertain and supervise intermediaries business conduct and compliance with relevant regulatory requirements and to assess
and monitor the financial soundness of intermediaries. 

Disciplinary Power of the HKSFC 

Under Part IX of the
HKSFO and subject to the due process for exercising disciplinary powers laid down in section 198 of the HKSFO, the HKSFC may exercise
any of the following disciplinary actions against a regulated person (including a licensed person or a registered institution) if that
person is found to be guilty of misconduct or the HKSFC is of the opinion that a regulated person is not fit and proper to be or remain
the same type of regulated person (sections 194 and 196 of the HKSFO). 

revocation or suspension of a license or a registration; 

revocation or suspension of part of a license or registration in relation
 to any of the regulated activities for which a regulated person is licensed or registered; 

revocation or suspension of the approval granted to a responsible officer; 

public or private reprimand on a regulated person; 

prohibition of a regulated person from applying to be licensed or registered
 or to be approved as a responsible officer; 

prohibition of a regulated person from applying to be given consent
 to act or continue to act as an executive officer of a registered institution; 

prohibition of a regulated person from re-entry to be licensed
 or registered; and 

pecuniary penalty of not exceeding the amount of HK 10 million
 or three times the amount of the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the misconduct. 

Regulations Relating
to Money Transfer in UK. 

The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) - The FCA
is the main regulator for money transfer business in the UK. It is responsible for authorizing and supervising money transfer business
that provide payment services, including money transfer services. The FCA sets out the regulatory requirements for money transfer business
in the Payment Services Regulations 2017 (PSR 2017) and the Electronic Money Regulations 2011 (EMR). 

Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs (HMRC) - HMRC
is responsible for supervising money transfer business that are not authorized by the FCA but are required to register with HMRC for anti-money
laundering purposes. HMRC sets out the regulatory requirements for money transfer business in the Money Laundering Regulations 2017 (MLR
2017). 

While the FCA and HMRC are the main regulators
for money transfer business in the UK, there may be other regulators that money transfer business needs to comply with depending on their
specific activities. For example, if a money transfer business also provides currency exchange services, it may be subject to additional
regulations from the Financial Conduct Authority or HM Revenue Customs. 

Domain Name 

The MIIT promulgated the Measures on Administration
of Internet Domain Names, or the Domain Name Measures, on August 24, 2017, which took effect on November 1, 2017. The MIIT is the major
regulatory body responsible for the administration of PRC internet domain names, under supervision of which the China Internet Network
Information Center, or CNNIC, is responsible for the daily administration of .cn domain names and Chinese domain names.
CNNIC adopts a first-to-file principle with respect to the registration of domain names. Applicants for registration of
domain names must provide the true, accurate and complete information of their identities to domain name registration service institutions.
The applicants will become the holder of such domain names upon the completion of the registration procedure. 

Trademark. 

The Trademark Law of the PRC promulgated in August
2013 which took effect in May 2014 (the Trademark Law ), and revised in 2019, and its implementation rules protect registered
trademarks. The Trademark Office of National Intellectual Property Administration, PRC, formerly the PRC Trademark Office of the State
Administration of Market Regulation is responsible for the registration and administration of trademarks throughout the PRC. The Trademark
Law has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark registration. Where registration is sought for
a trademark that is identical or similar to another trademark which has already been registered or given preliminary examination and
approval for use in the same or similar category of commodities or services, such application for registration of this trademark may
be rejected. Trademark registrations are effective for a renewable ten-year period, unless otherwise revoked. 

31 

Copyright 

In accordance with the Copyright Law of the PRC
promulgated by the SCNPC on September 7, 1990, amended on February 26, 2010 and November 11, 2020, Chinese citizens, legal persons or
other entities own the copyright in their works whether published or not, including written works, oral works, music, comedy, arts of
talking and singing, dance and acrobatics, work of art and architecture work, photographic works, cinematographic work and work created
by the method similar to the film production method; engineering design drawing, product design drawing, map, sketch and other graphic
works and model works, computer software and other works specified by laws and administrative regulations. The rights a copyright owner
has include but not limited to the following rights of the person and property rights: the right of publication, right of authorship,
right of modification, right of integrity, right of reproduction, distribution right, rental right, right of network communication, translation
right and right of compilation. 

In accordance with the Regulations on the Protection
of Computer Software promulgated by the State Council on December 20, 2001 and last amended on January 30, 2013, Chinese citizens, legal
persons or other entities own the copyright, including the right of publication, right of authorship, right of modification, right of
reproduction, distribution right, rental right, right of network communication, translation right and other rights software copyright
owners shall have in software developed by them, regardless of whether it has been published. 

In accordance with the Measures for the Registration
of Computer Software Copyright promulgated by the National Copyright Administration on April 6, 1992 and last amended on February 20,
2002, software copyrights, exclusive licensing contracts for software copyrights and software copyright transfer contracts shall be registered,
and the National Copyright Administration shall be the competent authority for the administration of software copyright registration
and designates the Copyright Protection Center of China as a software registration authority. The Copyright Protection Center of China
shall grant a registration certification to a computer software copyright applicant who complies with regulations. Under the Copyright
Law, the term of protection for copyrighted software is 50 years. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company currently
has 34 registered Internet Domain names, including hedejiachuan.com, intervalue.vip, intervalue.net.cn, intervalue.com.cn, intervalue.cc,
intervalue.ltd, intervalue.top, ftex.ltd, ftex.net.cn, ftex.vip, ftex.top, ftex.cc, dcon.top, dconpay.com, dconio.com, digipay.ink, digipay.vip,
globalkey.vip, globalkey.shop, globalkey.store, digipay.net.cn, digipay.ltd, globalkey.net.cn, globalkey.cc, globalkey.top, ftft.top,
ftftex.com, ftft.com, ftftbank.com, mftftpay.com, inuteam.com,ftftx.com,ftftcapital.com,ftftorbit.com,ftftdigitalcapital.com. All these
Domain names are owned by the subsidiaries of the Company. 

The Company owns copyrights
for the software for its blockchain based e-commerce platform application, including: (i) a blockchain credit points discount settlement
system; (ii) a blockchain credit points circulation monitoring system; (iii) a legal currency and credit points synchronization settlement
system; (iv) a blockchain credit points flow system; (v) an agent automatic profit distribution system (vi) an agent automatic tax deduction
and accounting system; (vii) a manufacturer automatic accounting system; (viii) an e-commerce and blockchain anti-counterfeiting linkage
system; (ix) a blockchain discount and promotion automatic balance system; (x) a blockchain real-name authentication and legal responsibility
system. FTFT UK Limited owns the software for its financial app and FTFT Capital Investments L.L.C. owns the software for its marketing
data platform FTFTX. 

We believe that our continued success and competitive
status depend largely on our proprietary technology and ability to innovate. We have taken measures to protect the confidentiality of
our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. We rely on a combination of know-how, copyrights for our software and trade secret
laws, as well as confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We will take the necessary action to seek remuneration
if we believe our intellectual property rights have been infringed upon. 

32 

Human Capital Resources 

We understand that our success depends on our
ability to attract, train and retain our employees. We strive to attract, recruit, and retain employees through competitive compensation
and benefit programs, learning and development opportunities that support career growth and advancement opportunities, and employee engagement
initiatives that foster a strong Company culture. In addition to cash compensation, we offer customary benefits in accordance with local
regulatory requirements as well as performance-based stock awards to our employees. We also recognize the importance of keeping our employees
safe. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees and
have followed local government orders to prevent the spread of COVID-19. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 80 full-time
employees and 25 part-time employees, among which 49 are located in the PRC, 19 are located in Hong Kong, 12 are located in the
United States, 10 are located in United Kingdom and 9 are located in Dubai and 6 are located in Paraguay. None of our employees are
covered by a collective bargaining agreement as of the date of this Report. We consider our relationships with our employees to be
good. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

Our business and an investment in our securities
are subject to a variety of risks. The following risk factors describe the most significant events, facts or circumstances that could
have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations, ability to implement our business plan
and the market price for our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties that presently are not considered material or are not known
to us, and therefore are not mentioned herein, may impair our business operations. Many of these events are outside of our control.
If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors in our common stock could lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

An occurrence of an uncontrollable event
such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations and financial results. 

In recent years, there have been outbreaks of
epidemics in various countries, including China. Recently, there was an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19), which has
been spread rapidly to many parts of the world, including China, Hong Kong and the U.S. In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, among other things, quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary
closure of office buildings and facilities in China, Hong Kong and in the U.S. 

A large part of our revenues are generated in
China and Hong Kong. Consequently, our results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected, to the extent that
COVID-19 harms the Chinese, Hong Kong and global economy. Any potential impact to our results will depend on, to a large extent, future
developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken by government
authorities and other entities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. Potential impacts
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

temporary closure of offices, travel restrictions or suspension of
 transportation of products to our customers; and our suppliers have been negatively affected, and could continue to be negatively
 affected, on their ability to fulfill our demands if there is any resurgence of COVID-19; 

our customers that are negatively impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19
 may reduce their budgets to purchase our products and services, which may materially adversely impact our revenue; 

33 

We may have to provide significant sales incentives to our customers
 in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, which may in turn materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; 

The business operations of our customers and suppliers have been and
 could continue to be negatively impacted by the outbreak, which may result in loss of customers or disruption of our services, which
 may in turn materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; 

any disruption of our supply chain, logistics providers or customers
 could adversely impact our business and results of operations, including causing our suppliers unable to provide products for a period
 of time or materially delay delivery to customers, which may also lead to loss of customers, as well as reputational, competitive
 and business harm to us; 

The Company s promotion strategy for our e-commerce platform
 mainly relied on the training of members and distributors through meetings and conferences. Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the
 Chinese government put a restriction on large gatherings and these restrictions has made CCM Shopping Mall and NONOGIRL difficult
 to recruit new members and the Company has to close NONOGIRL platform and change business model of CCM Shopping Mall. 

The global stock markets may experience, significant decline from the
 COVID-19 outbreak, which could materially adversely affect our stock price. 

Because of the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19
outbreak, the future impact related to the outbreak and potential resurgence as well as the local and global response cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time. There have been outbreaks of Omicron variant in various cities in China in 2022 which have resulted quarantines,
travel restrictions, and temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in these cities. In December 2022, the Chinese government
eased its strict zero COVID-19 policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19 cases during December 2022 and January 2023, which has
disrupted our business operations in China. 

The global economy has
also been materially negatively affected by the COVID-19 and there is continued severe uncertainty about the duration and intensity of
its impacts. The Chinese and global growth forecast is extremely uncertain, which would seriously affect our business. 

While the potential
economic impact brought by, and the duration of COVID-19 and its new variants may be difficult to assess or predict, a widespread pandemic
could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect
our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 and its new variants could materially
negatively affect our business and the value of our common stock. 

Further, as we do not
have access to a revolving credit facility, there can be no assurance that we would be able to secure commercial debt financing in the
future in the event that we require additional capital. We currently believe that our financial resources will be adequate to see us
through the outbreak. However, in the event that we do need to raise capital in the future, outbreak-related instability in the securities
markets could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

In general, our business could be adversely affected
by the epidemics, including, but not limited to, COVID-19, avian influenza, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), the influenza A
virus, the Ebola virus, or other outbreaks. In response to an epidemic or other outbreaks, governments and other organizations may adopt
regulations and policies that could lead to severe disruption to our daily operations, including temporary closure of our offices and
other facilities. These severe conditions may cause us and/or our partners to make internal adjustments, including but not limited to,
temporarily closing down business, limiting business hours, and setting restrictions on travel and/or visits with clients and partners
for a prolonged period of time. Various impacts arising from severe conditions may cause business disruption, resulting in material,
adverse effects to our financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

Economic conditions have had and may continue
to have an adverse effect on our customers spending on our products and services. 

The worldwide economy remains volatile and may
have entered in global recession. The adverse effect of a sustained international economic downturn, including sustained periods of decreased
spending, high unemployment levels, declining consumer or business confidence and continued volatility and disruption in the credit and
capital markets, would likely result in reduced demand for our products and services. To the extent an international economic downturn
develops, we could experience a reduction in sales volume. If we are unable to reduce our operating costs and expenses proportionately,
many of which are fixed, our results of operations would be adversely affected. 

The supply chain financing service industry
is an emerging and rapidly evolving industry in China and we might not achieve the development as we expected. 

The supply chain financing service industry in
China is highly dynamic and rapidly evolving. Operating in this industry demands applying cutting-edge technologies to digitalize supply
chain financing workflows and optimize payment cycles, which is an emerging and relatively new business model in China. In addition,
we are faced with uncertainties relating to the intensifying competition and evolving regulatory environment in China s supply
chain financing service industry. There have been limited proven methods to project available technology, regulatory and industry standards
on which we can rely, and the delayed, unexpected or adverse developments in this sector may adversely and materially affect our operational
and financial performances. As market dynamics, regulatory environment and our business continue to develop, we may need to adjust our
business model and continue to upgrade our products and service offerings, and if we fail to adapt to these developments promptly, or
at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

The supply chain financing service industry
is increasingly competitive in China. If we fail to compete effectively, we may lose our customers and partners, which could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The supply chain financing service industry in
the PRC is increasingly competitive, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to compete effectively and implement our business
strategies. We face intense competition primarily from third-party supply chain financing service providers. Some of these competitors
may have established strong brand recognition, robust technological capabilities and significant financial resources or offer comparable
technology solutions or own similar business scale to us. Intensifying competition may result in certain developments in this industry,
such as downward competitive pressure on price, expansion by existing competitors, adoption by our competitors of innovative technology
solutions or comparatively effective branding efforts, any of which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results
of operations and growth prospects. Increased investments made and lower prices or innovative services offered by our competitors may
require us to divert significant managerial, financial and human resources in order to remain competitive, and ultimately may place a
greater pressure on us to maintain our market share and negatively impact the revenues growth and profitability of our business. Furthermore,
our business is subject to rapid changes in the industries we operate in, such as the introduction of new business models, and the entry
of new and well-funded competitors or industry disruptors. We may face even more intensified competition as a result of certain alliances,
acquisitions or consolidations within the industries where we operate that result in emergence of stronger competitors. Existing and
new competitors may leverage their established platforms or market positions, or introduce innovative business models, to launch products
or services that may attract a large customer base and achieve rapid growth, which may materially and adversely affect our business and
results of operations. If we are not able to compete effectively, the number of our customers and partners may decrease and our market
share and profitability may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects, as well as our reputation and brand. 

35 

Our supply chain finance business faces
risks in receivables, timely supplies, credit evaluation and commodity price fluctuations all of which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our supply chain finance
business faces various risk in its operation, including (i) risk of failure to collect our receivables in time after the delivery of
commodities; (ii) risk of unable to supply the commodity according to the contract requirements such as issues of quality and/or quantity
of goods. If we fail to control such risk and strictly implement our new supplier and client evaluation standards as well as the background
investigation for our risk control, we might not receive payment for the goods delivered or lose control of the title of the goods or
breach contracts to supply goods according to its terms, which will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Also, if the market for commodities fluctuates sharply, our downstream customers might default on their purchase
obligation and cause losses to us. 

The asset management
services that NTAM provides involve various risks, and failure to identify or fully appreciate such risks will negatively affect our
reputation, client relationships, operations and prospects. 

NTAM provides asset
and wealth management service to clients. 

Neither the principal
nor the return of the asset management products that NTAM has provided its services on is guaranteed by NTAM. As such, NTAM generally
does not bear any liabilities for any loss to capital invested in the products. However, despite related risk warnings and disclaimers,
the investors may attempt to hold NTAM responsible for their losses and terminate their business with us, which could harm our reputation
and result in reduced business. In addition, although NTAM has implemented transparent disclosure policies, such policies and procedures
may not be fully effective. If NTAM or its customer service personnel are found to have engaged in misconduct or negligent in providing
their services, NTAM may be held responsible when the investors incur losses, and our reputation, client relationships, business and
prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

Our operations
of NTAM depend on key management and professional staff and our business may suffer if we are unable to recruit or retain them. 

The success of our business
is dependent, to a large extent, on the continued services of NTAM s senior management, especially Mr. Siu Kei Chan, the Chief
Executive Officer of NTAM. If NTAM loses the services of Mr. Chan, it needs to promptly hire an experienced professional from the market,
otherwise it may not be able to execute its existing business strategy effectively, or we may have to change our current business direction.
Such disruptions to our business may take up significant energy and resources of the Company, and materially and adversely affect our
future prospects. 

Moreover, NTAM daily
operations depend on the members of its mid-level management, experienced investment and trading managers, licensed representatives,
risk management officers, research analysts and IT specialists. We devote considerable resources to the recruiting and retaining these
personnel. However, the market for quality professionals is increasingly competitive. We expect to face significant competition from
other assets management firms and technology companies in hiring such personnel. The intense competition may require us to offer more
competitive compensation and other benefits to our talent, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. As a result, it may be difficult for us to continue to retain and motivate these employees, and this could affect their
decisions about whether or not they continue to work for us. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel,
or retaining and motivating existing personnel, NTAM may be unable to grow effectively. 

36 

Our risk management
and internal control systems of NTAM, as well as the risk management tools available to us, may not fully protect us against various
risks inherent in our business . 

Currently, NTAM follows
its comprehensive internal risk management framework and procedures to manage its risks, including but not limited to, reputational risk,
legal risk, regulatory and compliance risk, operational risk, market risk, liquidity risk, and credit risk. However, its risk management
policies, procedures and internal controls may not be adequate or effective in mitigating the risks or protecting it against unidentified
or unanticipated risks. In particular, some methods of managing risks are based upon observed historical market behavior and experience
in the securities industry. These methods may fail to predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than those
indicated by our historical measures. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of available information regarding operating
and market conditions and other matters, which may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. In addition, the capital
markets in Hong Kong are rapidly developing, the information and experience that NTAM relies on for its risk management methods may become
quickly outdated as capital markets and regulatory environment in Hong Kong continue to evolve. Deficiencies in the risk management and
internal control systems and procedures may adversely affect our ability to identify or report our deficiencies or non-compliance. Any
of these may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The operations
of NTAM may be adversely affected if it fails to obtain or maintain necessary approvals for conducting a particular business. 

Due to the highly regulated nature of the financial
industry in jurisdiction where NTAM operates, many aspects of its business depend on obtaining and maintaining approvals, licenses, permits
or qualifications from relevant regulators in Hong Kong. Obtaining and maintaining such approvals, licenses, permits or qualifications
is contingent on NTAM s compliance with regulatory requirements. Any failure to comply with regulatory requirements could limit
the scope of businesses in which NTAM is permitted to engage. Furthermore, additional regulatory approvals, licenses, permits or qualifications
may be required by relevant regulators in the future, and some of current approvals, licenses, permits or qualifications of NTAM are
subject to periodic renewal. The failure to obtain or maintain the required approvals, licenses, permits or qualifications could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may engage in future acquisitions involving
significant expenditures of cash, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of stock, all of which could have a materially adverse effect
on our operating results. 

As part of our business strategy, we review acquisition
and strategic investment prospects that we believe would complement our current product and service offerings, augment our market coverage,
enhance our technological capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. From time to time, we review investments in new business
and we expect to make investments in, and to acquire, business, products or technologies in the future. We are in the process to complete
an acquisition of a money transfer company in UK, which is expected to close during the first half of this year. In the event of any
future acquisitions, we may expend significant cash, incur substantial debt and/or issue equity securities and dilute the percentage
ownership of current shareholders, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and the price of our stock.
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully integrate any business, products, technologies or personnel that we may acquire
in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We may not be able to prevent others from
unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability
to protect our proprietary technologies. The process of seeking intellectual property protection can be lengthy and expensive and we
cannot guarantee that our existing or future intellectual property rights will be fully protected or bring us the commercial advantages.
We also cannot guarantee that our current or potential competitors do not have, and will not obtain, intellectual property rights that
will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to use our technology or sell our products and services in the PRC or other countries. 

37 

The implementation and enforcement of PRC intellectual
property laws historically have not been vigorous or consistent. Accordingly, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections
in the PRC are not as effective as those in the United States and other countries. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce or
defend our rights or to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights or those of others. Such litigation
will require significant expenditures of cash and management efforts and could harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. An adverse determination in any such litigation will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, competitive
position, business prospects and reputation. 

The blockchain related products and services
that we are developing have the potential to be used in ways we do not intend, including for criminal or other illegal activities. 

Blockchain-related products and services, in
particular cryptocurrencies, have the potential to be used for financial crimes or other illegal activities. Because the blockchain platform
that we are developing is novel, there are uncertainties regarding any legal and regulatory requirements for preventing blockchain-related
products and services from being put to such uses, and there are uncertainties regarding the liabilities and risks to the Company if
we are unable to prevent such uses. Even if we comply with all laws and regulations regarding financial and blockchain related products
and services, we have no ability to ensure that our customers, partners or others to whom we license or sell our products and services
comply with all laws and regulations applicable to them and their transactions. 

Our blockchain based Shopping Mall employs security
measures common to blockchain technologies, such a multiple identity authentication and multi-signature requirements. The security measures
to be employed by our blockchain projects are subject to further improvement and development. There is no guarantee that the security
measures that we currently use or any that we may develop in the future will be effective. 

Any negative publicity we receive regarding any
allegations of unlawful uses of our blockchain platform could damage our reputation. More generally, any negative publicity regarding
unlawful uses of blockchain technology in the marketplace could reduce the demand for our products and services. The occurrence of any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business. 

The regulatory regime governing blockchain
technologies, cryptocurrencies, digital assets, and offerings of digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially
adversely affect the development of our blockchain related business. 

Regulation of digital assets, cryptocurrencies,
crypto mining, blockchain technologies, and the blockchain platform we are developing is currently undeveloped and likely to rapidly
evolve as government agencies take greater interest in them. Regulation also varies significantly among international, federal, state
and local jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. Various legislative and executive bodies in the United States and
in other countries may in the future adopt laws, regulations, or guidance, or take other actions, which may severely impact the permissibility
of tokens generally and the technology behind them or the means of transaction or in transferring them. Failure by our subsidiaries to
comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or are subject to interpretation and may be subject to change,
could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including civil penalties and fines. 

Intellectual property infringement claims
may adversely impact our results of operations. 

As we develop and introduce new products and
services, we may be increasingly subject to claims of infringement of another party s intellectual property. If a claim for infringement
is brought against us, such claim may require us to modify our products or services, cease selling certain products or engage in litigation
to determine the validity and scope of such claims. Any of these events may harm our business and results of operations. 

Our e-commerce business depends on the
continued use of the Internet and the adequacy of the Internet infrastructure. 

Our e-commerce business, money transfer business
and cryptocurrency market data platform depend upon the widespread use of the Internet and e-commerce. Factors which could reduce the
widespread use of the internet for e-commerce include, without limitation, actual or perceived lack of security of information or privacy
protection, cyberattacks or other disruptions or damage to the internet or to users computers, whatever the cause, could reduce
customer satisfaction with our platforms and services and harm our business. 

38 

Our business depends on our website, app,
network infrastructure and transaction-processing systems. 

Our e-commerce business, money transfer business
and cryptocurrency market data platform are dependent on our IT infrastructure. Any system interruption that results in the unavailability
of our websites, apps or reduced performance of our transaction and information systems could reduce our ability to conduct our business.
We use internally and externally developed systems for our websites, apps and our transaction and information processing systems. We
expect to experience system interruptions due to software failure. We may also experience temporary capacity constraints due to sharply
increased traffic during events or other promotions. Capacity constraints can cause system disruptions, slower response times, delayed
page presentation, degradation in levels of customer service and other problems. We may also experience difficulties with our infrastructure
upgrades. Any future difficulties with our transaction and information processing systems or difficulties upgrading, expanding or integrating
aspects of our systems may cause system disruptions, slower response times, and degradation in levels of customer service, additional
expense, impaired quality and speed of our services or other problems. 

If the location where all of our computer and
communications hardware is located is compromised, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed.
If we suffer an interruption or degradation of services at the location for any reason, our business could be harmed. Our success, and
in particular, our ability to successfully receive and fulfil customers requests and provide high-quality customer service, largely
depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications systems. These limitations could have an adverse
effect on our business. Our disaster recovery plan may be inadequate, and we do not carry business interruption insurance to compensate
us for the losses that could occur. Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses,
physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, the occurrence of any of which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of
critical data or the inability to accept and fulfil customer requests. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could harm our business. 

We are subject to cyber security risks
and may incur increasing costs in an effort to minimize those risks and to respond to cyber incidents. 

Our e-commerce business, money transfer business
and cryptocurrency market data platform are entirely dependent on the secure operation of our website and systems as well as the operation
of the internet generally. Our business involves the storage and transmission of users proprietary information, and security breaches
could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation, and potential liability. A number of large internet companies
have suffered security breaches, some of which have involved intentional ransomware attacks. From time to time, we and many other internet
businesses also may be subject to a denial of service attacks wherein attackers attempt to block customers access to our website
with ransomware. If we are unable to avert a denial of service attack for any significant period, we could sustain substantial loss from
payment of ransom fee, lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate
or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyberattacks. 

Cyberattacks may target us, our customers, our
suppliers, banks, payment processors, e-commerce in general or the communication infrastructure on which we depend. If an actual or perceived
attack or breach of our security occurs, customer and/or supplier perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed
and we could lose customers, vendors or both. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including
costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third party experts and consultants. A
person who is able to circumvent our security measures might be able to misappropriate our or our users proprietary information,
cause interruption in our operations, damage our computers or those of our users, or otherwise damage our reputation and business. Any
compromise of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant legal and financial exposure,
damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our security measures, which could harm our business. 

39 

Failure to comply with the relatively new
E-Commerce Law may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

As the e-commerce industry is still evolving
in China, new laws and regulations may be adopted from time to time to address new issues that arise from time to time. For example,
in August 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated the E-Commerce Law, which became effective
on January 1, 2019. The E-Commerce Law generally provides that e-commerce operators must obtain administrative licenses if business
activities conducted by the e-commerce operators are subject to administrative licensing requirements under applicable laws and regulations.
In addition, the E-Commerce Law imposes a number of obligations on e-commerce platform operators, including the obligations: (i) to
verify and register platform merchants, (ii) to ensure platform cybersecurity, including, but not limited to, data privacy, (iii) to
ensure fair dealing and the legitimate rights and interests of consumers on the platform, (iv) to publicize transaction information
preservation and transaction rules, and (v) to protect intellectual properties. See Item 1. Overview Government
Regulations Regulations Relating to E-Commerce for further details. As the E-Commerce Law is relatively new, no detailed
interpretation and implementation rules have been promulgated, and it remains uncertain how the E-Commerce Law will be interpreted and
implemented. We cannot assure you that our current business operations satisfy the obligations provided under the E-Commerce Law in all
respects. If the PRC governmental authorities determine that we are not in compliance with all the requirements proposed under the E-Commerce
Law, we may be subject to fines and/or other sanctions. 

The E-Commerce Law also imposes a requirement
on operators of e-commerce platforms, such as E-Commerce Tianjin, to assist in tax collection with respect to income generated by sellers
from transactions conducted on e-commerce platforms, including, among others, submitting to the tax authority information on the identities
of sellers on e-commerce platforms and other information relating to tax payment. Failure to comply with the requirement may result in
operators of e-commerce platforms being subject to fines and, in severe circumstances, suspension of business operations of e-commerce
platforms. Substantial uncertainties exist regarding the interpretation and implementation of the E-Commerce Law. We encourage and incentivize
merchants to promote the products on our platform. If the merchants were deemed to be selling our products on consignment basis, the
PRC tax authorities may require them to make tax registration and request our assistance in these efforts, pursuant to the E-Commerce
Law, and the merchants on our platform may be subject to more stringent tax compliance requirements. The PRC government may adopt additional
requirements from time to time, and we may be requested by tax authorities to provide further assistance in the enforcement of tax regulations,
such as disclosure of transaction records and bank account information of the merchants, and withholding taxes for such merchants. If
any of these were to occur, we may lose our existing stores or fail to attract new stores on our platform and the level of activity may
be reduced on our platform. We may also incur increased costs and expenses as a result. The tightened tax enforcement by PRC tax authorities
in the e-commerce industry, such as imposition of reporting or withholding obligations on operators of e-commerce platforms with respect
to tax payable of merchants on e-commerce platforms, may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Failure to comply with sanctions laws,
anti-terrorist financing laws, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws associated with
our activities, and anti-corruption laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 

We have implemented
policies and procedures designed to allow us to comply with anti-money laundering laws and economic sanctions laws and prevent our money
transfer platform from being used to facilitate business in countries or with persons or entities designated on lists promulgated by
UK government and equivalent international authorities or that are otherwise the target of sanctions. We may utilize the services of
vendors, such as screening tools, in implementing such policies and procedures. In the event that we or any of our users engage in any
conduct, intentionally or not, that facilitates money laundering, terrorist financing, or other illicit activity, or that violates anti-money
laundering or sanctions laws, or otherwise constitutes activity that is prohibited by such laws, including through the fault of any vendor,
we may be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits, and enforcement actions; additional compliance requirements; increased regulatory scrutiny
of our business; restriction of our operations; or damage to our reputation or brand. 

Law enforcement and
regulators continue to scrutinize compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance
program, including the procedures that we use to verify the identity of our customers or monitor our platform for potential illegal activity.
In addition, any policies and procedures that we implement to comply with sanctions laws may not be effective, including in preventing
customers from using our services for transactions with sanctioned persons or jurisdictions subject to comprehensive sanctions. Given
the technical limitations in developing controls to prevent, among other things, the ability of customers to publish on our platform
false or deliberately misleading information or to develop sanctions-evasion methods, it is possible that we may inadvertently and without
our knowledge provide services to individuals or entities that have been designated by UK government or other relevant sanctions authorities
are located in a jurisdiction subject to comprehensive sanctions or an embargo by the UK or another country in which we operate or are
licensed to do business, and such services may not be in compliance with applicable economic sanctions regulations. 

40 

Sanctions are imposed
to address acute foreign policy and national security threats and may change rapidly and unpredictably in response to world events or
domestic or international political developments. Additionally, as we expand our services into additional jurisdictions, we may become
subject to additional sanctions requirements imposed by those jurisdictions or face increased risk of processing transactions in violation
of sanctions requirements to which we are currently subject. We may be unable to update policies, procedures, or controls to timely and
effectively address changes in applicable legal requirements or in our sanctions risk environment. 

Consequences for failing
to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include fines, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, or
other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result of regulatory
scrutiny. In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by us, our customers, vendors, or our payment or disbursement partners
with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation and could cause us to lose existing
customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, cause other payment or disbursement partners to terminate or not renew their agreements
with us, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by violations and to avert further violations, adversely affect
our relationship with our partner banks and other commercial counterparties and expose us to legal risk and potential liability, all of
which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Use of our money
transfer platform for illegal or fraudulent activities could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our platform is susceptible
to illegal, improper or fraudulent uses, including money laundering, terrorist financing, sanctions evasion, bank fraud, payments involving
child pornography or human trafficking, and the facilitation of other illegal, improper or fraudulent activity. The digital financial
services industry is under increasing scrutiny from federal, state, and international regulators in connection with the potential for
such illegal, improper or fraudulent activities. In addition, our remittance service facilitates payments to jurisdictions which may in
some cases have higher levels of illegal, improper payments. Our payment system has been utilized for illegal, improper and fraudulent
uses in the past and we cannot guarantee that our policies, procedures and internal controls, or insurance, would adequately protect our
business, maintain our continued ability to operate in the jurisdictions that we serve, or our reputation, especially if such illegal,
improper or fraudulent activities were discovered to have taken place on our platform in the future. Our fraud loss expenses may increase
if our fraud systems lose effectiveness or if new methods or schemes are developed to defraud us. Since the methods and schemes utilized
by perpetrators of fraud are constantly evolving or, in some cases, not immediately detectable, we cannot assure you that our policies,
procedures and controls for managing fraud will be effective over time or of our ability to update these measures to address emerging
fraud risks. In addition, if illicit or fraudulent activity levels involving our services were to rise, it could lead to regulatory intervention
and reputational and financial damage to us. This, in turn, could lead to government enforcement actions and investigations, a suspension
or termination of our operating licenses, a reduction in the use and acceptance of our services, or an increase in our compliance costs,
any of which may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

On the other hand, if
the measures we have taken to detect illegal, improper or fraudulent activities are too restrictive and/or inadvertently prevent or delay
proper transactions, this could result in suspension of legitimate customer activity on our payment system, deter new and existing customers
or otherwise diminish our customer experience, any of which could harm our business. 

As a public company, we are obligated to
maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. Our internal controls may be determined not to be effective, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, decrease the value of our Common Stock. 

The PRC has not adopted management and financial
reporting concepts and practices similar to those in the United States. We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number
of qualified financial and accounting employees who are familiar with US GAAP and reporting requirements to work in the PRC. As a result
of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing and maintaining accounting and financial controls, collecting financial
data, budgeting, managing our funds and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business
practices that meet investors expectations in the United States. 

Rules adopted by the SEC, or the Commission,
pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 require annual assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. The standards
that must be met for management to assess the internal controls over financial reporting as effective are relatively new and complex,
and they require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. This assessment will need
to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. During
the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as
we have done previously and this year, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we continue to be unable
to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports, which could harm our business and cause the price of our stock to decline. 

41 

We may need additional capital to fund
our future operations and, if it is not available when needed, we may need to reduce our planned development and marketing efforts, which
may reduce our sales revenue. 

We believe that our existing working capital
and cash available from operations will enable us to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. However,
if cash from future operations is insufficient, or if cash is used for acquisitions or other currently unanticipated uses, we may need
additional capital. The development and marketing of new products and services and the expansion of our business and associated support
personnel require a significant commitment of resources. In addition, if the markets for our products and services develop more slowly
than anticipated, or if we fail to establish significant market share and achieve sufficient net revenues, we may continue to consume
significant amounts of capital. As a result, we could be required to raise additional capital. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities or other methods, the issuance of such securities could result in dilution
of the shares held by existing shareholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, such securities
may provide the holders certain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of common shareholders, and the terms of such debt
could impose restrictions on our operations. We cannot guarantee that additional capital, if required, will be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of additional capital, we may be required to reduce the scope of our
planned business development and marketing efforts, which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

If our costs and demands upon management
increase disproportionately to the growth of our business and revenue as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting
public companies, our operating results could be harmed. 

As a public company, we do and will continue
to incur significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting
requirements. We also have incurred and will incur costs associated with current corporate governance requirements, including requirements
under Section 404 and other provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the stock exchange on which
our common stock is traded. The expenses incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased
dramatically over the past several years. These rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs substantially
and make some activities more time consuming and costly. If our costs and demands upon management increase disproportionately to the
growth of our business and revenue, our operating results could be harmed. 

There are inherent uncertainties involved
in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that
affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenue, expenses and income. Estimates,
judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes
to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. 

We may be exposed to litigation related
to the Sale Transaction on February 27, 2020 from the holders of our common stock. 

Transactions such as the Sale Transaction are
often subject to lawsuits by stockholders. Particularly because the holders of our common stock will not receive any consideration from
the Sale Transaction, it is possible that they may sue the Company or the Board of Directors. Such lawsuits could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

42 

Risks Related to Doing Business in the PRC 

Changes in China s economic, political
or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

A substantial of the Company s operations
are located in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by
the political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC, in addition to the general state of the PRC economy. The Company s
results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies
with respect to laws and regulations, cybersecurity, anti-monopoly, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad,
VIE structures, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things, and such change of rules and policies can happen quickly with
little advance notice. 

A substantial of the Company s sales, purchases
and expense transactions are in RMB. The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies under the current law. In China, foreign
exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People s
Bank of China, the central bank of China. Remittances in currencies other than RMB may require certain supporting documentation in order
to affect the remittance. 

The Chinese economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control
of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization
of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of improved corporate
governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In addition,
the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese
government also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of
foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While the Chinese economy has experienced significant
growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government
has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit
the overall Chinese economy, but may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may
be adversely affected by government control over blockchain related financial technology, capital investments or changes in tax regulations.
In addition, in the past the Chinese government has implemented certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the pace
of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity in China, and since 2012, China s economic growth has
slowed down. Any prolonged slowdown in the Chinese economy may reduce the demand for our products and services and materially and adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

Furthermore, we and our China based operating
entities, as well as our investors, face uncertainty about future actions by the Chinese government that could significantly affect our
financial performance and operations, including the enforceability of the VIE contractual arrangements. If future laws, administrative
regulations or provisions mandate further actions to be taken by companies with respect to existing VIE contractual arrangements, we
may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we can complete such actions in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to take timely and
appropriate measures to adapt to any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely affect our current
corporate structure and business operations. 

43 

If we become subject to additional scrutiny,
criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed China-based companies, we may have to expend significant resources to investigate
and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, any offering and our reputation and could result in a loss of your investment
in our shares, especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably. 

Recently, U.S. public companies that have substantially
operations in China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and regulatory agencies. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity has centered around financial and accounting irregularities,
a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto
and, in some cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock of
many U.S.-listed China-based companies has decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies
have been subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions and have conducted internal and external investigations into the
allegations. The Company has received subpoenas from the SEC s Division of Enforcement requiring us to produce documents and detailed
information relating to, among other things, the Company s accounting procedures and treatment, management oversight, and the sale
of HeDeTang Holdings (HK) Ltd. to New Continent International Co., Ltd. The Company has provided responsive documents and information
and will continue to cooperate with regulator and produce requested documents and information. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide
scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on us and our business. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations,
whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations
and/or defend our company. This situation may be a major distraction to our management. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless,
our business operations will be severely hindered and your investment in our shares could be rendered worthless. 

Uncertainties and quick change in the interpretation
and enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations with little advance notice could result in a material and negative impact our business
operations, decrease the value of our shares of common stock and limit the legal protections available to us. 

The PRC legal system is based on written statutes,
and prior court decisions have limited value as precedents. Since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system
continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these
laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties. The enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in China can change quickly
with little advance notice and the risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert
more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China- based issuers, could result in a material change in
our operations and/or the value of our shares of common stock. 

On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist
Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued an announcement to crack down on illegal
activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among other things, requires
the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision
over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities
laws. Since this announcement is relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation
making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified
or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on companies like us and our shares
of common stock. 

44 

On February 15, 2022, Cybersecurity Review Measures
published by Cyberspace Administration of China, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
Ministry of Public Security, Ministry of State Security, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce, People s Bank of China, State
Administration of Radio and Television, China Securities Regulatory Commission, State Secrecy Administration and State Cryptography Administration
became effective, which provides that, Critical Information Infrastructure Operators CIIOs that purchase internet products
and services and Online Platform Operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national security shall be
subject to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On November 14, 2021, CAC published the Administration Measures
for Cyber Data Security (Draft for Public Comments), or the Cyber Data Security Measure (Draft) , which requires cyberspace
operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review with the Office
of Cybersecurity Review. As confirmed by our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, we are currently not subject to cybersecurity review with
the Cyberspace Administration of China CAC under these new measures, because the VIE E-Commerce Tianjin is not a cyberspace
operator with personal information of more than 1 million users or has activities that affect or may affect national security. Nevertheless,
the aforementioned draft measures and any related implementation rules to be enacted may subject us to additional compliance requirement
in the future. 

We cannot rule out the possibility that
the PRC government will institute a licensing regime or pre-approval requirement covering our industry at some point in the future. If
such a licensing regime or approval requirement were introduced, we cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain any newly required
license in a timely manner, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability to continue our
operations. 

From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative
and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting
and implementing statutory and contractual terms, however, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court
proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy in the PRC legal system than in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the
PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published in a timely manner or at
all) that may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after
the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainties over the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual
property) and procedural rights, and any failure to respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely
affect our business and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

The Chinese government exerts substantial
influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business as well as more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which could result
in a material change in our operations, and significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and, and cause the value of our shares of common stock to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The Chinese government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability
to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations,
land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support
recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic
policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest
ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties. 

As such, our business is subject to various government
and regulatory interferences. We could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local
and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly
adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly,
by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry, which could result in a material change in our operation
and the value of our shares of common stock. 

45 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released New Overseas
Listing Rules with five interpretive guidelines, which will take effect on March 31, 2023. The New Overseas Listing Rules require Chinese
domestic enterprises to complete filings with relevant governmental authorities and report related information under certain circumstances.
The required filing scope is not limited to the initial public offering, but also includes subsequent overseas securities offering, single
or multiple acquisition(s), share swap, transfer of shares or other means to seek an overseas direct or indirect listing and a secondary
listing or dual major listing of issuers already listed overseas. According to the Notice on Arrangements for Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Enterprises, published by the CSRC on February 17, 2023, a company that (i) has already completed overseas listing
or (ii) has already obtained the approval for the offering or listing from overseas securities regulators or exchanges but has not completed
such offering or listing before effective date of the new rules and also completes the offering or listing before September 30, 2023
will be considered as an existing listed company and is not required to make any filing until it conducts a new offering in the future.
Also, upon the occurrence of any of the material events specified below after an issuer has completed its offering and listed its securities
on an overseas stock exchange, the issuer shall submit a report thereof to the CSRC within 3 working days after the occurrence and public
disclosure of the event: (i) change of control; (ii) investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory agencies or
other competent authorities; (iii) change of listing status or transfer of listing segment; or (iv) voluntary or mandatory delisting. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC revised the Provisions
on Strengthening the Management of Confidentiality and Archives Related to the Overseas Issuance of Securities and Overseas Listing by
Domestic Companies which were issued in 2009 (the Archives Rules ). The revised Archives Rules took effect on March 31, 2023.
The revised Archives Rules expands their application to cover indirect overseas offering and listing, stipulating that a domestic company
which plans to publicly disclose any documents and materials containing state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall
first obtain approval from competent authorities according to law, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level. 

Furthermore, given recent statements by the Chinese
government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas, although we are currently
not required to obtain permission from any of the PRC central or local government and has not received any denial to list on the U.S.
exchange, it is uncertain when and whether we will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges
in the future, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded, which could significantly limit or
completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of our shares to significantly
decline or be worthless. 

There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities
Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect
evidence within the territory of the PRC. 

On December 28, 2019, the amended Securities
Law of the PRC (the PRC Securities Law was promulgated, which became effective on March 1, 2020. According to Article 177 of
the PRC Securities Law Article 177 ), the securities regulatory authority of the State Council may establish a regulatory
cooperation mechanism with securities regulatory authorities of another country or region for the implementation of cross-border supervision
and administration. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory authorities shall not engage
in activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories of the PRC, and that no Chinese
entities or individuals shall provide documents and information in connection with securities business activities to any organizations
and/or persons aboard without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent departments
of the State Council. 

As advised by our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, Article 177 is only
applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation or evidence collection by such authorities
within the territory of the PRC. A substantial of our business operation is conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by the Department of Justice, the SEC or other authorities,
such agencies activities will constitute conducting an investigation or collecting evidence directly within the territory of the
PRC and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory agencies may have
to consider establishing cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance,
diplomatic channels or establishing a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However,
there is no assurance that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in this
particular case and/or establish such cooperation in a timely manner. 

Furthermore, as Article 177 is
still a recently promulgated provision and, as the date of this report, there have not been implementing rules or regulations regarding
the application of Article 177, it remains unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese
Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and
requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the
PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine
to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from Nasdaq or other applicable trading market
within the US. 

46 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law,
we may be classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Such classification would likely
result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and the value of your investment. 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law ,
or the EIT Law, that became effective in January 2008, an enterprise established outside the PRC with de facto management
bodies within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally
subject to a uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. Under the implementation rules to the EIT Law, a de
facto management body is defined as a body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business
operations, personnel and human resources, finances, and properties of an enterprise. In addition, a circular, known as SAT Circular
82, issued in April 2009 by the State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, specifies that certain offshore incorporated
enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups will be classified as PRC resident enterprises if the following are
located or resident in the PRC: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and
management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings
and shareholders meetings; and half or more of the senior management or directors having voting rights. Further to SAT Circular
82, the SAT issued a bulletin, known as SAT Bulletin 45, which took effect in September 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation
of SAT Circular 82 and clarify the reporting and filing obligations of such Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated resident
enterprises. SAT Bulletin 45 provides procedures and administrative details for the determination of resident status and administration
on post-determination matters. Although both SAT Circular 82 and SAT Bulletin 45 only apply to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreign individuals, the determining criteria set forth
in SAT Circular 82 and SAT Bulletin 45 may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto management body 
test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether they are controlled by PRC
enterprises, PRC enterprise groups, or by PRC or foreign individuals. 

If the PRC tax authorities determine that the
actual management organ of Future FinTech Group Inc. is within the territory of China, it may be deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise
for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we will be subject to the
uniform 25 enterprise income tax on our world-wide income, which could materially reduce our net income. In addition, we will also be
subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. Finally, dividends payable by us to our investors and gains on the sale of
our shares may become subject to PRC withholding tax, at a rate of 10 in the case of non-PRC enterprises or 20 in the case of non-PRC
individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty), if such gains are deemed to be from PRC sources.
It is unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of our company would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties between their country
of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. Any such tax may reduce the returns on your
investment in our shares. Although up to the date of this report, Future FinTech Group Inc. has not been notified or informed by the
PRC tax authorities that it has been deemed to be a resident enterprise for the purpose of the EIT Law, we cannot assure you that it
will not be deemed to be a resident enterprise in the future. 

We could be restricted from paying dividends
to shareholders due to PRC laws and other contractual requirements. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or
Hong Kong or our PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations
or for other use outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the
ability of us or our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. 

We are a holding company incorporated in the
State of Florida and do not have any assets or conduct any business operations other than our investments in our subsidiaries and affiliates.
As a result of our holding company structure, we rely entirely on dividend payments from our subsidiaries. PRC accounting standards and
regulations currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits, a portion of which is required to be set aside for
certain reserve funds. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries and the VIE in China incur debt on its own in the future, the instruments governing
the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments. Although we do not intend to pay dividends in the future,
our inability to receive all of the profit from our China subsidiaries operations may provide an additional obstacle to our ability
to pay dividends if we so decide in the future. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business are in the PRC and/or Hong Kong or our
PRC and/or Hong Kong entities, the VIE, and the WFOE, such funds and/or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use
outside of the PRC and/or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of us or
our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash and/or assets. 

47 

Governmental control of currency conversion
may affect the value of shareholder investments. 

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility
of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. RMB is currently not a freely convertible
currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to satisfy
foreign currency obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions,
interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval by complying with certain
procedural requirements. Approval from appropriate governmental authorities, however, is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign
currency and remitted out of the PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. In
addition, the PRC government could restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign
exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to
pay certain of our expenses as they come due. 

The fluctuation of the RMB may harm shareholder
investments. 

The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar
and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions.
Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenue and financial condition. For example,
to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from an offering of our securities into RMB for our operations in China,
appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would diminish the value of the proceeds of the offering and could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for business purposes and
the U.S. dollar appreciates against the RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation
of significant U.S. dollar denominated assets could result in a charge to our income statement and a reduction in the value of these
assets. 

PRC regulations relating to offshore investment
activities by PRC residents may limit our PRC subsidiary s ability to increase its registered capital or distribute profits to
us or otherwise expose us or our PRC resident beneficial owners to liability and penalties under PRC law. 

The State Administration of Foreign Exchange
or SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident s Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment
through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or
its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment
or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle
undergoes material events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC citizens or residents, name, and
operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, or mergers or divisions. SAFE Circular
37 is issued to replace the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents Engaging in Financing
and Roundtrip Investments via Overseas Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 75. SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying
and Improving the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Concerning Direct Investment in February 2015, which took effect on June 1,
2015. This notice has amended SAFE Circular 37 requiring PRC residents or entities to register with qualified banks rather than SAFE
or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment
or financing. 

If our shareholders who are PRC residents or
entities do not complete their registration as required, our PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing its profits and proceeds
from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional
capital to our PRC subsidiaries. 

The failure or inability of the relevant shareholders
to comply with the registration procedures set forth in these regulations may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, such as restrictions
on our cross-border investment activities, on the ability of our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China to distribute dividends and
the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us. Moreover, failure to comply with the various foreign
exchange registration requirements described above could result in liability under PRC law for circumventing applicable foreign exchange
restrictions. As a result, our business operations and our ability to distribute profits to you could be materially and adversely affected. 

48 

Any failure to comply with PRC regulations
regarding the registration requirements for employee stock incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other
legal or administrative sanctions. 

In February 2012, SAFE promulgated the Notices
on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed
Company, replacing earlier rules promulgated in March 2007. Pursuant to these rules, PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who reside in
China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly listed company,
subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be the PRC subsidiary
of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition, an overseas entrusted institution must be retained
to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the purchase or sale of shares and interests. We and our
executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who have resided in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one
year will be subject to these regulations. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines and legal sanctions and
may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital into our PRC subsidiary and limit our PRC subsidiary s ability to distribute
dividends to us. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors,
executive officers and employees under PRC law. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States, it may be difficult for investors to use U.S. securities laws to enforce their rights against us, our officers
and directors in the United States or to enforce judgments of United States courts against us or them in the PRC. 

Most of our present officers and directors reside
outside of the United States. In addition, most of our subsidiaries and assets are located outside of the United States. Therefore, it
may be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
securities laws against us in the courts of either the United States or the Hong Kong/PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in
courts of the United States, to enforce such judgments in the PRC or Hong Kong courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties
now in effect between the United States, Hong Kong and the PRC would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors
of criminal penalties under the U.S. Federal securities laws or otherwise. 

It may also be difficult for you or overseas
regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles
to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities.
Although the authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with its counterparts of another country or region
to monitor and oversee cross-border securities activities, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in
the Unities States may not be efficient in the absence of practical cooperation mechanism. Furthermore, according to Article 177 of the
PRC Securities Law, or Article 177, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to
directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Article 177 further provides that Chinese
entities and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to foreign agencies
without prior consent from the securities regulatory authority of the PRC State Council and the competent departments of the PRC State
Council. While detailed interpretation of or implementing rules under Article 177 have yet to be promulgated, the inability for an overseas
securities regulator to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection activities within China may further increase difficulties
faced by you in protecting your interests. 

49 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act, or the HFCA Act, and the related regulations are evolving quickly. Further implementations and interpretations of or amendments
to the HFCA Act or the related regulations, or a PCOAB s determination of its lack of sufficient access to inspect our auditor,
might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China and Hong Kong. A potential consequence
is that our shares of common stock may be delisted by the exchange. The delisting of our common stock, or the threat of our common stock
being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct
full inspections of our auditor deprives our investors of the benefits of such inspections. 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act,
or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. In accordance with the HFCA Act, trading in securities of any registrant on a national
securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States may be prohibited if the PCAOB determines that it
cannot inspect or fully investigate the registrant s auditor for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, and, as a result, an
exchange may determine to delist the securities of such registrant. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which, would amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from
trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three, thus
reducing the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted if our auditor is unable to meet the PCAOB
inspection requirement. On December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (the Consolidated
Appropriations Act ), was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things,
an identical provision to Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which reduces the number of consecutive non-inspection
years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to two. 

On November 5, 2021, the SEC adopted the PCAOB
rule to implement HFCA Act, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to determine whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On December 2, 2021, SEC adopted amendments to
finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies
as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate (the Commission-Identified Issuers ). A Commission-Identified Issuer
will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure requirements in the annual report for each year in which it was identified.
If a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer based on its annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021,
the registrant will be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements in its annual report filing covering the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued its determinations
(the Determination that they are unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms
headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong. The Determination includes lists of public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement
of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the People s Republic of China governing
inspections and investigations of audit firms based in China and Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that
the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary. However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise
fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

The enactment of the HFCA Act and related regulations
and any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information
could cause investors uncertainty for affected issuers and the market price of our ordinary shares could be adversely affected, and we
could be delisted if our auditor is unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement. 

50 

The lack of access to PCAOB inspections prevents
the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China and Hong Kong. As a result, investors
may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China and
Hong Kong makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firm s audit procedures or quality control
procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections. 

Our auditor, Onestop Assurance PAC, an independent
registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in Singapore, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United
States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts inspections
to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor is currently subject to PCAOB inspections and is not
included in the PCAOB Determinations. Although we believe that the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and the related regulations
do not currently affect us, we cannot assure you that there will not be any further implementations and interpretations of or amendments
to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the related regulations, which might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions
on us because of our operations in China and Hong Kong. A potential consequence is that our shares may be delisted by the exchange on
which they are listed. If our securities are unable to be listed on another securities exchange, such a delisting would substantially
impair your ability to sell or purchase our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential
delisting would have a negative impact on the market price of our shares. 

Risks Relating to Our Corporate Structure 

If the PRC government deems that the contractual
arrangements in relation to the consolidated variable interest entity do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment
in the relevant industries, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject
to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. 

Foreign ownership of internet-based businesses,
including value-added telecommunications services, is subject to restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. To comply with
PRC laws and regulations, we conduct our e-commerce operations in China through a series of contractual arrangements entered into among
WFOE, the VIE and the shareholders of the VIE. As a result of these contractual arrangements, we exert control over the VIE and consolidate
its operating results in our financial statements under U.S. GAAP. For a detailed description of these contractual arrangements, see
 The VIE Contractual Arrangements. 

In the opinion of our PRC counsel Fengdong Law
Firm, our current ownership structure, the ownership structure of our PRC subsidiary and the consolidated VIE, and the contractual arrangements
among WFOE, the VIE and the shareholders of the VIE are common practices for the companies listed on stock exchanges in the U.S. engaging
in the businesses restricted in China and these contractual arrangements are valid and binding in accordance with their terms and applicable
PRC laws and regulations currently in effect. However, our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm has also advised us that there are substantial
uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current or future PRC laws and regulations and there can be no assurance
that the PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with the opinion of our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm. In the
event PRC regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, our shares may decline in value or become worthless if we
are unable to assert our contractual control rights over the assets of the VIE. 

If the PRC government finds that our contractual
arrangements do not comply with its restrictions on foreign investment in the e-commerce business, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities,
including the China Securities Regulatory Commission may require us to discontinue or place restrictions or onerous conditions on
our operations and it may also impose fines, confiscate the income from the WFOE or VIE. The imposition of any of these penalties
would result in a material and adverse effect on our ability to conduct our e-commerce business. In addition, it is unclear what impact
the PRC government actions would have on us and on our ability to consolidate the financial results of the VIE in our consolidated financial
statements, if the PRC government authorities were to find the VIE structure and contractual arrangements to be in violation of PRC laws
and regulations. If the imposition of any of these government actions causes us to lose our right to direct the activities of the VIE
or our right as the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes and we are not able to restructure our ownership structure
and operations in a satisfactory manner, we would no longer be able to consolidate the financial results of the VIE in our consolidated
financial statements. Either of these results, or any other significant penalties that might be imposed on us in this event, would have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

51 

Any failure by the consolidated VIE or
its shareholders to perform their obligations under our contractual arrangements with them would have an adverse effect on our business. 

If the consolidated VIE or its shareholders fail
to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional
resources to enforce such arrangements. We may also have to rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including seeking specific performance
or injunctive relief, and claiming damages, which we cannot assure you will be effective under PRC laws. For example, if the shareholders
of the VIE were to refuse to transfer their equity interest in the VIE to us or our designee if we exercise the purchase option pursuant
to these contractual arrangements, or if they were otherwise to act in bad faith toward us, then we may have to take legal action to
compel them to perform their contractual obligations. 

All the agreements under our contractual arrangements
are governed by PRC laws. Accordingly, these contracts would be interpreted in accordance with PRC laws and any disputes would be resolved
in accordance with PRC legal procedures. The legal system in the PRC is not as well established as in some other jurisdictions, such
as in the United States. As a result, uncertainties in the PRC legal system could limit our ability to enforce these contractual arrangements.
Meanwhile, there are some regulations unfavorable to VIEs. However, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how
contractual arrangements in the context of a consolidated variable interest entity should be interpreted or enforced under PRC laws and
there remain significant uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings should legal action become necessary.
Currently, almost all of the Chinese companies listed on overseas stock exchanges that are in the internet-based business such as e-commerce
or online-gaming have adopted a VIE structure. If the losing parties fail to carry out the court judgement or arbitration awards within
a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce them in PRC courts, which would require additional expenses and delay.
In the event that we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, or if we suffer significant delay or other obstacles in the
process of enforcing these contractual arrangements, we may not be able to exert effective control over the consolidated variable interest
entities, and our ability to conduct our business may be negatively affected. 

The shareholders of the consolidated VIE
may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

The shareholders of the VIE and their interests
in the VIE may differ from their interests of our Company as a whole. These shareholders may breach, or cause the consolidated variable
interest entities to breach, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the consolidated variable interest entity, which
would have a material adverse effect on our ability to act as the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes. For example,
the shareholders may be able to cause our agreements with E-Commerce Tianjin to be performed in a manner adverse to us by, among other
things, failing to remit payments due under the contractual arrangements to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts
of interest arise, any or all of these shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such conflicts will be resolved
in our favor. 

Currently, we do not have any arrangements to
address potential conflicts of interest between these shareholders and our company, except that we could exercise our purchase option
under the exclusive option agreements with these shareholders to request them to transfer all of their equity interests in E-Commerce
Tianjin to a PRC entity or individual designated by us, to the extent permitted by PRC laws. If we cannot resolve any conflict of interest
or dispute between us and the shareholders of the VIE, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in the disruption
of our business and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. 

Our contractual arrangements with the consolidated
affiliated entity may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct ownership. 

We have relied and expect to continue to rely
on contractual arrangements with E-Commerce Tianjin and its shareholders to operate our CCM shopping mall business. For a description
of these contractual arrangements, see The VIE Contractual Arrangements . These contractual arrangements may not
be as effective in providing us with control over such entity as direct ownership. If we had direct ownership of E-Commerce Tianjin,
we would be able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to effect changes in the board of directors, which in turn could effect changes,
subject to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management level. However, under the current contractual arrangements, we rely
on the performance by E-Commerce Tianjin and its shareholders of their contractual obligations to exercise control over the consolidated
affiliated entity. Therefore, our contractual arrangements with the consolidated affiliated entity may not be as effective in ensuring
our control over our CCM shopping mall as direct ownership would be. 

52 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue blank check
preferred stock, which may be issued without shareholder approval and which may adversely affect the rights of holders of our Common
Stock. 

We are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. The Board is authorized under our articles of incorporation, as amended, to provide for the issuance of shares of
preferred stock by resolution and by filing a certificate of designations under Florida law, to fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each such series of preferred stock and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof without any
further vote or action by the shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
Any shares of preferred stock that are issued are likely to have priority over our Common Stock with respect to dividend or liquidation
rights. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized under certain circumstances as a method of discouraging, delaying
or preventing a change in control, which could have the effect of discouraging bids to acquire us and thereby prevent shareholders from
receiving the maximum value for their shares. We have no present intention to issue any shares of preferred stock in order to discourage
or delay a change of control or for any other reason. However, there can be no assurance that preferred stock will not be issued at some
time in the future. 

Zeyao Xue has control over key decision
making as a result of his control of a substantial amount of our voting stock. 

Mr. Zeyao Xue, the son of our president, indirectly
and directly beneficially owns 2,602,525 shares, or approximately 17.8 , of our outstanding common stock as of April 12,
2023. Mr. Zeyao Xue s beneficial ownership of 17.8 of Future FinTech s issued and outstanding common stock will
likely give him the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval, including but not limited to the
election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. This concentrated
control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s
assets that other shareholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction
that other shareholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring the common
stock of the Company due to the limited voting power of such shares. As a shareholder, even a controlling shareholder, Mr. Zeyao Xue is
entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests
of our shareholders generally. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents and under Florida law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company and may affect the trading price
of our Common Stock. 

As a Florida corporation, we are subject to certain
provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act that have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other
business combination. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws also contain other provisions which could have anti-takeover effects.
These provisions include, without limitation, the authority of our Board of Directors to issue additional shares of preferred stock and
to fix the relative rights and preferences of the preferred stock without the need for any shareholder vote or approval, as discussed
above, and advance notice procedures to be complied with by our shareholders in order to make shareholder proposals or nominate directors,
such as: 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock
 that could be issued by the Board to thwart a takeover attempt; 

require that directors only be removed from office upon a majority
 shareholder vote; 

provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly created
 directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 

limit who may call special meetings of shareholders; and 

For more information regarding these and other
provisions, see the exhibit titled Description of Our Securities Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions of Florida
Law. 

53 

In recent years, our Common Stock has been
in danger of being delisted from the NASDAQ Stock Market NASDAQ ). 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC has requirements that a company must meet in order to remain listed on NASDAQ, for example,
NASDAQ rules require us to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share of our common stock. We may be unable to meet NASDAQ
listing requirements, including minimum bid price, minimum levels of stockholders equity or market values of our common stock
in which case, our common stock could be delisted. If our common stock were to be delisted, the liquidity of our common stock would be
materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

On February 28, 2019, the Company received a
letter from NASDAQ notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s common stock listed on NASDAQ was
below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer met the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on NASDAQ
under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2). On May 7, 2019, the Company received a written notification from the NASDAQ Stock Market Listing
Qualifications Staff indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement and that
the matter is now closed. 

On April 17, 2019, the Company received a notification
letter from NASDAQ stating the Company was not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), due to its failure to timely file its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (the 2018 10-K ). On May 21, 2019, the Company received
a notification letter from NASDAQ stating the Company was not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), due to its failure to
timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019. On August 20, 2019, the Company received a notification
letter from the NASDAQ stating the Company was not in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), due to its failure to timely file
its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019. 

On October 16, 2019, the Company received
a letter from the NASDAQ notifying the Company that it has regained compliance with NASDAQ s periodic filing requirements for continued
listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The letter noted that as a result of the September 3, 2019 filing of the Form 10-K for
the year ended on December 31, 2018 and the September 30, 2019 filing of the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended March 31,
and June 30, 2019 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company has regained compliance with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1)
and the matter is now closed. 

On September 4, 2019, the Company received
written notice from the NASDAQ stating that the Company did not meet the requirement of maintaining a minimum of 2,500,000 in
stockholders equity for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market, as set forth in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(b)(1), the Company
also does not meet the alternative of market value of listed securities of 35 million under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(b)(2)
or net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the most recently completed fiscal year or in two of the last three
most recently completed fiscal years under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(b)(3), and the Company is no longer in compliance with the NASDAQ
Listing Rules. On March 18, 2020, the Company received written notice form NASDAQ stating that the Company complies with the Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1). 

On November 4, 2019, the Company received a letter
from the Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s common stock listed on Nasdaq
was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing
on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share. On April 14, 2020,
the Company received a written notification from the Nasdaq indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the 1.00 minimum
closing bid price requirement and that the matter is now closed. 

On March 1, 2022, the Company received a letter
from the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s
common stock listed on Nasdaq was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement
for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share
(the Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). The Company has a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification,
until August 29, 2022 (the Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. On
August 30, 2022, the Company received a written notification from the NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff indicating that the Company has been granted an additional 180 calendar day period or until February 27, 2023, to regain compliance with
the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule. On
January 26, 2023, the Company filed with the Florida Secretary of State s office Articles of Amendment (the Amendment to
amend its Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended Articles of Incorporation ). As a result of
the Amendment, the Company has authorized and approved a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common
stock from 300,000,000 shares to 60,000,000 shares, accompanied by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding
shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The common stock will continue to be 0.001 par value. The Company s
shares of common stock began to trade on the NASDAQ Stock Market on the post-Reverse Stock Split basis under the symbol FTFT 
on February 1, 2023. On February 15, 2023, the Company received a written notification from the NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Qualifications
Staff indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing
on the NASDAQ Capital Market pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) and that the matter is now closed. 

54 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive office is located at Americas Tower, 1177 Avenue
of The Americas, Suite 5100, New York, NY 10036 and we lease such office for a term of one year from December 1, 2020, which has been
renewed until December 1, 2023. We also lease offices at 23/F, South Tower, Kaisa Plaza,86th Jianguo Rd. Chaoyang District, Beijing for
a term from September 1, 2020 to August 31, 2024; FTFT Dubai leases an office at 1113, Onyx tower 2, The Greens, Dubai, UAE from July
1, 2022 to June 30, 2023, FTFT UK leases an office at Devonshire House, 9th Floor 1 Mayfair Place, London, W1J 8AJ, United Kingdom from
October 26, 2021 to May 23, 2023. NTAM leases an office at Unit B 17/F, Chung Nam Building 1 Lockhart Road Wan Chai, Hong Kong until May
31, 2023. We believe that our current offices are adequate to meet our needs. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal case with FT Global Capital, Inc. 

In January 2021, FT
Global Capital, Inc. FT Global ), a former placement agent of the Company filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Superior
Court of Fulton County, Georgia. FT Global served the complaint upon the Company in January 2021. In the complaint, FT Global alleges
claims, most of which attempt to hold the Company liable under legal theories that relate back to an alleged breach of an exclusive placement
agent agreement between FT Global and the Company in July 2020 which had a term of three months. FT Global claims that the Company failed
to compensate FT Global for securities purchase transactions between December 2020 and April 2021, pursuant to the terms of the expired
exclusive placement agent agreement. Allegedly, the exclusive placement agent agreement required the Company to pay FT Global for capital
received during the term of the agreement and for the 12-month period following the termination of the agreement involving any investors
that FT Global introduced and/or wall-crossed to the Company. However, the Company believes the securities purchase transactions at issue
did not involve the one investor which FT Global introduced or wall-crossed to the Company during the term of the agreement. FT Global
claims approximately 7,000,000 in damages and attorneys fees. 

The Company timely removed
the case to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia (the Court) on February 9, 2021 based on diversity
of jurisdiction. On March 9, 2021, the Company filed a motion to dismiss based on FT Global s failure to state a claim which is
pending before the Court. On March 23, 2021, FT Global filed its response to the Company s motion to dismiss. FT Global argues
that the Court should deny the Company s motion to dismiss. However, if the Court is inclined to grant the Company s motion
to dismiss, FT Global requested that the Court permit it to file an amended complaint. On April 8, 2021, the parties filed a Joint Preliminary
Report and Discovery Plan. On April 12, 2021, the Court approved the Joint Preliminary Report and Discovery Plan and issued a Scheduling
Order placing this case on a six-month discovery tract. On April 30, 2021, the Company served FT Global with its Initial Disclosures.
On May 6, 2021, FT Global served the Company with its Initial Disclosures. On May 17, 2021, FT Global served the Company with its First
Amended Initial Disclosures. On November 10, 2021, the Court entered an Order granting the Company s motion to dismiss FT Global s
fraud claim and breach of contract claim as to the disclosure of its confidential and proprietary information. The Court denied the Company s
motion to dismiss FT Global s i) breach of contract claim for failure to pay FT Global pursuant to the terms of the exclusive placement
agent agreement; ii) claim for breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing; and iii) claim for attorney s fees, and the
court concluded that additional information can be obtained through discovery. The Company timely filed an answer and defenses to FT
Global s complaint on November 24, 2021. On January 3, 2022 the Company propounded discovery requests upon FT Global, including
interrogatories and requests for production of documents. On March 23, 2022, the Company propounded requests for admission upon FT Global.
On March 24, 2022, FT Global propounded discovery requests upon the Company, including requests for production of documents and requests
for admission. On April 1, 2022, FT Global served its response to the Company s requests for production of documents. On May 13,
2022, FT Global served its responses to the Company s interrogatories and requests for admissions. On May 13, 2022, FT Global
produced documents in response to the Company s requests for production of documents. On June 3, 2022, the Company produced documents
in response to FT Global s requests for production of documents. On August 3, 2022, the Company took the deposition of FT Global.
On August 4, 2022, FT Global took the deposition of the Company. On August 3, 2022, the Court granted the parties Consent Motion
to Extend Discovery Period extending the discovery period from August 5, 2022 to September 14, 2022 and the deadline to file dispositive
motions to October 12, 2022. On October 12, 2022, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment on all claims asserted by FT Global
in this lawsuit. On November 2, 2022, FT Global filed its opposition to the Company s motion for summary judgment. On November
16, 2022, the Company filed its reply in support of its motion for summary judgement on all claims asserted by FT Global in this lawsuit.
The Company will continue to vigorously defend the action against FT Global. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

55 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Common Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol FTFT. Prior to December 31, 2018, our stock traded on the Nasdaq Global Market, and before
that, on the NYSE Amex. 

As of April 12, 2023, there were 14,645,653
shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding, and the Company had approximately 23 record holders of Common Stock.
The number of holders of record does not include the number of persons whose stock is in nominee or street name accounts
through brokers. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our Common Stock. The payment of dividends is at the discretion of the Board and is contingent on our revenues and earnings, capital
requirements, financial condition and the ability of our operating subsidiaries to obtain governmental approval to send funds out of
the PRC. We currently intend to retain all earnings, if any, for use in business operations. Accordingly, we do not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the near future. 

The PRC s national currency, the RMB or
yuan, is not a freely-convertible currency. Please refer to the Risk Factors Governmental control of currency conversion may
affect the value of shareholder investment , and PRC regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC
residents may limit our PRC subsidiary s ability to increase its registered capital or distribute profits to us or otherwise expose
us or our PRC resident beneficial owners to liability and penalties under PRC law . 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 

The Company did not make any sales of unregistered
securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a
current report on Form 8-K. 

56 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information as
of December 31, 2022, with respect to our equity compensation plans previously approved by stockholders and equity compensation plans
not previously approved by stockholders. 

Equity Compensation
 Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of 
 securities 
 to be issued 
 upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 

Weighted 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 

- 

- 

- 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

(1) 
 Consists of equity incentive plans, which
 was approved by the Company s shareholders at its annual or special meetings on November 19, 2015, March 13, 2018, February
 26, 2020 and December 18, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was no shares authorized for issuance under stock incentive plans
 of the Company. 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company approved
 and adopted the Future FinTech Group Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2019 Equity Plan on October 9, 2019, which
 was approved by the shareholders at the shareholders special meeting on February 26, 2020. The 2019 Equity Plan has a total of 3,000,000
 shares of Common Stock. The Company grant the 3,000,000 shares under 2019 Equity Plan to nine officers, employees and director of
 the Company on December 28, 2020. 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company approved
 and adopted the Future FinTech Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2020 Equity Plan on October 27, 2020, which
 was approved by the shareholders at the shareholders annual meeting on December 18, 2020. The 2020 Equity Plan has a total of 5,000,000
 shares of Common Stock. The Company grant the 1,953,000 shares under 2020 Equity Plan to sixteen officers and employees of the Company
 and its subsidiaries on July 12, 2021. On July 12, 2022, the Company granted 3,047,000 shares under the 2020 Equity Plan, to six
 officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

Not Applicable. 

57 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the
consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly
under the heading Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Future FinTech is a holding company incorporated under the laws of
the State of Florida and it is not a Chinese operating company. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct
a substantial majority of our operations through our subsidiaries and contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity (VIE) 
Cloud Chain E-Commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. E-Commerce Tianjin ), based in China and this structure involves unique risks
to investors. The Company historically engaged in the production and sale of fruit juice concentrates (including fruit purees and fruit
juices), fruit beverages (including fruit juice beverages and fruit cider beverages) in People s Republic of China. Due to drastically
increased production costs and tightened environmental laws in China, the Company had transformed its business from fruit juice manufacturing
and distribution to a real-name blockchain based e-commerce platform, supply chain financing services and trading business and financial
services and technology business. The business operations of the Company include blockchain based online shopping platform, Chain Cloud
Mall CCM ), supply chain financing services and trading, asset management and money transfer service. The Company is also
developing cryptocurrency mining and cryptocurrency market data services. 

On August 6, 2021, the Company completed acquisition
of 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited NTAM ), a Hong Kong-based asset management
company, from Joy Rich Enterprises Limited Joy Rich ). NTAM is licensed under the Securities and Futures Commission of
Hong Kong SFC to carry out regulated activities in Type 4: Advising on Securities and Type 9: Asset Management. 

In December 2021, FTFT Capital Investments, LLC
officially launched FTFTX, a cryptocurrency market data platform that provides investors with real-time cryptocurrency market data and
trading information from a large number of cryptocurrency exchanges. The market data is available for Bitcoin, ETH, EOS, Litecoin, TRON
and other cryptocurrencies at https://www.ftftx.com and via the FTFTX App on iOS and Android devices. The FTFTX app is free to download
on Google Play and the Apple Store. 

In
March 2022, FTFT UK Limited received has received approval to operate as an Electronic Money Directive EMD Agent and
has been registered as such with the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), a UK regulator. This status grants FTFT UK Limited the ability
to distribute or redeem e-money and provide certain financial services on behalf of an e-money institution (registration number 903050). 

On April 18, 2022, the
Company and Future Fintech (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company jointly acquired 100 equity interest of
KAZAN S.A., a company incorporated in Republic of Paraguay for 288. The Company owns 90 and FTFT HK owns 10 of Kazan S.A.,
respectively. Kazan S.A. has no operation before the acquisition. The Company plans to develop bitcoin and other cryptocurrency mining
and related services in Paraguay. The Company has changed its name from KAZAN S.A to FTFT Paraguay S.A. on July 28, 2022. 

On September 29, 2022, FTFT UK Limited
completed its acquisition of 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., a company incorporated in
England and Wales, from Rahim Shah, a resident of United Kingdom for a total of Euros 685,000 Purchase Price ),
pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement dated September 1, 2021. Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. is a money
transfer company with a platform for transferring money through one of its agent locations or via its online portal, mobile platform
or over the phone. Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the parties received
approval by the FCA before the formal closing of the transaction. On October 11, 2022, the Company changed the name of Khyber Money
Exchange Ltd. to FTFT Finance UK Limited. 

On February 27, 2023, Future FinTech (Hong Kong)
Limited Buyer ), a company incorporated in Hong Kong and a wholly owned subsidiary of Future FinTech Group Inc. (the Company entered into a Share Transfer Agreement (the Agreement with Alpha Financial Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong Seller and sole owner and shareholder of Alpha International Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated
in Hong Kong Alpha HK and Alpha Information Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in China Alpha
SZ ). Alpha HK holds Type 1 Securities Trading , Type 2 Futures Contract Trading and Type 4 Securities
Consulting financial licenses issued by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. Alpha SZ provides technical support services
to Alpha HK. 

We are a holding company incorporated in Florida
and we are not a Chinese operating company. As a holding company with no material operations of our own, we conduct a substantial majority
of our operations through our subsidiaries and the VIE E-Commerce Tianjin in China and this structure involves unique risks. Our shares
of common stock are shares of our Florida holding company, and we do not have any equity ownership of the VIE, instead we control and
is the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes through certain contractual arrangements, which are used to provide investors
with exposure foreign investment in Chinese-based companies where Chinese law prohibits or restricts direct foreign investment in value
added telecom/e-commerce business. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow the VIE structure, which would likely result in a material
change in our operations and/or value of our securities, including that it could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline
or worthless. See Risk Factors If the PRC government deems that the contractual arrangements in relation to the
consolidated variable interest entity do not comply with PRC regulatory restrictions on foreign investment in the relevant industries,
or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or
be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. 

58 

There are legal and operational risks associated
with being based in and having majority of our operations in Hong Kong and China. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of
regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal
activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity
structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement.
On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly
issued an announcement to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital
market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement
and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system
of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. On December 28, 2021, Cybersecurity Review Measures was published by Cyberspace
Administration of China or the CAC, National Development and Reform Commission, Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, Ministry
of Public Security, Ministry of State Security, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Commerce, People s Bank of China, State Administration
of Radio and Television, China Securities Regulatory Commission, State Secrecy Administration and State Cryptography Administration,
effective on February 15, 2022, which provides that, Critical Information Infrastructure Operators CIIOs that purchase
internet products and services and Online Platform Operators engaging in data processing activities that affect or may affect national
security shall be subject to the cybersecurity review by the Cybersecurity Review Office. On November 14, 2021, CAC published the Administration
Measures for Cyber Data Security (Draft for Public Comments), or the Cyber Data Security Measure (Draft) , which requires
cyberspace operators with personal information of more than 1 million users who want to list abroad to file a cybersecurity review with
the Office of Cybersecurity Review. On April 2, 2022, the CSRC released the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives
Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), which provide that a domestic
company that seeks to offer and list its securities in a overseas market shall strictly abide by applicable PRC laws and regulations,
enhance legal awareness of keeping state secrets and strengthening archives administration, institute a sound confidentiality and archives
administration system, and take necessary measures to fulfill confidentiality and archives administration obligations. On July 7, 2022,
CAC promulgated the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Cross-border Transfer, effective on September 1, 2022, which requires
the data processors to apply for data cross-border security assessment coordinated by the CAC under the following circumstances: (i)
any data processor transfers important data to overseas; (ii) any critical information infrastructure operator or data processor who
processes personal information of over 1 million people provides personal information to overseas; (iii) any data processor who provides
personal information to overseas and has already provided personal information of more than 100,000 people or sensitive personal information
of more than 10,000 people to overseas since January 1 st of the previous year; and (iv) other circumstances under which
the data cross-border transfer security assessment is required as prescribed by the CAC. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (the New Overseas Listing Rules with five interpretive guidelines, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The New Overseas Listing Rules require Chinese domestic enterprises
to complete filings with relevant governmental authorities and report related information under certain circumstances. The required filing
scope is not limited to the initial public offering, but also includes subsequent overseas securities offering, single or multiple acquisition(s),
share swap, transfer of shares or other means to seek an overseas direct or indirect listing and a secondary listing or dual major listing
of issuers already listed overseas. According to the Notice on Arrangements for Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Enterprises, published by the CSRC on February 17, 2023, a company that (i) has already completed overseas listing or (ii) has already
obtained the approval for the offering or listing from overseas securities regulators or exchanges but has not completed such offering
or listing before effective date of the new rules and also completes the offering or listing before September 30, 2023 will be considered
as an existing listed company and is not required to make any filing until it conducts a new offering in the future. Furthermore, upon
the occurrence of any of the material events specified below after an issuer has completed its offering and listed its securities on
an overseas stock exchange, the issuer shall submit a report thereof to the CSRC within 3 working days after the occurrence and public
disclosure of the event: (i) change of control; (ii) investigations or sanctions imposed by overseas securities regulatory agencies or
other competent authorities; (iii) change of listing status or transfer of listing segment; or (iv) voluntary or mandatory delisting.
On February 24, 2023, the CSRC revised the Provisions on Strengthening the Management of Confidentiality and Archives Related to the
Overseas Issuance of Securities and Overseas Listing by Domestic Companies which were issued in 2009 (the Archives Rules ).
The revised Archives Rules took effect on March 31, 2023. The revised Archives Rules expands their application to cover indirect overseas
offering and listing, stipulating that a domestic company which plans to publicly disclose any documents and materials containing state
secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall first obtain approval from competent authorities according to law, and file
with the secrecy administrative department at the same level. As of the date of this report, these new laws and guidelines have not impacted
the Company s ability to conduct its business, accept foreign investments, or list on a U.S. or other foreign stock exchange; however,
there are uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of these new laws and guidelines, which could materially and adversely
impact our business and financial outlook and may impact our ability to accept foreign investments or continue to list on a U.S. or other
foreign stock exchange. In the opinion of our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, the VIE and certain subsidiaries of the Company are incorporated
and operating in mainland China and they have received all required permissions from Chinese authorities to operate their current business
in China, including a Business license, Bank Account Open Permits and Value Added Telecom Business License. As of the date of this report,
in the opinion of our PRC counsel Fengdong Law Firm, we, our subsidiaries and the VIE in China are not subject to permission requirements
from the China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC ), Cyberspace Administration of China CAC or any other
entity that is required to approve of the VIE s operations and have not received or were denied such permissions by any PRC authorities.
However, given the current PRC regulatory environment, it is uncertain whether we, our subsidiaries or the VIE, will be able to obtain
permission from the PRC government to offer our securities to foreign investors, and even when such permission is obtained, whether it
will be denied or rescinded. If we or any of our subsidiaries or the VIE do not receive or maintain such permissions or approvals, inadvertently
conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we or our
subsidiaries are required to obtain such permissions or approvals, it could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer
or continue to offer our securities to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
If applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and the VIE is required to obtain permissions or approvals in the future,
we may face substantial uncertainties as to whether we can obtain such permissions or approvals in a timely manner, or at all. Failure
to take timely and appropriate measures to adapt to any of these or similar regulatory compliance challenges could materially and adversely
affect our current corporate structure and business operations. 

59 

Chain Cloud Mall is
a unique real-name based blockchain e-commerce shopping platform that integrates blockchain, internet technology. The CCM shared shopping
mall platform is designed to be a block-chain based shopping mall for merchants and goods, not the exchange of digital currencies, and
it currently only accepts payment from credit cards, Alipay and WeChat. 

The Company started
its trial operation of NONOGIRL, a cross-border e-commerce platform, in March 2020 and formally launched it in July 2020. The cross-border
e-commerce platform aimed to build a new s2b2c (supplier to business and consumer) outsourcing sales platform dominated by social media
influencers. It was aimed at the growing female consumer market, with the ability to broadcast, short video, and all forms communication
through the platform. It could also create a sales oriented sharing ecosystem with other major social media used by customers, etc. The
Company s promotion strategy previously mainly relied on the training of members and distributors through meetings and conferences.
Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the Chinese government put a restriction on large gatherings. These restrictions made the promotion
strategy for our online e-commerce platforms difficult to be implemented and the Company has experienced difficulties to subscribe new
members for its online e-commerce platforms. Due to the lack of new subscribers, in June 2021, the Company suspended its cross-border
e-commerce platform (NONOGIRL) which has been closed now. Also, since the second quarter of 2021, the Company has transformed its member-based
business model of Chain Cloud Mall to a sale agent based eCAAS platform and began to provide supply chain financing services and trading
of coal for coal mines and power generation plants as well as aluminum ingots. 

The Company currently has ten directly controlled
subsidiaries: DigiPay FinTech Limited DigiPay ), a company incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, Future
FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong, GlobalKey Shared Mall Limited, a company incorporated
under the laws of Cayman Islands GlobalKey Shared Mall ), Tianjin Future Private Equity Fund Management Partnership, a
Limited Partnership under the laws of China, FTFT UK Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of United Kingdom, Future Fintech
Digital Capital Management, LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of Connecticut, Future Fintech Digital Number One GP, LLC, a company
incorporated under the laws of Connecticut, Future FinTech Labs Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of New York, FTFT SuperComputing
Inc. a company incorporated under the laws of Ohio and FTFT Paraguay S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Paraguay. 

SkyPeople Foods Holdings Limited SkyPeople
BVI was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which
held 100 of the equity interest of HeDeTang Holdings (HK) Ltd. HeDeTang HK ), a company organized under the laws of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China Hong Kong ), and HeDeTang HK held 73.42 
of the equity interest of SkyPeople Juice Group Co., Ltd., SkyPeople (China) ), a company incorporated under the laws of
the PRC. SkyPeople (China) had eleven subsidiaries in the PRC, which were mainly involved in the production and sales of fruit juice
concentrates, fruit juice beverages and other fruit-related products in the PRC and overseas markets. On February 27, 2020, SkyPeople
BVI (the Seller completed the transfer of its ownership of HeDeTang HK to New Continent International Co., Ltd. (the Buyer ),
an unrelated third party and a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands for a total price of RMB 0.6 million (approximately
 85,714), pursuant to a Share Transfer Agreement entered into by the Seller and the Buyer on September 18, 2019 and approved at the special
shareholders meeting of the Company on February 26, 2020 (the Sale Transaction ). SkyPeople BVI had no operational assets
or business after the transfer and the Company dissolved SkyPeople BVI on July 27, 2020. 

CCM Shopping Mall 

Due to the lack of new member subscriptions caused
by restrictions on our promotion strategy for the control of spread of COVID-19, we have transformed the CCM shopping mall from a member
based platform to a sale agent based eCAAS platform. The eCAAS platform is entrusted by the Anti-Counterfeiting Committee to run its
Responsible Brand Program. 

Anti-Counterfeiting Committee will review and
accept the companies to join its Responsible Brand Program. After acceptance, these companies are authorized to use 315 anti-counterfeiting
labels on their products and sell them on our eCAAS platform. The companies can also use sales agents to sell their products on our eCAAS
platform and parties can negotiate the commission percentages for the products sold. Any new sales agent must be recommended by existing
agents and pay a one-time fee to the eCAAS platform to be admitted as the authorized agent to provide sales agent services on the platform. 

60 

Coal and Aluminum Ingots Supply Chain Financing
Service and Trading 

Since the second quarter
of 2021, we started coal supply chain financing service and trading business. Since the third quarter of 2021, we started aluminum ingots
supply chain financing service and trading business. 

Our supply chain finance business mainly serves
the receivables and payables of industrial customers, obtains the creditor s rights or commodity goods rights of large state-owned
enterprises through trade execution, provides customers with working capital, accelerates capital turnover, and then expands the business
scale and improves the industrial value. 

Through our supply chain service ability and
customer resources, we can tap into low-risk assets, flexibly carry out financial services around the actual financial needs of certain
industries, and reduce the overall risk of the business by using the control of business flow, goods logistics and capital flow in the
process of commodity circulation. 

We focus on bulk coal and aluminum ingots and
take large state-owned or listed companies as the core service targets; We use our own funds as the operation basis, actively uses a
variety of channels and products for financing, such as banks, commercial factoring companies, accounts receivable, asset-backed securities,
and other innovative financing methods to obtain sufficient funds. 

We sign purchase and sale agreements with suppliers and buyers. The
suppliers are responsible for the supply and transportation of coal to the end users designated freight yard or transfer the title
of aluminum ingots to us in certain warehouses. We also provide trading service as we don t take control over the ownership of the
goods and lower margin for the transaction. We select the customers and suppliers that have good credit and reputation. 

The Company s revenues are substantially
reported on a net basis as the supply chain service is primarily responsible for providing the underlying supply chain service and the
Company does not control the service provided by the supply chain supplier to the customer. 

Asset Management
Service 

NTAM engages assets management and advisory services.
NTAM s main revenue is generated from providing professional advices to customers and management fees for managing the investment
of the clients. NTAM is licensed under the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong (SFC) for carrying out regulated activities
in Advising on Securities and Asset Management . NTAM offers diversified asset management portfolio for professional
investors. Assets of NTAM s clients are held in banks, where clients gave the banks their authorization allowing NTAM to place
trading instructions on behalf of the clients in order to manage the clients assets. 

NTAM mainly engages in following asset management services for its
clients: 

(1) Equity Investment 

NTAM manages clients investment portfolio
in stocks of the companies listed on the international market with strong liquidity. At the same time, it selects companies that have
unique or differentiated businesses, realizing above average profit growth. 

(2) Debt investment 

When NTAM manages clients investment portfolio
in bonds that are denominated in major international currencies such as US dollar, euro and sterling, the issuer of debts shall have
good credit rating and asset liability ratio. Through active management, NTAM focuses in bonds with higher yield to maturity among bonds
with the same maturity and credit rating. 

(3) Precious metals and currencies investment 

NTAM also manages clients investment portfolio
in major international currencies and precious metals, including US dollar, euro, British pound, Japanese yen, Australian dollar and
offshore Chinese yuan. Precious metals include gold, platinum and silver. With research on the fundamentals of market supply and demand
to predict the trend of commodity prices, NTAM endeavors to improve the rate of return for clients through dual currency investment,
options and structured products. 

(4) Derivative Investment 

NTAM also manages clients investment portfolio
in financial derivatives in different asset classes, such as options and structured products. 

(5) External Asset Management Services (EAM) 

This business takes customer demand as the service
purpose, cooperates with several private banks which provide asset custody services, and innovatively introduces the function of investment
bank to provide exclusive private solutions for our clients. 

NTAM s main revenue is generated from providing
professional advices to clients and management fees for managing the investment of the clients. As of March 15, 2023, NTAM has approximately
US 300 million assets under its management. 

61 

Money Transfer Business 

FTFT Finance UK Limited FTFT Finance formerly known as Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. was acquired by FTFT UK in September 2022. It is regulated by UK Financial Conduct Authority FCA for its cross-border money transfer systems and service. FTFT Finance was incorporated in 2009 and is a pioneer in
the UK for money remittance services. FTFT Finance provides money transfer services through its platform to transfer money around the
world via one of its agent locations or its online portal, mobile platform, or over the phone. FTFT Finance is headquartered in the UK
and it has a trade name of FTFT Pay. FTFT Finance s plan is to develop products and services across different regions of the world
and become a global name in money remittance services. 

FTFT Finance is a financial platform that enables
its customers to send their hard-earned money to their country of origin, or any other country of their liking, with ease and at a reasonable
cost, transparent exchange rate and without any hidden charges. We believe that it is our understanding of our customers and their diverse
backgrounds that has helped FTFT Finance to become a credible and trustworthy money remittance business. The FTFT Pay platform and system
support direct connections to over 130 countries and their local banks, targeting customers with transfer destinations based in prominent
countries across the Middle East and Southeast Asia. 

Remittance service is a highly saturated market
in the United Kingdom. There are many companies that offer remittance services however FTFT Finance only sees Ace Money Transfer, Wise
(formerly known as Transfer Wise), Remitly and Remit World as its main competitors. 

FTFT Finance has an edge over companies like wise
in many different ways, for example, FTFT Finance offers competitive rates for our services and does not charge customer fees for remittance to Pakistan as it receives
its rebate from local banks is Free of Cost. This
approach provides gives us an advantage over our competitors. 

In the Year 2022, the total UK Remittance
Market was estimated to be valued at 49.55 billion with a growth rate of 6.0 according to a report of Remittance Brave Global
Headwinds of World Bank in November 2022. It is also estimate that by the year 2027 the UK s remittance market will be 66.5 billion according
to the UK remittance statistics from Finder.com. 

Expats living in the United Kingdom often send
money to their relatives either to support them, or for emergency uses or weddings. The UK has a large migrant population of Indians,
Pakistanis and Bangladeshis. 

FTFT Finance has been in money remittance business
since 2009 and has over 500,000 customers. FTFT Finance advertises through Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn in order to reach
out to new customers. FTFT Finance implemented email marketing, in which they email customers daily to keep them updated on their account,
transactions as well as marketing and promotions. 

The management of FTFT Finance are currently engaged
in talks with different PR companies to kick start a new campaign under FTFT Finance brand name as all previous campaigns were under Khyber
Money Exchange brand. 

Recent Developments Related to the COVID-19
Outbreak 

In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus was reported and has spread throughout China and other parts of the world. On March 11, 2020, the World Health
Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . In early 2020, Chinese government took emergency measures to
combat the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings and facilities
in China. In response to the evolving dynamics related to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company followed the guidelines of local authorities
as it prioritizes the health and safety of its employees, contractors, suppliers and business partners. Our offices in China were closed
and the employees worked from home at the end of January 2020 until late March 2020. The quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary
closure of office buildings have materially negatively impacted our business. Our suppliers were negatively affected, and could continue
to be negatively affected in their ability to supply and ship products to our customers in case of any resurgence of COVID-19. Our customers
that have been negatively impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19 may reduce their budgets to purchase products and services from us, which
may materially adversely impact our revenue. The business operations of the third parties stores on our e-commerce platform have
been and continue to be negatively impacted by the outbreak, which in turn adversely affects the business of our platform as a whole
as well as our financial condition and operating results. The outbreak has had and continues to have disruption to our supply chain,
logistics providers, customers or our marketing activities with the new variants of COVID-19, which could materially adversely impact
our business and results of operations, especially to our supply chain financing and trading business during the first quarter of 2022.
There was outbreak in various cities and provinces due to Omicron variant in Xi an city, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing in 2022,
which have resulted quarantines, travel restrictions, and temporary closure of office buildings and facilities in these cities. In December 2022,
the Chinese government eased its strict zero COVID-19 policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19 cases during December 2022 and
January 2023, which has disrupted our business operations in China. The Company s promotion strategy of CCM Shopping Mall previously
mainly relied on the training of members and distributors through meetings and conferences. Chinese government put a restriction on large
gatherings in 2020 and 2021, which made the promotion strategy for our online e-commerce platforms difficult to implement and the Company
experienced difficulties to subscribe new members for its online e-commerce platforms. Due to the lack of new subscribers, in June
2021, the Company suspended its cross-border e-commerce platform NONOGIRL which has been closed now. Also, since the second quarter of
2021, the Company has transformed its member-based Chain Cloud Mall to a sale agent based eCAAS platform and began to provide supply
chain financing services. 

The global economy has
also been materially negatively affected by the COVID-19 and there is continued uncertainty about the duration and intensity of its impacts.
The Chinese and global growth forecast is extremely uncertain, which would seriously affect our business. 

While the potential
economic impact brought by, and the duration of COVID-19 and its new variants may be difficult to assess or predict, a widespread pandemic
could result in significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital, which could negatively affect
our liquidity. In addition, a recession or market correction resulting from the spread of COVID-19 and its new variants could materially
negatively affect our business and the value of our common stock. 

62 

Further, as we do not
have access to a revolving credit facility, there can be no assurance that we would be able to secure commercial debt financing in the
future in the event that we require additional capital. We currently believe that our financial resources will be adequate to see us
through the outbreak. However, in the event that we do need to raise capital in the future, outbreak-related instability in the securities
markets could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital. 

Consequently, our results of operations have
been materially and adversely affected by COVID-19 pandemic. Any potential further impact to our results will depend on, to a large extent,
future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration and severity of the COVID-19, new variants of COVID-19,
the efficacy and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines and the actions taken by government authorities and other entities to contain the
COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. 

Discontinued Operations 

On September 18, 2019, SkyPeople Foods Holdings
Limited, entered into a Share Transfer Agreement (the Agreement with New Continent International Co., Ltd., (the Buyer a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Buyer purchased 100 ownership of HeDeTang
HK from SkyPeople Foods Holdings Limited, which value is primarily derived from HeDeTang HK s wholly-owned subsidiary HeDeJiaChuan
Holdings Co., Ltd. and 73.41 owned subsidiary SkyPeople Juice Group Co., Ltd., for a total price of RMB 600,000 (approximately 85,714)
(the Sale Transaction ). The Sale Transaction was closed on February 27, 2020. In accordance with ASC Topic 205, Presentation
of Financial Statement Discontinued Operations ASC Topic 205 ), the Company presented the operation results of HeDeTang
HK and its subsidiaries as a discontinued operation, as the Company believed that no continued cash flow would be generated by the discontinued
component and that the Company would have no significant continuing involvement in the operations of the discontinued component. The
total assets of HeDeTang HK were 106.85 million as of February 27, 2020 and the total liabilities of HeDeTang HK were 231.21 million
as of February 27, 2020, resulting in a gain on disposal of 123.69 million. There was no income or loss from HeDeTang HK from January
1, 2020 to the close of Sale Transaction. 

On March 11, 2020, the Company s Board
of Directors passed a resolution to sell the operation of Globalkey Supply Chain Limited and Zhonglian Hengxin Assets Management Co.,
Ltd Zhonglian Hengxin and close the operation of Digital Online Marketing Limited, SkyPeople Foods Holdings Limited and
Chain Future Digital Tech (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Based on the disposal plan and in accordance with ASC 205-20, the Company presented the
operating results from these operations as a discontinued operation. 

On May 7, 2020, Future Business Management Co., Ltd. completed the
transfer of its ownership of Zhonglian Hengxin to an individual third party. On July 24, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors
passed a resolution to sale the operation of Hedetang Farm Products Trading Markets (Mei County) Co., Ltd. and close the operation of
Chain Cloud Mall Logistics Center (Shaanxi) Co., Ltd, which was dissolved and deregistered in June 2022. On July 27, 2020, Skypeople Foods
Holdings Limited was dissolved; On July 28, 2020, Digital Online Marketing Limited was dissolved; 

On November 12, 2020, CCM Tianjin, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement with Xi an Yishengkang Information Technology, Ltd. Xi an
Yishengkang ), an unrelated third party, pursuant to which CCM Tianjin agreed to sell 90 of total issued and outstanding capital
stock of in Hedetang Farm Products Trading Markets (Mei county) Co., Ltd. that it owns to Xi an Yishengkang for RMB9,000 (approximately
 1,324). On the same date, CCM Logistics entered into another Equity Transfer Agreement with an individual and unrelated third party,
Liyuan Ying, pursuant to which CCM Tianjin agreed to sell 10 of total issued and outstanding capital stock of in Hedetang Farm Products
Trading Markets (Mei county) Co., Ltd. that it owns to Liyuan Ying for RMB1,000 (approximately 147). 

On April 9, 2021, FT Commercial Management (Beijing)
Co., Ltd. was dissolved and deregistered. 

On August 2, 2021, the Company sold Guangchengji
(Guangdong) Industrial Co., Ltd. to an unrelated third party. 

63 

On September 2, 2021, Future Supply Chain Co.,
Ltd. discontinued its operations, and on November 4, 2021, it completed the transfer of its ownership to Shaanxi Fu Chen Venture Capital
Management Co. Ltd. 

On June 27, 2022, Chain Cloud Mall Logistics Center (Shaanxi) Co.,
Limited was dissolved and deregistered. 

Segment Information Reclassification 

The Company s businesses mainly are CCM
Shopping Mall, Coal and Aluminum Ingots Supply Chain Financing Service and Trading and Asset Management Services. 

Use of Estimates 

The Company s consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and this requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure at contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The significant areas requiring the use of management estimates
include the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable, estimated useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment, impairment
of long-lived assets, provision for staff benefit, valuation of change in fair value of warrant liability, recognition and measurement
of deferred income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. Although these estimates are based on management s knowledge
of current events and actions management may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

On January 1, 2009, the Company adopted FASB
Accounting Standard Codification Topic on Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ), which defines fair value,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820 does not require
any new fair value measurements, but provides guidance on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify
the source of the information. In February 2008, FASB deferred the effective date of ASC 820 by one year for certain non-financial assets
and non-financial liabilities, except those that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). The Company adopted the provisions of ASC 820, except as it applies to those non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities for which the effective date has been delayed by one year. 

ASC 820 establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy
of valuation techniques based on observable and unobservable input, which may be used to measure fair value and include the following: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Input other than Level 1 that is observable,
either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active;
or other input that is observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3 - Unobservable input that is supported
by little or no market activity and that is significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Classification within the hierarchy
is determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers, from January 1, 2018. The adoption had no impact on the Company s retained earnings as of January 1, 2018 as well
as the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019. To achieve that core principle, we apply the five steps
defined under Topic 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii)
determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize
revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We assess its revenue arrangements against specific criteria in order
to determine if it is acting as principal or agent. Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised goods or services
to a customer. Historically, the Company has not had any returned products. Accordingly, no provision has been made for returnable goods.
The Company is not required to rebate or credit a portion of the original fee if it subsequently reduces the price of its products. 

64 

Foreign Currency and Other Comprehensive Income 

The financial statements of the Company s
foreign subsidiaries are measured using the local currency as the functional currency; however, the reporting currency of the Company
is the United States dollar USD ). Assets and liabilities of the Company s foreign subsidiaries have been translated
into USD using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date, while equity accounts are translated using historical exchange rate. The
average exchange rate for the period has been used to translate revenues and expenses. Translation adjustments are reported separately
and accumulated in a separate component of equity (cumulative translation adjustment). 

Other comprehensive income for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 represented foreign currency translation adjustments and were included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income. 

There is no guarantee the RMB amounts could have
been, or could be, converted into USD at rates used in translation. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are provided on an asset and liability
approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Any tax paid by subsidiaries during the year is recorded. Current tax
is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable or disallowable for income tax purpose
and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred income tax liabilities or assets are recorded
to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the financial reporting
amounts at each period end. A valuation allowance is recognized if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of a deferred
tax asset will not be realized. 

ASC 740 provides guidance for recognizing and
measuring uncertain tax positions, and it prescribes a threshold condition that a tax position must meet for any of the benefits of the
uncertain tax position to be recognized in the financial statements. ASC 740 also provides accounting guidance on derecognizing, classification
and disclosure of these uncertain tax positions. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

In accordance with the FASB ASC 360-10, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and purchased intangibles
subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technological or other
industrial changes. Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to
future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets. 

If such assets are considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.
Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all the recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company.
See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of applicable recent
accounting pronouncements. 

65 

Comparison of Operation Results of years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

The following table presents our consolidated
revenues for our main products and services for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, (in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

CCM Shopping Mall Membership 
 - 
 0.09 
 (0.09 
 (100.00 
 
 Coal and Aluminum Ingots Supply Chain Financing/Trading 
 10,108 
 19,728 
 (9,620 
 (48.76 
 
 Asset management service 
 13,631 
 5,316 
 8,315 
 156.41 
 
 Others 
 142 
 7 
 135 
 1928.57 
 
 Total 
 23,881 
 25,051 
 (1,170 
 (4.67 

Revenue decreased from 25.05 million in 2021
to 23.88 million in 2022, decrease of 1.17million or 4.67 . The decrease in overall revenue was mainly due to decrease in revenues generated
from asset management services and supply chain financing service and trading business. 

The Company has transformed its business model
of CCM Shopping Mall from a member-based platform to a sales agent based eCAAS platform. Due to COVID-19 related restriction and slow-down
of economy in China, we were unable to revenue for the sales agent based eCAAS platform during the year ended 2022. 

Revenues from coal and aluminum ingots supply chain financing service
and trading business decreased from 19.73 million for year ended 2021 to 10.11 million for the year ended 2022. The COVID-19 outbreak
in Xi an and other cities in China where we had our supply chain services and related control measures by local government in 2022
has had negative impact on the coal and aluminum ingot business and we also had more business in sales agent type trading service mode
which we did not take ownership of the goods but receive lower margin for the transactions in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, which
resulted the decrease in revenue in the year 2022 comparing to the same period of 2021. 

Asset management service fee increased from 5.32 million for the year
ended 2021 to 13.63 million for the year ended 2022. We acquire this new business on August 6, 2021 and only consolidated partial of
its revenues for the five months revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, comparing to full year revenues for 2022. 

Gross Margin 

(in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Gross profit 
 Gross margin 
 Gross profit 
 Gross margin 
 
 CCM Shopping Mall Membership 
 - 
 - 
 0.09 
 98.95 
 
 Coal and Aluminum Ingots Supply Chain Financing/Trading 
 339 
 3.35 
 510 
 2.58 
 
 Asset management service 
 4,948 
 36.31 
 1,291 
 24.29 
 
 Other 
 108 
 76.06 
 0.5 
 7.88 
 
 Total 
 5,395 
 22.59 
 1,802 
 7.19 

Overall
gross margin as a percentage of revenue was 22.59 for the year ended 2022, an increase of 15.4 compared to
7.19 for the same period of last fiscal year, mainly due to more revenues from the asset management service which had a
higher gross margin. 

66 

Operating Expenses 

The following table presents consolidated operating
expenses and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively, (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 

Amount 
 of revenue 
 Amount 
 of revenue 
 
 General and administrative 
 14,474 
 60.61 
 7,678 
 30.65 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 2,672 
 11.19 
 698 
 2.79 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 1,280 
 5.36 
 5,488 
 21.91 
 
 Selling expenses 
 808 
 3.38 
 366 
 1.46 
 
 Bad debt provision 
 26 
 0.11 
 (2 
 (0.01 
 
 Impairment Loss 
 3,249 
 13.6 
 782 
 3.12 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 22,509 
 94.26 
 15,010 
 59.92 

General and administrative expenses increased
by 6.8 million, or 88.51 , from 7.7million to 14.47 million for the year ended 2022, compared to the same period of last fiscal year.
The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to increased professional service fees for acquisition projects and
certain training and consulting fees for the acquired and newly established companies during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Selling expenses increased by 0.44 million to
 0.81 million in 2022 as compared to 0.37 million in 2021, the increase in selling expenses was mainly due to increased salary and advertising
fees. 

Stock compensation expense was 1.28 million during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company granted certain shares
of common stock of the Company to certain officers and employees in July 2022. Stock compensation expense was decreased 76.68 from 5.49
million in the year ended December 30, 2021 to 1.28 million in same period of 2022, mainly due to our stock price was lower in 2022 than
in 2021. 

The Company recorded 0.91 million of impairment
loss in the year ended December 31, 2022 relating to short term investment which mainly due to Future Private Equity Fund Management
(Hainan) Co., Ltd. invested 1.87 million (RMB13,000,000) to entrust Shanghai Yuli Enterprise Management Consulting Firm to invest in
various types of investment portfolios. The impairment loss relating to the short term investment is due to that overall economic environment
has worsened in China with Covid-19 outbreak and related lockdown in various cities in China in 2022, Ukraine war, inflation, looming
recession worldwide. According to the market value, the Company s balance of the short term investment was 0.91 million on December
31, 2022. 

Loss from Operations 

Loss from operations increased by 1.57 million to 14.77 million for
2022 from 13.21 million for 2021, mainly due to decrease in revenue. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Shaanxi Chunlv Ecological Agriculture Co., Ltd. Shaanxi Chunlv holds 20.0 interest in Chain Cloud Mall Logistics Center (Shaanxi) Co., Limited, which was dissolved and
deregistered on June 27, 2022. Nature Worldwide Resources Ltd. holds 40 interest in DCON DigiPay Limited DCON Digipay ).
Each of Bin Wu and Lixiong Huang holds 25 and 20 interest in FTFT Capital Investments L.L.C., respectively. Aspenwood Capital Partner
Limited holds 5 , Cheung Hiu Tung holds 2.22 and Choi Tsz Leung holds 2.78 of equity interest of NATM. Yaohua Dai holds
20 equity interest of Future Fintech Digital Capital. 

67 

Loss per Share 

Basic and diluted loss per share from continuing
operations were 0.19 and 0.19 in fiscal 2022, as compared to 0.17 and 0.17 in fiscal 2021, respectively. Basic and diluted loss per
share attributable to discontinued operations was nil and nil for fiscal year 2022 as compared to basic and diluted income per share
 0.04 and 0.04 for fiscal year 2021 respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 26.15
million, a decrease of 24.12 million, from 50.27 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash, cash equivalents was mainly
due the loss in operations and the Company did not issue shares of common stock to raise money for the year ended December 31, 2022 comparing
to the same period of 2021. 

Our working capital has historically been generated
from our operating cash flows, advances from our customers and loans from bank facilities. Our working capital was 46.42 million as
of December 31, 2022, an increase of 19.07 million from 65.49 million as of December 31, 2021, mainly due to an increase in current
assets. 

In 2022, net cash used in our operating activities
was 2.69 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of 18.74 million in 2021. The decrease in net cash used by operating
activities was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and notes payable during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In 2022, net cash used in our investing activities
was 14.18 million compared to net cash used in operating activities of 11.18 million in 2021 mainly due to payment for loan receivable
and repayment for loan receivable. 

In 2022, cash provided by financing activities
was negative 0.25 million as compared to cash used in financing activities positive 69.27 million in 2021. The decrease in cash provided
by financing activities was mainly due to financing from the issuance of shares of common stock. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The information called for by this item is included
in the Company s consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. 

68 

The term disclosure controls and procedures 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) means controls and other procedures of the Company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in reports, such as this report, that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives,
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based
on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022,
due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We have weakness of controls over i) loans to third
parties; ii) identify the related party transaction; iii) assessment for impairment and iv) lack sufficient accounting personnel with
the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting requirements. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our accounting policies and internal controls over financial reporting, established and maintained by management,
are under the general oversight of the Board s audit committee. 

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only
 in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

The standard measures adopted by management in
making its evaluation are the measures in the Internal-Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. 

Based on management s assessment, our CEO
and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was ineffective. We have taken, and
will take, certain actions to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP and SEC reporting experience. We engaged
a consultant with U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience to supplement our current internal accounting personnel and assist us in the preparation
of our financial statements to ensure that our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We will engage an internal control consultant to improve our internal
control procedures on loans to third parties, related party transactions management and assessment for impairment. We are also planning
to arrange additional training of internal control for our employees and management on disclosure controls and procedures. 

The Company continues to make efforts to implementing
our existing and newly adopted procedures to improve our disclosure controls and internal controls over financing reporting. 

Changes to Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than discussed above, there has been no
change to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

69 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth as of April 12,
2023, the names, positions and ages of our current executive officers and directors. Our directors serve until the next annual meeting
of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are,
except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name of Current Director 
 and/or Executive Officer 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Yongke Xue (1) 
 
 55 
 
 President 
 
 Shanchun Huang (2) 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer CEO and Director 
 
 Ming Yi (3) 
 
 42 
 
 Chief Financial Officer CFO 
 
 Yang Liu (4) 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Operating Officer COO 
 
 Fuyou Li (5)(6) 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Johnson Lau (5)(7) 
 
 49 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Mingjie Zhao (5)(8) 
 
 57 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Ying Li (9) 
 
 34 
 
 Vice President and Director 

(1) 
 On September 2, 2016, Mr. Yongke Xue resigned from his position as
 the CEO of the Company and Chairman of the Board of the Directors of the Company. Mr. Yongke Xue was appointed CEO on December 24,
 2014, and resigned as CEO of the Company on September 2, 2016. On January 5, 2018, Mr. Yongke Xue was reappointed as the Company s
 CEO, effective on January 31, 2018. On March 4, 2020. Mr. Yongke Xue resigned from his position as the CEO of the Company. On June
 23, 2021, Yongke Xue resigned as a director and the Chairman of the Board. Yongke Xue was appointed as President of the Company on
 June 23, 2021. 

(2) 
 Shanchun Huang was appointed as CEO on March 4, 2020 and a member of
 the Board of Directors of the Company on March 4, 2020. 

(3) 
 Ming Yi was appointed as CFO on November 30, 2020. 

(4) 
 Yang Liu was appointed as the COO of the Company on November 16, 2020. 

(5) 
 Member of the audit committee and compensation committee. 

(6) 
 Fuyou Li was appointed a member of the Board of Directors of the Company
 on May 8, 2015 and as the Chairman of the Board on June 23, 2021. 

(7) 
 Johnson Lau was appointed a member of the Board of Directors of the
 Company on December 23, 2014. 

(8) 
 Mingjie Zhao was appointed a member of the Board of Directors of the
 Company on July 15, 2020. 

(9) 
 Ms. Ying Li was appointed as a member of the Board on June 23, 2021. 

70 

Yongke Xue, President 

Mr. Yongke Xue served as a member of the Board
from February 26, 2008 to June 23, 2021 and as the Chairman of the Board from January 31, 2018 to June 23, 2021 and from February 26,
2008 to September 2, 2016. Mr. Xue served as our Chief Executive Officer from January 31, 2018 to March 4, 2020. Mr. Xue also served
in that position from February 26, 2008 to February 18, 2013, and from December 24, 2014 to September 2, 2016. Mr. Yongke Xue served
as the director of SkyPeople Juice Group Co., Ltd. from December 2005 to February 2020. Mr. Xue graduated from Xi an
Jiaotong University with an MBA in 2000. Mr. Xue graduated with a Bachelor s degree in Metal Material Heat Treatment from
National University of Defense Technology in July 1989. 

Shanchun Huang, Chief Executive officer and Director of the Board 

Mr. Shanchun Huang has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company and a member of the Board since March 4, 2020. Since April 2021, Mr. Huang has served as the Chairman of the Board
of Directors of Mars Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated as a blank check company. Mr. Huang served as
the president of Wealth Index (Beijing) Fund Management Co., Ltd., which provides private equity fund management service, from March
2011 to March 2020, and as the president of Wealth Index (Beijing) International Investment Consulting Co., Ltd., which provides investment
management and consulting services for non-securities related business, from August 2004 to March 2020. From May 2001 to June 2004, Mr.
Huang was the vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Corporation, a global automobile company headquartered in Hangzhou, China.
Mr. Huang graduated from Hefei Staff University of Science and Technology in July 1986, majoring in news collection and editing. The
Board believes that Mr. Huang s significant experience in investment and management will be an asset to the Company and the Board. 

Ming Yi, Chief Financial Officer 

On November 30, 2020, the Board of the Directors
appointed Mr. Ming Yi as the Chief Financial Officer CFO of the Company. 

Mr. Yi has served as an independent director
of Hudson Capital Inc. (Nasdaq: HUSN) since March 31, 2020. Mr. Yi was the Chief Financial Officer of SSLJ.com Limited from July
2018 to July 2019. From June 2011 to August 2018, Mr. Yi was the Chief Financial Officer and a board member of Wave Sync Corp. (formerly
known as China Bio-Energy Corp). From September 2009 to April 2011, he served as a senior manager at Qi He Certified Public Accountants
Co. Ltd. Form July 2007 to August 2010, Mr. Yi was a senior auditor at Ernst Young. Mr. Yi received his Bachelor of Science degree
in Accounting from School of Business Administrations of Liaoning University in 2004 and his Master of Science degree in Accounting and
Finance from Victory University, Australia in 2006. Mr. Yi is a Certified Public Accountant in Australia. 

Yang Liu, Chief Operating Officer 

On November 16, 2020, the Company appointed Mr.
Yang (Sean) Liu as the Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company. 

Since April 2021, Mr. Liu has served as an independent
director of Mars Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company incorporated as a blank check company. Mr. Liu served as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Color Star Technology Co. Ltd. (Nasdaq: CSCW) from March 2019 to July 2020. Mr. Liu served as President
of MagniFinTech from May 2017 to March 2019 and served as Chief Executive Officer of Wave Sync Corporation from July 2017 to August 2018.
Mr. Liu served as the Murex Regional Manager at UBS from November 2015 to May 2017. From June 2008 to November 2015, Mr. Liu served as
a Senior Consultant, Client Coordinator and Single-point of Contact at Murex North America. Mr. Liu holds a Bachelor of Science degree
in Electric Engineering from Tsinghua University in China and two Master s degrees in Financial Mathematics and Electrical Engineering
from New Mexico State University. 

Fuyou Li , Director and Chairman of the Board 

Mr. Fuyou Li has served as a member of the Board
and a member of the audit and compensation committees of the Board since May 8, 2015. Mr. Li was appointed as the Chairman of the Board
on June 23, 2021. Mr. Li graduated from Xi an Jiaotong University with a doctor s degree in economics. He has taught international
finance as a professor at Xi an Jiaotong University since 2000. The Board believes his qualifications, professional background
and expertise in international finance are important to the Company and the Board. 

Johnson Lau , Director 

On December 23, 2014, the Board appointed Johnson
Lau as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Lau is also the Chairman of Audit committee of the Board and a member of
the Compensation Committee of the Board. 

71 

Mr. Lau is the Chief Financial Officer of Beauty
Express Group Holdings Limited Beauty Express ), a private company in Hong Kong since April 2021. Mr. Lau is a Certified
Public Accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and CPA Australia. Mr. Lau has over 20 years of experience
in the accounting profession. Mr. Lau started his career in Deloitte in Hong Kong and Beijing from 1997 to 2004. Prior to joining Beauty
Express in 2021, Mr. Lau worked in various public and private companies in the United States, England and Hong Kong as Director of Finance
and CFO for over fifteen years. Mr. Lau was the chief financial officer and was subsequently an executive director of Haike Chemical
Group Limited, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE code: HAIK), from December 2006 to March 2009. Mr. Lau subsequently
resigned as chief financial officer and was redesignated as a non-executive director of Haike Chemical Group Limited in March 2009 and
retired as a non-executive director in January 2010. From April 2009, Mr. Lau was employed by Auto China International Limited, a company
listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and subsequently quoted on the OTC Markets (OTC: AUTCF) as chief financial officer. He was redesignated
as the director of finance in July 2009 and subsequently departed in June 2013. From June 2010 to January 2013, Mr. Lau was an independent
director of Lizhan Environmental Corporation. Mr. Lau was the chief financial officer of SGOCO Group, Ltd. (NASDAQ: SGOC) from July 2013
to June 2015. Mr. Lau was the chief financial officer of China Golden Classic Group Limited (HKEX: 8281.HK) from July 2015 to July 2018.
Mr. Lau was the chief financial officer of Dafy Holdings Limited (HKEX: 1826.HK) from August 2018 to October 2019. Mr. Lau was the chief
financial officer of a Hong Kong incorporated private company from November 2019 to February 2021. He was an independent non-executive
director of Winshine Science Company Limited (HKEX: 209.HK) from October 2017 to April 2019. Mr. Lau holds a bachelor s degree in commerce
from Monash University, Australia. The Board believes that Mr. Lau s extensive knowledge and experience in accounting and his public
company experience is important to the Company s internal controls and financial reporting and its status as a US publicly traded
company. 

Mingjie Zhao, Director 

Mr. Mingjie Zhao was appointed as a member of
the Board and Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of Audit Committee of the Board on July 15, 2020. Mr. Zhao has served
as a director of New York Hua Yang, Inc. since April 2018. From July 2016 to March 2018, Mr. Zhao served as Chief Executive Officer of
TD Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as China Commercial Credit Inc. and Nasdaq: CLG). Mr. Zhao was the Chief Operating Officer and
a director of New York Hua Yang, Inc. from September 2011 to July 2016. Mr. Zhao obtained his Master of Business Administration degree
from University of Bridgeport in Connecticut in May 2003 and his Bachelor of Science degree from China Eastern Normal University in Shanghai,
China in July 1985. The Board believes that Mr. Zhao s experience and extensive knowledge in management and public company is essential
to the Company. 

Ying Li, Director and Vice President 

Ms. Ying Li was appointed as a member of the
Board on June 23, 2021 and she has served as a director of Alpha International Securities (HONG KONG) Limited since September 9, 2020
and as a director of Alpha International Financial Holdings Limited since February 5, 2020. Ms. Li has served as the vice president of
the Company and a director of Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company since July 2016. From October
2011 to December 2019, Ms. Li served as the secretary of the Board of the Company. Ms. Li received her bachelor s degree in English
from Xi an International Studies University in July 2010. The Board believes that Ms. Li s extensive business and operational
knowledge of the Company qualifies her as a member of the Board. 

All of our directors and officers reside outside
of the United States, except for Mr. Yang Liu, Mingjie Zhao and Ying Li. Mr. Yongke Xu, Mr. Ming Yi and Fuyou Li reside in China, Mr.
Shanchuan Huang resides in the U.K. and Mr. Johnson Lau resides in Hong Kong. 

Board Diversity Matrix 

Board Diversity Matrix (As of April 12, 2023) 
 
 Total Number of Directors 
 
 5 

Female 

Male 

Non-Binary 

Did Not 
Disclose Gender 

Part I: Gender Identity 
 
 Directors 

1 

4 

0 

0 

Part II: Demographic Background 
 
 Asian (other than South Asian) 

5 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that
directors, certain officers of the Company and ten percent shareholders file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Commission
as to the Company s securities beneficially owned by them. Such persons are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based solely on its review of copies of such
forms received by the Company, or on written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that, all Section 16(a)
filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders were complied with during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, except for the following: Mr. Ming Yi, the CFO of the Company, did not file a Form 4 for the grant of stock
award for 100,000 shares on July 12, 2022 until August 2, 2022; Mr. Shanchun Huang, the CEO of the Company, did not file a Form 4 for
the grant of stock award for 800,000 shares on July 12, 2022 until July 20, 2022; and Mr. Yongke Xue, president of the Company, did not
file Form 4 for the grant of stock award for 800,000 shares on July 12, 2022. 

72 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and
ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting. Our
code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.ftft.com and may be found by first clicking on Investors, 
then Corporate Governance and then Governance Documents. We intend to disclose any amendments to the code,
or any waivers of its requirements, on our website. 

Committees of the Company s Board of Directors 

The Board held 10 regularly scheduled and special
meetings during fiscal year 2022. All of the directors attended (in person or by telephone) all of the Board meetings and any committees
of the Board on which they served during the fiscal year. Directors are expected to use their best efforts to be present at the shareholders
annual meeting. All of our directors attended the December 16, 2022 shareholders annual meeting by tele-conference or in person. 

Audit Committee 

On April 25, 2008, the Board formed an audit
committee. Messrs. Lau, Li and Zhao currently serve on the audit committee, which is chaired by Mr. Lau. Each member of the audit committee
is independent as that term is defined in the rules of the SEC and within the meaning of such term as defined under the
rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market. The Board has determined that each audit committee member has sufficient knowledge in financial and
auditing matters to serve on the audit committee. The audit committee held 5 meetings during fiscal year 2022, and all audit committee
members attended each of those meetings. Our Board has determined that Mr. Lau is an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under the applicable SEC rules. The audit committee has a written charter, which is available on the Company s
website at http://www.ftft.com. 

Management is responsible for the Company s
internal controls and the financial reporting process. The independent accounting firm is responsible for performing an independent audit
of the Company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and issuing reports thereon. The audit committee s responsibility is to monitor these
processes. The audit committee meets with management, the leader of the internal audit function, and the independent accounting firm
to facilitate communication. In addition, the audit committee appoints the Company s independent accounting firm and pre-approves
all audit and non-audit services to be performed by the independent accounting firm. 

Compensation Committee 

On April 25, 2008, the Board formed a compensation
committee. Messrs. Lau, Li and Zhao currently serve on the compensation committee, which is chaired by Mr. Zhao. Each member of the compensation
committee is independent as that term is defined in the SEC rules and within the meaning of such term as defined under
the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market, a nonemployee director for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. No interlocking
relationship exists between the Board or the compensation committee and the Board or compensation committee of any other company, nor
has any interlocking relationship existed during the last fiscal year. The compensation committee held 3 meetings during fiscal year
2022. The compensation committee has a written charter, which is available on the Company s website at http://www.ftft.com/. 

Our Board has delegated to the compensation committee
the responsibility, among other things, to determine any and all compensation payable to our executive officers, including annual salaries,
incentive compensation, long-term incentive compensation and any other compensation, and to administer our equity and incentive compensation
plans applicable to our executive officers. Decisions regarding executive compensation made by the compensation committee are considered
final and are not generally subject to Board review or ratification. Under the terms of its written charter, the compensation committee
has the power and authority to delegate any of its duties and responsibilities to subcommittees as the compensation committee may deem
appropriate in its sole discretion. Historically, the compensation committee has not generally delegated any of its duties and responsibilities
to subcommittees, but rather has taken such actions as a committee, as a whole. Deliberations and decisions by the compensation committee
concerning executive officers are made by the compensation committee, without the presence of the any executive officer of the Company. 

73 

Other Committees 

The Board may on occasion establish other committees,
as it deems necessary or required. We do not currently have a standing nominating committee, or a committee performing similar functions.
The full Board currently serves this function. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time,
because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the Board. The Board will assess all candidates, whether submitted
by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our Board of Directors is currently comprised
of five members, including three independent directors who serve as members of our audit committee and compensation committee. Our Board
leadership structure consists of a Chairman of the Board. Currently, Mr. Fuyou Li, an independent director, serves as Chairman of
the Board. The Board of Directors believes that this leadership structure, with Mr. Li serving as the Chairman and Mr. Shanchun
Huang serving as Chief Executive Officer, is appropriate at this time because it enables the Board, as a whole, to engage in oversight
of management, promote communication and collaboration between management and the Board, and oversee governance matters, while allowing
our Chief Executive Officer to focus on his primary responsibility, the operational leadership and strategic direction of the Company.
In addition to chairing the Board, Mr. Li is a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. 

Board independence and oversight of the senior
management of the Company are enabled by the presence of independent directors who have a wide range of expertise and skills and have
oversight over critical functions of the Company, such as the review of business development, evaluation and compensation of executive
management, the nomination of directors. Our independent directors collectively provide additional strength and balance to our Board
leadership structure. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of the Company s executive officers
has served as a member of a compensation committee, or other committee serving an equivalent function, of any other entity whose executive
officers serve as a director of the Company or member of the Company s compensation committee. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
current executive officer or director of the Company. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Compensation Objectives 

We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly
changing industry. The key objectives of our executive compensation programs are to: 

attract, motivate and retain executives who drive our success and industry
 leadership; and provide executive officers, with a salary and/or stock award on the market value of that role, and 

the individual s demonstrated ability to perform that role. 

74 

Stock Incentive Plans 

On October 9, 2019, the Board of Directors of
the Company approved and adopted the Future FinTech Group Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2019 Equity Plan ), which was
approved by the shareholders of the Company on February 26, 2020. The 2019 Equity Plan permits the grant of incentive stock options ISOs ),
nonqualified stock options NQSOs ), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, unrestricted stock
and restricted stock units RSUs to its employees of up to 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The 2019 Equity Plan has
a total of 3,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The Company grant the 3,000,000 shares under 2019 Equity Plan to nine officers, employees
and director of the Company on December 28, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, no shares of stock available for award under the 2019 Equity
Plan. 

The Board of Directors of the Company approved
and adopted the Future FinTech Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2020 Equity Plan on October 27, 2020, which was
approved by the shareholders at the shareholders annual meeting on December 18, 2020. The 2020 Equity Plan has a total of 5,000,000 shares
of Common Stock. The Company grant the 1,953,000 shares under 2020 Equity Plan to sixteen officers and employees of the Company on July
12, 2021, including 500,000 shares to Shanchun Huang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company; 300,000 shares to Yongke Xue, President
of the Company; 20,000 shares to Ming Yi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and 40,000 shares to Yang Liu, Chief Operating Officer
of the Company. On July 12, 2022, the Company granted 3,047,000 shares under the 2020 Equity Plan, to six officers and employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries, including: 800,000 shares to Shanchun Huang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 800,000 shares to
Yongke Xue, President of the Company, and 100,000 shares to Ming Yi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. As of December 31,
2022, no shares of stock available for award under the 2020 Equity Plan. 

We believe that the future success of the Company
depends, in large part, upon the ability of the Company to maintain a competitive position in attracting, retaining and motivating key
personnel. 

What Our Executive Compensation Program is
Designed to Reward 

Our executive compensation program is designed
to reward each individually named executive officer s contribution to the advancement of our overall performance and execution
of our goals, ideas and objectives. It is designed to reward and encourage exceptional performance at the individual level in the areas
of organization, creativity and responsibility while supporting our core values and ambitions. This in turn aligns the interest of our
executive officers with the interests of our shareholders, and thus with our interests. 

Determining Executive Compensation 

The Board s compensation committee reviews
and approves the compensation for executive officers annually. The compensation committee considers the overall performance of the past
year and the financial and operating plans for the upcoming year in determining the compensation for the executive officers. 

A named executive officer s base salary
is determined by an assessment of his/her sustained performance against individual job responsibilities, including, where appropriate,
the impact of his/her performance on our business results, current salary in relation to the salary range designated for the job, experience
and mastery, and potential for advancement. The compensation committee also annually reviews market compensation levels with comparable
jobs in the industry to determine whether the total compensation for our officers remains in the targeted median pay range. 

Role of Executive Officers in Determining Executive Compensation 

The compensation committee determines the compensation
for the CEO, which is based on various factors, such as level of responsibility and contributions to our performance. The CEO recommends
the compensation for our executive officers (other than the compensation of the CEO) to the compensation committee. The compensation
committee reviews the recommendations made by the CEO and determines the compensation of the CFO and the other executive officers. 

75 

Employment Agreements 

We did not have an employment agreement with
our Mr. Yongke Xue when he served as our CEO. On June 24, 2021, we entered into an Employment Agreement with Mr. Xue upon his appointment
as the president of the Company. The Employment Agreement has a term of one year and Mr. Xue receives compensation in the amount of 1
per year. 

We entered into an Employment Agreement with our
CEO, Mr. Shanchun Huang, on March 7, 2020 with a term of one year, which was renewed until March 7, 2024. Mr. Huang receives compensation
in the amount of 1 per year. 

On November 16, 2020, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Mr. Yang Liu as COO of the Company and the term of the agreement is for one (1) year, which has been renewed
until November 16, 2023. The agreement provides that Mr. Liu receives compensation in the amount of 1 per year. 

On December 1, 2020, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Mr. Ming Yi as CFO of the Company and the term of the agreement is for one (1) year, which has been renewed
until December 1, 2023. The agreement provides that Mr. Yi receives compensation in the amount of 4,000 per month before tax. 

Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

Our executive officers do not receive any compensation
from the Company for also serving as directors of the Company. The following table sets forth information concerning cash and non-cash
compensation paid by the Company to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yongke Xue (1) 
 12/31/2021 
 1 
 - 
 843,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 843,001 

12/31/2022 
 5,352 
 - 
 336,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 341,352 
 
 Shanchun Huang (2) 
 12/31/2021 
 1 
 - 
 1,405,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,405,001 

12/31/2022 
 1 
 - 
 336,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 336,001 
 
 Ming Yi (3) 
 12/31/2021 
 48,000 
 - 
 56,200 

104,200 

12/31/2022 
 48,000 
 - 
 42,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 90,000 
 
 Kai Xu (4) 
 12/31/2021 
 13,642 
 - 
 792,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 805,642 

12/31/2022 
 35,682 
 
 210,000 

223,642 
 
 Yang Liu (5) 
 12/31/2021 
 1 
 - 
 112,400 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 112,401 

12/31/2022 
 99,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 99,500 
 
 Zhi Yan(6) 
 12/31/2022 
 26,761 

26,761 
 
 Peng Lei(7) 
 12/31/2022 
 53,582 
 
 229,740 

283,322 

(1) 
 On March 4, 2020, Mr. Yongke Xue resigned as the CEO of
 the Company and on June 23, 2021, Mr. Xue was appointed as the president of the Company. The compensation committee of the Board
 granted him a stock award for 300,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2021 and a stock award
 for 800,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2022. 

(2) 
 On March 4, 2020, Mr. Shanchun Huang was appointed as the CEO of the
 Company. The compensation committee of the Board granted him a stock award for 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company under
 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2021 and a stock award for 800,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July
 12, 2022. 

76 

(3) On November 30, 2020, the Board of the Directors appointed Mr.
Ming Yi as the CFO of the Company. The compensation committee of the Board granted him a stock award for 20,000 shares of common stock
of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2021 and a stock award for 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020
Equity Plan on July 12, 2022. 

(4) On November 16, 2020, the Board of the Directors appointed Mr.
Yang Liu as the COO of the Company. The compensation committee of the Board granted him a stock award for 40,000 shares of common stock
of the Company under 2020 Omnibus Equity Plan on July 12, 2021. 

(5) On February 28, 2019, the board of directors appointed Mr. Kai
Xu as the COO of the Company. Since February 2020, Mr. Xu has no longer served as the COO of the Company and he continues to serve as
deputy general manager in a subsidiary of the Company and the vice president of blockchain division of the Company. The compensation
committee of the Board granted him a stock award for 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12,
2022. 

(6) On February 9, 2018, the board of directors appointed Mr. Zhi
Yan as the Chief Technology Officer CTO of the Company. Since February 2020, Mr. Yan has no longer served as the CTO
of the Company and he continues to serve as the general manager of a subsidiary of the Company. The compensation committee of the Board
granted him a stock award for 300,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2021. 

(7) The compensation committee of the Board granted him a stock
award for 547,000 shares of common stock of the Company under 2020 Equity Plan on July 12, 2022. 

The Company effected a 1 for 5 reverse stock split on February 1, 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

No outstanding equity awards held by named executive
officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth information concerning
cash and non-cash compensation paid by us to our directors during 2022. 

Name 
 Fees Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yongke Xue(1) 

Shanchun Huang 

Ying Li (2) 

Fuyou Li (3) 
 18,000 

18,000 
 
 Johnson Lau (4) 
 25,000 

25,000 
 
 Mingjie Zhao(5) 
 25,000 

25,000 

(1) 
 Yongke Xue resigned as a member and Chairman of the Board on June 23,
 2021. 

(2) 
 Ying Li was appointed as a director of the Board on June 23, 2021.

(3) 
 On May 8, 2015, the Board appointed Mr. Fuyou Li as a member of the
 Board of Directors and a member of both the audit committee and compensation committee. Before June 30, 2021, Mr. Li was entitled
 for 8,850 per annum as compensation for his service as director of the Company and a member of the audit committee and compensation
 committee. On June 23, 2021, the Board appointed Mr. Fuyou Li as the Chairman of the Board and his annual compensation increased
 to 18,000 after June 30, 2021. 

(4) 
 On December 23, 2014, the Board appointed Johnson Lau as a member of
 the Board of Directors of the Company and he currently serves as the Chairman of Audit Committee and a member of Compensation Committee
 of the Board. Mr. Lau is entitled for 25,000 per annum as compensation for his current services as a director of the Company and
 chair of the audit committee and a member of compensation committee. 

(5) 
 On July 15, 2020, the Board appointed Mr. Mingjie Zhao as a member
 of the Board and Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of Audit Committee of the Board. Mr. Zhao is entitled for 25,000
 per annum as compensation for his current services as a director of the Company and chair of the compensation committee and a member
 of audit committee. 

77 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table provides information concerning
beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of April 12, 2022, by: 

each shareholder or group of affiliated shareholders who
 owns more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock; 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; and all of our directors and 

executive officers as a group. 

The following table lists the number of shares and percentage of shares
beneficially owned based on 14,645,653 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of April 12, 2023. On February 1, 2023, the Company effected
a 1-for-5 Reverse Stock Split of the Company s authorized shares and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the SEC rules, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect to the securities held. Shares of Common
Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of April 12, 2023 or issuable upon conversion
of convertible securities which are currently convertible or convertible within 60 days of April 12, 2023 are deemed outstanding and beneficially
owned by the person holding those options, warrants or convertible securities for purposes of computing the number of shares and percentage
of shares beneficially owned by that person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned
by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons
or entities named have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by
them. 

Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes,
the principal address of each of the shareholders, named executive officers, and directors below is c/o Future FinTech Group, Inc., Americas
Tower, 1177 Avenue of The Americas, Suite 5100, New York, NY 10036. 

Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number 
 Percent 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Yongke Xue (1) 
 650,093 
 4.4 
 
 Shanchun Huang 
 260,000 
 1.8 
 
 Ming Yi 
 24,000 

Ying Li 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mingjie Zhao 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yang Liu 
 8,000 

Fuyou Li 
 - 
 - 
 
 Johnson Lau 
 - 
 - 
 
 All current directors and name executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 942,093 
 6.4 
 
 5 or Greater Shareholders 

Zeyao Xue (2) 
 2,602,525 
 17.8 
 
 All 5 or Greater Shareholders 
 2,602,525 
 17.8 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Consists of (i) 293,416 shares owned directly by Golden Dawn International
 Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, (ii) 36,677 shares owned directly by China Tianren Organic Food Holding. Each of Golden
 Dawn International Limited and China Tianren Organic Good Holding are indirect subsidiaries of V.X. Fortune Capital Limited, a British
 Virgin Islands company and Yongke Xue is the sole director of V.X. Fortune Capital Limited and (iii) 320,000 shares owned directly
 by Yongke Xue. 

(2) 
 Mr. Zeyao Xue, the son of Yongke Xue, holds all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of Fancylight Limited, which is the indirect owner of those shares held by Golden Dawn International Limited and China Tianren
Organic Food Holding. As such, Mr. Zeyao Xue shares beneficial ownership of 330,093 of his shares with Mr. Yongke Xue. The address of
Zeyao Xue is No.3, Xijuyuan Xiang, Lianhu District, Xi an City, Shaanxi Province, China. 

78 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

For details of related party transactions, see
Note 21 Related Party Transaction to our consolidated financial statements. 

Director Independence 

We currently have five directors. Three of our
current directors, Messrs. Johnson Lau, Fuyou Li and Mingjie Zhao, have been determined by our Board to be independent directors 
as defined under the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market, constituting a majority of independent directors of the Board as required by
the rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees that we paid
or accrued for audit and other services for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. All of the services described in the following fee table were
approved in conformity with the audit committee s pre-approval process. 

Audit Fees 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 280,000 
 250,000 
 
 Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 280,000 
 250,000 

Audit Fees 

The amounts set forth opposite Audit Fees 
above reflect the aggregate fees billed or billable by auditors Onestop Assurance PAC Onestop Assurance for the audit
of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of quarterly financial information and audit services that are normally provided
by the principal accountant in connection with regulatory filings or engagements. 

Onestop Assurance provided professional
services for the audit of our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 financial statements and 280,000 and
 250,000 was paid to Onestop Assurance for audit of our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 financial statements, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

The Board audit committee s policy is to
pre-approve all audit services and all non-audit services that our independent accountants are permitted to perform for us under applicable
federal securities regulations. The audit committee s policy utilizes an annual review and general pre-approval of certain categories
of specified services that may be provided by the independent accountant, up to pre-determined fee levels. Any proposed services not
qualifying as a pre-approved specified service, and pre-approved services exceeding the pre-determined fee levels, require further specific
pre-approval by the audit committee. The audit committee has delegated to the Chairman of the audit committee the authority to pre-approve
audit and non-audit services proposed to be performed by the independent accountants. Our audit committee was established in April 2008.
All the services provided by our auditors in fiscal years 2022 were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

79 

Changes in Registrant s Certified Accountant 

On April 25, 2021, the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of Future FinTech Group, Inc. (the Company dismissed BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers as
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. 

BF Borgers audit reports on the Company s
consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 did not contain an adverse
opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except
that the audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December
31, 2019 contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the Company s two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and in the subsequent interim period through April 24, 2021, there were (i) no disagreements
between the Company and BF Borgers on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope
or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF Borgers, would have caused BF Borgers to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports on the financial statements for such years, and (ii) no reportable
events as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On April 25, 2021, the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of the Company approved the engagement of Onestop Assurance PAC Onestop Assurance as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. The Audit Committee also approved Onestop Assurance to act as the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the Company s two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and through April 24, 2021, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted Onestop Assurance
regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit
opinion that might be rendered on the consolidated financial statements of the Company; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject
of a disagreement or a reportable event as described above; and there was neither a written report nor was oral advice provided to the
Company by Onestop Assurance that was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to an accounting, auditing
or financial reporting issue. 

The Company reported its change in auditors in
Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on April 29, 2021. 

80 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

The following documents are filed as part of or are included in this
Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements, filed
 as part of this Annual Report beginning on page F-1; and 

2. 
 Exhibits 

(b) EXHIBITS: 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2008 by and among Pacific Industry Holding Group Co., Ltd., Pacific, Terrence Leong, SkyPeople Fruit Juice, Inc., the Registrant, and the shareholders of Pacific. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2008. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated June 6, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 9, 2017. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of the Registrant s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2008. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Registrant s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2008. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated June 6, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 9, 2017. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Department of State of Florida on March 10, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 15, 2016. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Department of State of Florida on March 14, 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2018. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the Department of State of Florida on March 18, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 23, 2021. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with Department of State of Florida on January 26, 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 31, 2023. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 13, 2017. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Investors Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2020. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2020. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities of the Registrant registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

81 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Indemnification Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2011. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Indemnification Agreement Between SkyPeople Juice, Inc. and Yongke Xue. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 15, 2011 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2017. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 13, 2017. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Exclusive Operation and Use Rights Authorization Letter by Chain Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Exclusive Technology Consulting and Service Agreement by and between Chain Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. and Chain Cloud Mall E-commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Exclusive Purchase Option Agreement by and among Chain Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Chain Cloud Mall E-commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. Zeyao Xue and Kai Xu, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Equity Pledge Agreement by and among by and among Chain Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Chain Cloud Mall E-commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. and Zeyao Xue, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Equity Pledge Agreement by and among by and among Chain Cloud Mall Network and Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd., Chain Cloud Mall E-commerce (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. and Kai Xu, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Power of Attorney issued by Zeyao Xue, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Power of Attorney issued by Kai Xu, dated July 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 6, 2019. 

10.11 
 
 Share Transfer Agreement by and between SkyPeople Foods Holdings Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Future FinTech Group Inc. and New Continent International Co., Ltd. dated September 18, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2019. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Three Party Cooperation Agreement by GlobalKey SharedMall Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Future FinTech Group Inc., Fan Zhang and Caixia Wang, dated November 8, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 14, 2019. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Consulting Service Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Dragon Investment Holding Limited (Malta) dated January 25, 202. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 29, 2020 
 
 10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Shanchun Huang dated March 7, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 10, 2020. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, by between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Jing Chen dated May 21, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 22, 2020. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Qun Xie dated June 16, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 18, 2020. 
 
 10.17 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement by and among Future FinTech Group Inc., Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, Nice Talent Asset Management Limited and Joy Rich Enterprises Limited dated July 13, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 16, 2020. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Mingjie Zhao dated July 15, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 17, 2020. 

10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Yang Liu dated November 16, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 18, 2020. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Ming Yi dated December 1, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 2, 2020. 

82 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.21 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement by and among Future FinTech Group Inc., Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, Asiasens Investment Holding Pte. Ltd., and Asen Maneuvre Group Limited, dated December 18, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 18, 2020. 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 24, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2020 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement dated December 24, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2020. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 11, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement dated January 11, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 9, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2021. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement dated February 9, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2021. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement by and Among Future FinTech Group Inc., Future Supply Chain Co., Ltd., Sichuan Longma Electronic Technology Co. Ltd. and Sichuan Ticode Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. dated on February 26, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2021. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 2, 2021. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Agreement dated April 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 2, 2021. 
 
 10.31 
 
 First Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement by and among Future FinTech Group Inc., Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, Nice Talent Asset Management Limited and Joy Rich Enterprises Limited dated April 9, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2021 

10.32 
 
 Termination Agreement by and Among Future FinTech Group Inc., Future Supply Chain Co., Ltd., Sichuan Longma Electronic Technology Co. Ltd. and Sichuan Ticode Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. dated on May 31, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 2, 2021. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Mr. Yongke Xue dated on June 24, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 28, 2021 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and certain Purchasers, dated July 26, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 28, 2021. 
 
 10.35 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement by and between FTFT UK Limited and Rahim Shah dated September 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 7, 2021. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Collateral Deed by and between FTFT UK Limited and Rahim Shah dated September 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 7, 2021. 
 
 10.37 
 
 FTFT North American Ohio Cryptocurrency Mining Farm Cooperation Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and APC Service Ltd. dated December 13, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 17, 2021. 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Unrestricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Future FinTech Group Inc. and Grantees dated on July 12, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 15, 2022. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Share Transfer Agreement by and between Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited and Alpha Financial Limited dated February 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2023. 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from B F Borgers CPA PC, dated April 29, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 29, 2021. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Description of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Onestop Assurance PAC 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Registrant 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Registrant 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Registrant. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Registrant. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(c) 
 Other Financial Statement Schedules - None. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Future FinTech Group Inc. 

April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shanchun Huang 

Shanchun Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Shanchun Huang and Ming Yi, and each of them, their attorneys-in-fact and
agents, each with the power of substitution, for them in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form
10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Name
 and Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Shanchun Huang 

Shanchun
 Huang 
 
 April
 19, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer and Director) 

/s/
 Ming Yi 

Ming
 Yi 
 
 April
 19, 2023 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Fuyou Li 

Fuyou
 Li 
 
 April
 19, 2023 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors and Director 

/s/
 Mingjie Zhao 

Mingjie
 Zhao, Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

/s/
 Johnson Lau 

Johnson
 Lau, Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

/s/
 Ying Li 

Ying
 Li, Director 
 
 April
 19, 2023 

84 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of Future FinTech Group Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Future Fintech Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Future FinTech Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Uncertainty 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has negative operating cash flow that raise
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter 

The Company has significant transactions with
related parties, which are described in Note 21 to the financial statements. Transactions involving related party cannot be presumed to
be carried out on an arm s length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Legal
Proceedings Contingencies 

As
described in Note 29 to the financial statements, management disclosed legal proceedings that involved the Company s current subsidiaries,
disposed subsidiaries, or the Company s senior management where liability is not probable or the amount of the liability is not estimable,
or both. If management believes there is at least a reasonable probability that a liability has been incurred as of the date of the financial
statements, and the amount of loss is reasonably estimable, then an accrual for such amount to resolve or settle these claims will be
recorded in the financial statements. 

F- 2 

We
determined that the legal proceedings contingencies are a critical audit matter as there was significant judgment made by management
when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred and when estimating the loss or range of loss for each claim, which in turn led
to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s assessment of the
liabilities and disclosures related to legal proceedings contingencies. 

Our
audit of legal proceeding contingencies included, among others: 

reviewing
 management s control for assessing legal proceedings; 

obtaining
 and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with external legal counsel; 

reviewing
 public information regarding the Company s litigation cases; 

evaluating
 the reasonableness of management s assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and
 reasonably estimable; 

evaluating
 the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures related to legal proceedings. 

Valuation
of Goodwill 

As described in Note 9 to the financial statements,
goodwill mainly represented an amount of 13.98 million that arose from acquisition of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited and Khyber
Money Exchange Ltd. 

The
Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying
value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value, which requires management to make significant estimates
and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margin. In addition, the discounted cash flow model requires the
Company to select an appropriate weighted average cost of capital based on current market conditions as of December 31, 2022. A high
degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort were required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness
of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts. 

Our
audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital
used by management to estimate the fair value contributed by the reporting unit included the following, among others: 

Reviewing
 procedures of management s impairment assessment; 

evaluating
 the reasonableness of the valuation model, methodology, and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted
 average cost of capital including testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation of the weighted average cost
 of capital; 

examining original transaction related documents; 

evaluating the sufficiency of the Company s disclosures to goodwill. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. April 19, 2023 

F- 3 

FUTURE
FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

Short - term investments 

Accounts receivable, net 

Advances to suppliers and other current assets 

Loan receivables 

Other receivables, net 

Amount due from related parties 

Assets related to discontinued operations 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use assets - operation lease 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Advances from customers 

Dividend payables 
 -

Lease liability - operation lease 

Amounts due to related parties 

Deferred liabilities 

Short term loans 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long term debt 
 -

Lease liability - operation lease 
 
 -

Deferred liabilities 
 -

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 29) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Future FinTech Group, Inc, Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Future FinTech Group, Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interests 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FUTURE
FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years Ended, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost third party 

Cost related party 
 
 -

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

Selling expenses 

Provision (Recovery) of doubtful debts 

Impairment loss 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expenses) income 

Interest income 

Interest expenses 

Other income, net 

Total other income, net 

Loss from Continuing Operations before Income Tax 

Income tax provision 

Deferred income tax 
 
 -

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Discontinued Operations (Note 27) 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 

Net Loss 

Less: Net Loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Future Fintech Group Inc. 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Loss from continued operations 

Foreign currency translation continued operations 

Comprehensive income (loss) - continued operation 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Foreign currency translation - discontinued operation 
 -

Comprehensive loss - discontinued operation 

Comprehensive Loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO FUTURE FINTECH GROUP INC. STOCKHOLDERS 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic loss per share from continued operation 

Basic loss per share from discontinued operation 
 -

Diluted Earnings (loss) per share: 

Diluted loss per share 

Diluted loss per share from discontinued operation 
 -

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FUTURE
FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulative 

Additional 

Other 
 Non- 

Common Stock 
 paid-in 
 Statutory 
 Accumulated 
 comprehensive 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 reserve 
 Deficits 
 income 
 interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

-

Issuance of common stocks-cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stocks-non cash 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based payments-omnibus equity plan 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss from continued operation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Dividend to shareholders 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Share-based payments-service 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Statutory reserve 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Non-controlling interests on acquisition of subsidiary 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Disposition of Discontinued operation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss from continued operation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Statutory reserve 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based payments-service 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based payments-omnibus equity plan 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Disposition of Discontinued operation 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2022 

All shares and per share data have been retroactively restated to reflect
reverse stock split effected on February 1, 2023. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

FUTURE
FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

2022 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued operation 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Provision (Recovery) of doubtful debts 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of intangible 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of short term investment 
 
 -

Share-based payments 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Advances to suppliers and other current assets 

Notes payable 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Advances from customers 

Proceeds from amounts due from related parties, net 

Repayment of amounts due to related parties, net 

Taxes payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities continued operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities discontinued operations 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Additions to loan receivables 

Repayment of loan receivable 
 
 -

Payment for available-for-sale securities 
 -

Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash 

Disposal of a subsidiary, net of cash 
 -

Purchase of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities from continued operations 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 -

Proceeds from loan payable 
 -

Repayment of loans 
 
 -

Payment of dividends to the non-controlling interest 
 
 -

Repayment of convertible note payables 
 -

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Effect of change in exchange rate 

NET (DECREASE INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash at end of year 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF SIGNIFICANT NON-CASH TRANSACTION 

Issuance of common stocks (Note 26) 
 -

Deferred liabilities (Note 19) 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Income taxes paid 

Interest paid 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

FUTURE
FINTECH GROUP INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

equity interest of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited which mainly provides assets and wealth
management services. 

F- 8 

equity
interest of KAZAN S.A., a company incorporated in Republic of Paraguay for . The Company owns and FTFT HK owns of Kazan S.A.,
respectively. Kazan S.A. has no operation before the acquisition. The Company plans to develop bitcoin and other cryptocurrency mining
and related services in Paraguay. The Company has changed its name from KAZAN S.A to FTFT Paraguay S.A. on July 28, 2022. 

equity interest of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., a company incorporated for million. It has a global remittance
platform. The Company has changed its name from Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., to FTFT finance UK Limited on October 11, 2022. 

shares to 
shares. 

F- 9 

million and generated negative operating cash flows of million
for year ended December 31, 2022 and may continue to incur operating losses and generate negative operating cash flows as the Company
implements its future business plan. These factors raise substantial doubts about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company has raised funds through issuance of common stock. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

() 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations attributable to Future Fintech Group, Inc. 

() 

- 

Basic EPS: 

Loss to common stockholders from continued operations 

() 

() 
 
 Loss available to common stockholders from discontinued operations 

() 

- 

Dilutive EPS: 

Warrants 

- 

- 

Diluted loss per share is calculated by taking net loss, divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share equals basic net loss per share because the effect of securities convertible into common shares is anti-dilutive from continued operations attributable to Future Fintech Group, Inc. 

() 

() 
 
 Diluted loss per share is calculated by taking net loss, divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding from discontinued operations 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Loss from discontinued operations attributable to Future Fintech Group, Inc. 

() 

() 

Basic EPS: 

Loss to common stockholders from continuing operations 

() 

() 
 
 Loss available to common stockholders from discontinued operations 

() 

() 

Dilutive EPS: 

Warrants 

- 

- 

Diluted loss per share is calculated by taking net loss, divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share equals basic net loss per share because the effect of securities convertible into common shares is anti-dilutive from continued operations attributable to Future Fintech Group, Inc. 

() 

136,458,81 

() 
 
 Diluted loss per share is calculated by taking net loss, divided by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding from discontinued operations 

() 

136,458,81 

() 

F- 12 

, in the HK are only insured by the government up to HKD500,000, in the United Kingdom are only insured
by the government up to GBP , in the United States of America are only insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to
USD250,000, and are consequently exposed to risk of loss. 

and ) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There is no accounts receivable
balance overdue for over 90 days as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

F- 13 

to . Property, plant and
equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives as follows: 

years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Motor vehicles 
 years 

- , which is
determined by using the time period that an intangible is estimated to contribute directly or indirectly to a Company s future cash
flows. 

F- 14 

F- 15 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021. 

million and million, respectively. Due
to fluctuations of the quoted shares included in its investment portfolios, the Company recognized an impairment to the investment portfolio
of million. 

F- 16 

of after-tax profit until the aggregated appropriations reach of the registered capital (as determined under accounting principles
generally accepted in the PRC PRC GAAP at each year-end). For foreign invested enterprises and joint ventures in the
PRC, annual appropriations should be made to the reserve fund . For foreign invested enterprises, the annual appropriation
for the reserve fund cannot be less than of after-tax profits until the aggregated appropriations reach of the
registered capital (as determined under PRC GAAP at each year-end). 

years and may be extended unilaterally by CCM Tianjin with CCM Tianjin s written confirmation prior to the expiration date. E-commerce Tianjin cannot terminate the agreement early unless CCM Tianjin commits fraud, gross negligence or illegal acts, or becomes bankrupt or winds up. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

Other receivables 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Net assets 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Advances from customers 

Amount Due to Related Party 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Gross profit 

Net loss 

Asset management service 

Others 
 
 -

Total accounts receivable, net 

F- 19 

Debtor B 

Debtor C 

Total accounts receivable, net 

million. 

equity interest of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.,
a company incorporated for . Buyer deposited for cash balance expected to be left in the bank account
of Khyber upon the closing (subject to refund to the Buyer upon the actual amount million in Khyber s account at closing)
to Buyer s solicitors to be held by Buyer s solicitors in their client account upon the final closing of the acquisition.
As of January 9, 2023, the Company has received refund million. 

million and receivables from resale of electricity million. 

million deposit paid and prepayments. 

million. On September 1, 2021, FTFT UK Limited, a company organized under the laws of United Kingdom and a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with Rahim Shah, a resident of United
Kingdom Seller ). Under this agreement, FTFT UK Limited (the Buyer agreed to acquire of the issued and
outstanding shares (the Sale Shares of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd. Khyber ), a company incorporated in England
and Wales from the Seller for a total of Euros Purchase Price ). Buyer deposited Euros 
million) for the Purchase Price and million) for cash balance expected to be left in the bank account of Khyber
upon the closing (subject to refund to the Buyer upon the actual amount in Khyber s account at closing) to Buyer s solicitors
to be held by Buyer s solicitors in their client account upon the final closing of the acquisition. 

million deposit
paid and prepayments. 

million, which was from a third party. 

million (RMB million) to the third party at the annual interest rate of from September 8, 2021 to
September 6, 2023. 

million to the third party at the annual interest rate of from March
10, 2022 to September 9, 2023. To strengthen the liquidity, the Company negotiated with the borrower to early settle part of the loan.
As of April 17, 2023, the Company has received repayment million. 

million to the third party at the
annual interest rate of from May 31, 2022 to May 30,2023. To strengthen the liquidity, the Company negotiated with the borrower to
early settle part of the loan. As of April 17, 2023, the Company has received repayment million. 

million to the third party at the annual interest rate of from December 26, 2022 to March 26, 2023. As
of April 17, 2023, the Company has received repayment million. 

million (RMB million)
to the third party at the annual interest rate of from July 15, 2022 to July 14, 2023, guarantee by Junde Chen. To strengthen the liquidity,
the Company negotiated with the borrower to early settle part of the loan. As of April 17, 2023, the Company has received repayment 
million (RMB million). The amount of million (RMB 
million) will be repaid within 3 months. 

F- 20 

million. On September 6, 2021, Future Private Equity Fund
Management (Hainan) Co., Ltd. invested million
(RMB to entrust Shanghai Yuli Enterprise Management Consulting Firm to invest in various types of investment portfolios.
According to the market value, the Company s balance of the short - term investments was million on December 31, 2022.
Due to fluctuations of the quoted shares included in its investment portfolios, the Company recognized an impairment to the
investment portfolio of million. 

Prepaid expenses 

Others 

Total 

million that arose from acquisition of Nice Talent
Asset Management Limited Nice Talent in 2021 and Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., in 2022. 

of the issued and outstanding shares of Nice Talent from Joy Rich Enterprises Limited for HK (the Purchase Price which shall be paid in the shares of common stock of the Company (the Company Shares ). of the Purchase Price 
million) was paid in pre reverse stock split shares of
common stock of the Company on August 4, 2021. of the Purchase Price 7.39 million) in each installment shall be paid in shares
of common stock of the Company upon the completion of the audited reports for Nice Talent for each of the years ended on December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

equity interest of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.,
a company incorporated for million). 

million of impairment loss in fiscal year
2022 related with goodwill mainly arose from acquisition of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited and FTFT Finance UK Limited (formerly
known as Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.). Goodwill impairment test a s of December 31, 2022 using compare the carrying amount of the reporting
unit (including goodwill) with its fair value. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, compare the implied fair value of the reporting
unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment
loss should be recognized. 

of the issued and outstanding shares
of Nice Talent from Joy Rich Enterprises Limited for HK (the Purchase Price which shall be paid in the shares
of common stock of the Company (the Company Shares ). of the Purchase Price million) was paid in shares of common
stock of the Company on August 4, 2021. of the Purchase Price million) in each installment shall be paid in shares of common
stock of the Company upon the completion of the audited reports for Nice Talent for each of the years ended on December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 21 

Other receivables 

Other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Amount due from related party 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Less: non-controlling interests 

Add: goodwill 

Total purchase price for acquisition net of of cash 

in net sales and US in net gain of Nice Talent were included in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2021. 

equity interest of Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.,
a company incorporated for million). The Company has changed its name from Khyber Money Exchange Ltd., to FTFT Finance
UK Limited on October 11, 2022. 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Net identifiable assets acquired 

Add: goodwill 

Total purchase price for acquisition net of of cash 

in net loss of FTFT Finance UK Limited were included in the consolidated financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022. Had the acquisition been completed from beginning of the current year, the revenue and the
net loss of the Company would have been US million and US million. 

F- 22 

million. 

or less. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted
average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate were years and , respectively. 

From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 

From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 

From January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026 

From January 1, 2027 to March 31, 2027 

Total 

Less: amounts representing interest 

Present Value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: Current obligations 

Long term obligations 

million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Vehicle 

Building 

Subtotal 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

) 

() 
 
 Construction
 in progress 

Impairment 

) 

() 
 
 Total 

and respectively.
Depreciation expense included in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

F- 23 

System and software 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Less: impairment 

Total 

and , respectively.
Amortization expense included in cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

From January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 

From January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 

From January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2026 

From January 1, 2027 to December 31, 2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

FUCE Future Supply Chain (Xi an) Co., Ltd. 

FUCE Future Supply Chain (Xi an) Co., Ltd. 

FUCE Future Supply Chain (Xi an) Co., Ltd. 

Total 

per day, without the need to notify the
applicant and sign another loan contract. As of December 31, 2022, there was no such event of default. 

million, which consisted of the loan payable of million to Shaanxi Entai Bio-Technology
Co., Ltd. 

million was interest free and has no assets pledged for this loan from August
1, 2019 to August 1, 2024. On September 5, 2022, the Company pay
off to Shaanxi Entai Bio-Technology Co., Ltd. 

F- 24 

-

Others 

Total 

Wages and employee reimbursement 

Suppliers 

Accruals 

Total 

Addition 
 -
 
 -

Payment 
 -

Conversion 
 -
 
 -

Balance 
 -
 
 -

million that arose from the payment for
the remaining of the Purchase Price of the acquisition of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited Nice Talent ). of
the Purchase Price in each installment shall be paid in shares of common stock of the Company upon the completion of the audited
reports for Nice Talent for the years ended on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 25 

million. Nice Talent Asset Management Limited declared dividend for HKD per ordinary share, in a sum of HKD to its shareholders. of the dividend were to Future FinTech (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of 

Zhi Yan 

Total 

Ming Yi 

Jing Chen 

Ola Johannes Lind 

Wong Tai Kue 

Total 

JKNDC Limited 

Alpha Yield Limited 

Nice Talent Partner Limited 

NDC 

Ningbo Tielin Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd 

to six key management personnel, and a total of had been either repaid or classified as business
expenses. 

to the Company, and the Company repaid to them. 

F- 26 

Jing Chen 

Shaanxi Fu Chen Venture Capital Management Co. Ltd. Shaanxi Fu Chen 

Future Supply Chain Co., Ltd. 

Reits (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd 

Shaanxi Chunlv Ecological Agriculture Co. Ltd. 

Ming Yi 

Ola Johannes Lind 

Kai Xu 

Shaanxi Fuju Mining Co., Ltd 

Total 

F- 27 

Bin Wu 

Total 

Loan from 

Shanchun Huang 

Zhi, Yan 

during 2021. 

in 2022 and 2021. No provisions for income
taxes have been made, as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had current income tax expenses of and , respectively. 

F- 28 

, exceeding HKD2 million is in Hong
Kong. 

in United Kingdom. 

. 

Deferred tax - book-tax difference 
 
 -

The provision for income taxes 

Notional tax on profit before CIT and Hong Kong 

Computed expected tax expense 

Others, primarily the difference in tax rates 

Deferred tax assets losses not recognized 

Total 

million of impairment
loss in the year ended 2022 relating to the short - term investments million, impairment of goodwill million and impairment
of intangible assets million. 

million. 

million (RMB to entrust Shanghai Yuli Enterprise
Management Consulting Firm to invest in various types of investment portfolios. The Company may still suffer significant impairment
loss or downward adjustments of our investments in the future, due to the potential worsening global economic conditions and the
recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the continuing low
market price of shares caused the Company to recognize a fair-value loss in 2022. According to the market value, the Company s
balance of the short - term investments was million
on December 31, 2022. 

F- 29 

million of impairment loss in fiscal year
2022 related with goodwill mainly arose from acquisition of Nice Talent Asset Management Limited and FTFT Finance UK Limited (formerly
known as Khyber Money Exchange Ltd.). Goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2022 using compare the carrying amount of the reporting
unit (including goodwill) with its fair value. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, compare the implied fair value of the reporting
unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment
loss should be recognized. 

Government subsidies 

Exchange gains 
 
 -

Other expenses (income) 

Total other income, net 

of the Company s authorized shares of common stock from shares to 
shares. 

million. The Company shall issue a total of
 restricted shares of the Company Common Stock (the Consultant Shares at a price of per share (the closing
price of the Agreement date), as the payment for the above mentioned consultant fee to the Consultant. If the second
and/or third release of the shares mentioned above does not occur, such shares shall be returned to the Company as treasury shares. The
shares contemplated in the Agreement were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded stock related compensation of 
million, based on the stock closing price of on the Agreement date, for the shares which were released to the Consultant
immediately upon issuance. On January 25, 2021, the Company recorded stock related compensation of million, based on the stock closing
price of on the date of the Agreement, for the shares which were released to the Consultant on January 25, 2021. On January
25, 2022, the Company released the final shares to the Consultant and the Company has recognized stock related compensation
of million for the shares. The share numbers in this Note 25 are pre-reverse stock split effected on February 1, 2023. 

and of retained earnings for their
statutory reserves, respectively. 

F- 30 

of their net income to the statutory
reserve prior to payment of any dividends, unless the reserve has reached of their respective registered capital. Furthermore,
registered share capital and capital reserve accounts are also restricted from distribution. As a result of the restrictions
described above and elsewhere under PRC laws and regulations, the Company s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are
restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends. The restriction
amounted to (RMB as of December 31, 2022.
Except for the above or disclosed elsewhere, there is no other restriction on the use of proceeds generated by the Company s
subsidiaries to satisfy any obligations of the Company. 

shares of common stock of the Company, par value (the Shares ), pursuant to the Company s
2020 Omnibus Equity Plan, to certain officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Grantees ), including:
 shares to Shanchun Huang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company; shares to Yongke Xue, President of the Company; 
shares to Ming Yi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, shares to Peng Lei, general manager of a subsidiary of the Company,
 shares to Pang Dong, general manager of a subsidiary the Company, and shares to Kai Xu, Deputy General Manager of a subsidiary
of the Company and vice president of blockchain division of the Company (collectively, the Grants ). The Grants vested immediately
on the Grant Date and each of the Grantees also entered into an Unrestricted Stock Award Agreement with the Company on July 12, 2022.
As the closing price of the Company stock was on July 12, 2022, the Company recorded an expense of million in the third quarter
of fiscal year 2022. As of the date of this report, the Shares have been issued to the Grantees. The share numbers in this Note 25 are
pre-reverse stock split effected on February 1, 2023. 

units, each consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to purchase 1 share of our Common Stock,
at a purchase price of per unit, for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of , before deducting fees to the placement
agent and other offering expenses payable by the Company. On December 29, 2020, the Company issued Units consisting of an aggregate of
 shares of our Common Stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock at an exercise
price of per share (the Investors Warrants ). The Investors Warrants have a term of and are
exercisable by the holder at any time after the date of issuance. In connection with the offering, the Company also issued placement agent
a warrant to purchase shares of our Common Stock (the Placement Agent Warrant on substantially the same terms
as the Investors Warrants, except that the Placement Agent Warrant has an exercise price of per share and are not exercisable
until June 24, 2021. 

,
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses, and were received on December 29, 2020.
The Company issued shares of its Common Stock to the purchaser on December 29, 2020. During the three months ended March 31,
2021, the Investors Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock were fully exercised by the investors. 

share of its common stock, par value per share
at a purchase price of per share, for aggregate net proceeds to the Company of , after deducting fees to the placement
agent and other offering expenses payable by the Company. On January 13, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant
to this Agreement. 

F- 31 

shares of its common stock, par value per share at
a purchase price of per share, for aggregate net proceeds to the Company of , after deducting fees to the placement agent
and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company issued shares of common stock to the purchasers on February
11, 2021. 

shares of its common stock, par value 
per share at a purchase price of per share, for aggregate net proceeds to the Company of approximately , after deducting
fees to the placement agent and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company issued shares of common stock to
the purchasers on April 5, 2021. 

During the year ended December 30, 2021, the holders of the Warrants purchased
an aggregate of shares of common stock of the Company for , of which shares of common stock were issued based
upon cashless exercises. 

F- 32 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 -
 
 -

LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATION 

Total assets related to discontinued operations 
 -

Total liabilities related to discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

F- 33 

Inter-segment loss 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Revenue-third party 

Segment gross profit 

Inter-segment loss 
 -

-
 
 -

Revenue from external customers 

Segment gross profit 

Asset management service 	 

Others 	 

Corporate and Unallocated 	 

Total operating expenses and other expense (income) 

Loss from Continuing Operations before Income Tax 

Asset management service 	 

Others 

Corporate and Unallocated 	 

Total assets 

in damages and attorneys fees. 

F- 34 

F- 35 

customers accounted for 
and of the Company s total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, customers accounted for , and
 of the Company s total revenues. 

vendors accounted for 
and of the Company s total purchases. For the year ended December 31, 2021, vendors accounted for , and
 of the Company s total purchases. 

of
the Company s authorized shares of common stock from shares to shares, accompanied by a corresponding decrease
in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). The common stock will continue
to be par value. The Company rounds up to the next full share of the Company s shares of common stock any fractional shares
that result from the Reverse Stock Split and no fractional shares will be issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split and no cash
or other consideration will be paid in connection with any fractional shares that would otherwise have resulted from the Reverse Stock
Split. No changes are being made to the number of preferred shares of the Company which remain as preferred shares as authorized
but not issued. The amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company takes effect at 1:00am Eastern Time on February 1, 2023. 

F-35 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_futurefin.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE REGISTRANT REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Future FinTech Group
Inc. (the Company , we , us or our has one class of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act which consists of common stock, 0.001
par value per share (the Common Stock ). The following is a summary of our capital stock and certain provisions of our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Second
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended Articles of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), and applicable provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act (the FCBA ). 

Our authorized capital
stock consists of 60,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001
per share. Currently, we have no other authorized classes of stock as of April 12, 2023. 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON
STOCK 

As of April 12, 2023,
there were 14,645,653 shares of our Common Stock outstanding, held by approximately 23 stockholders of record. 

Our Common Stock is currently
traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol FTFT . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is TranShare
Securities Transfer and Registrar. 

Holders of shares of our Common Stock are entitled
to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders. Except if a greater plurality is required by the express
requirements of law or our Articles of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of voting stock represented at
a meeting of shareholders at which there shall be a quorum present shall be required to authorize all matters to be voted upon by our
shareholders. According to our charter documents, holders of our Common Stock do not have preemptive rights and are not entitled
to cumulative voting rights. There are no conversion or redemption rights or sinking funds provided for our shareholders. Shares
of our Common Stock share ratably in dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors in its discretion
from funds legally available for distribution as dividends. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share pro rata all assets remaining after payment in full of all liabilities. All
of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 

Anti-Takeover Effects
of Certain Provisions of Florida Law 

As a Florida corporation, we are also subject
to certain provisions of the FCBA that have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination.
Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws also contain other provisions which could have anti-takeover effects. These provisions include,
without limitation, the authority of our Board of Directors to issue additional shares of preferred stock and to fix the relative rights
and preferences of the preferred stock without the need for any shareholder vote or approval, as discussed above, and advance notice procedures
to be complied with by our shareholders in order to make shareholder proposals or nominate directors. 

In addition, the FBCA prohibits the voting of
shares in an issuing public corporation that are acquired in a control share acquisition unless the board
of directors of the corporation approves the control share acquisition before the acquisition or the holders of a majority of the corporation s
voting shares (excluding shares held by officers of the corporation, inside directors of the corporation or the acquiring party) approve
the granting of voting rights as to the shares acquired in the control share acquisition. An issuing public corporation 
is a corporation that has (i) 100 or more shareholders, (ii) its principal place of business, its principal office or substantial
assets in Florida and (iii) either more than 10 of its shareholders residing in Florida, more than 10 of its shares owned by Florida
residents or 1,000 shareholders residing in Florida Control shares are defined in the FBCA as shares acquired by a person,
either directly or indirectly, that when added to all other shares of the issuing corporation owned by that person, would entitle that
person to exercise, either directly or indirectly, voting power in the election of directors within any of the following ranges: (i) 20 
or more but less than 33 of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; (ii) 33 or more but less than a majority
of all voting power of the corporation s voting securities; or (iii) a majority or more of all of the voting power of the corporation s
voting securities. These provisions do not apply to shares acquired under, among other things, an agreement or plan of merger or share
exchange effected in compliance with the relevant provisions of the FBCA and to which the corporation is a party, or an acquisition of
shares previously approved by the board of directors of the corporation. 

The FBCA also prohibits a publicly held Florida
corporation from engaging in a number of mergers, consolidations, dispositions of assets, or other business combinations or extraordinary
corporate transactions (each such transaction, an affiliated transaction with an interested shareholder for
a period of three years following the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder unless: (x) prior to such shareholder
becoming an interested shareholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the affiliated transaction or the transaction
which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder; (y) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder
becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 percent of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation
(other than shares held by directors who are also officers and certain employee benefit plans); or (z) the affiliated transaction is approved
by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of shareholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative
vote of at least two thirds of the outstanding voting shares which are not owned by the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder 
is any person who, together with such person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns 15 or more of the outstanding
voting stock of a corporation. The above approval is not required if (i) a majority of the disinterested directors has approved the
affiliated transaction, (ii) the corporation has not had more than 300 shareholders of record at any time during the three years
preceding the date of the transaction s announcement, (iii) the interested shareholder has been the beneficial owner of at
least 80 of the corporation s outstanding voting shares for at least three years preceding the date of the transaction s
announcement, (iv) the interested shareholder is the beneficial owner of at least 90 of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation,
exclusive of shares acquired directly from the corporation in a transaction not approved by a majority of the disinterested directors,
(v) the corporation is an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or (vi) the consideration
that holders of each class or series of stock of the corporation will receive in the affiliated transaction meets certain minimum levels
determined by a formula under the FBCA. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_futurefin.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Principal Subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entity of the Company as of December 31, 2022 

Name of Entity 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization 

FT Commercial Management Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Future Fintech (Hong Kong) Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Fuce Future Supply Chain (Xi an) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 DigiPay Fintech Ltd. 
 British Virgin Island 
 
 QR (HK) Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 DCON DigiPay Limited 
 Japan 
 
 GlobalKey Shared Mall Limited 
 Cayman Island 
 
 Cloud Chain Network And Technology (Tianjin) Co., Limited 
 PRC 
 
 Cloud Chain E-Commerce (Tianjin) Co. Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Future Commercial Group Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Tianjin Future Private Equity Fund Management Partnership (Ltd Partnership) 
 PRC 
 
 FTFT UK Limited 
 UK 
 
 Future Fintech Labs Inc. 
 USA 
 
 Future Fintech Digital Capital Management, LLC 
 USA 
 
 Future Fintech Digital Number One GP, LLC 
 USA 
 
 FTFT SuperComputing Inc. 
 USA 
 
 FTFT Digital Number One, Ltd. 
 Cayman 
 
 Future Fintech Digital Number One US, LP 
 USA 
 
 Future Fintech Digital Number One Offshore, LLC 
 Cayman 
 
 FTFT Capital Investment LLC. 
 UAE 
 
 Nice Talent Asset Management Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Future Supply Chain (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Future Big Data (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 Future Private Equity Fund management (Hainan) Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 
 FTFT Paraguay S.A. 
 Paraguay 
 
 FTFT Finance UK Limited 
 UK 

Variable
Interest Entity 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_futurefin.htm
 CONSENT OF ONESTOP ASSURANCE PAC

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (File No. 333-218276), Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-258094, 333-224686 and 333-206353) and Forms
S-8 (File Nos. 333-257742, 333-249362, 333-228912, 333-216201 and 333-206360) of Future FinTech Group Inc. (the Company of our report dated April 19, 2023, relating to the Company s consolidated financial statements which appears in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Onestop Assurance PAC 

Onestop Assurance PAC 

Singapore 

April 19, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_futurefin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION FOR FORM 10-K (CEO)
CERTIFICATION 

I, Shanchun Huang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Future FinTech Group Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Shanchun Huang 

Shanchun Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_futurefin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION FOR FORM 10-K (CFO)
CERTIFICATION 

I, Ming Yi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Future FinTech Group Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ming Yi 

Ming Yi 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_futurefin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION (CEO)
1350 

FUTURE FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Future FinTech Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shanchun Huang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 /s/ Shanchun Huang 

Shanchun Huang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_futurefin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION (CFO)
1350 

FUTURE FINTECH GROUP INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Future FinTech Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ming Yi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 19, 2023 
 /s/ Ming Yi 

Ming Yi 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ftft-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 ftft-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ftft-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ftft-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ftft-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

