<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230523_10-K_edgar_data_1448056_0001448056-23-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12337971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>355999</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2308478</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3773860</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3022389</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2690236</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001448056-23-000033.hdr.sgml : 20230523
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230523161943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001448056-23-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230523
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230523

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW RELIC, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001448056
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				262017431
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36766
		FILM NUMBER:		23949123

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		188 SPEAR STREET, STE. 1000
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-777-7600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		188 SPEAR STREET, STE. 1000
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW RELIC, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW RELIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001448056-23-000033.txt : 20230523

10-K
 1
 newr-20230331.htm
 10-K

newr-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 __________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Small reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on September 30, 2022, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on September 30, 2022 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was approximately billion. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock (as determined based on public filings) have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 
 As of May 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 Item 2. Properties 
 38 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 41 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 93 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 95 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 96 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 
 Exhibit Index 
 98 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 99 
 Signatures 
 100 
 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the words New Relic, we, Company, us, and our refer to New Relic, Inc. and our subsidiaries. New Relic, the New Relic logo, and other trademarks or service marks of New Relic that may appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are our property. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains additional trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks, or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies, and all such third-party trade names, trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as may, will, should, would, shall, might, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, target, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 our future financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, gross margin, operating expenses, ability to generate positive cash flow, and ability to achieve and maintain GAAP (as defined below) and non-GAAP profitability; 
 our key operating metrics; 
 use and limitations of non-GAAP financial measures; 
 the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and liquidity needs; 
 worldwide economic conditions, including inflation, increases in interest rates, and volatility in foreign exchange rates, and their impact on spending; 
 the impact of natural disasters and actual or threatened public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our ability to attract and retain customers to use our products, to optimize the pricing for our products, to expand our sales to our customers, and to convince our existing customers to remain on our platform and increase their spend with us; 
 our product and pricing strategies and their anticipated impacts on our business and results of operations; 
 our growth strategy, including increasing usage within our installed base, addition of new customers, penetration of international markets, and expansion of our platform and capabilities; 
 the evolution of technologies affecting our products and markets; 
 our ability to innovate and provide a superior user experience and our intentions and strategy with respect thereto; 
 the attraction and retention of key personnel; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property rights; and 
 our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business, including privacy and data security regulations. 
 We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

SELECTED RISKS AFFECTING OUR BUSINESS 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk because we are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, as more fully described below. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We have a limited operating history with our current business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. 
 We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices and pricing strategies for our products. 
 We have a history of losses and our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability or maintain positive operating cash flows. 
 Weakened global economic conditions, including market volatility, a downturn or recession, rising inflation and interest rates, and the economic and other impacts of geopolitical conflicts, may harm our industry, business, and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates may harm our business and results of operations. 
 If we are not able to manage our growth and expansion, or if our business does not grow as we expect, our operating results may suffer. 
 Our business depends on our customers remaining on our platform and increasing their spend with us. 
 If we are not able to develop enhancements to our products, increase adoption and usage of our products, and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance, our business could be harmed. 
 If customers do not expand their use of our products beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our products may become less competitive. 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our ongoing and planned expenditures on cloud hosting providers and expenditures on transitioning our services and customers from our data center hosting facilities to public cloud providers are expensive and complex, may result in a negative impact on our cash flows, and may negatively impact our financial results. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our reliance upon open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
 If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 
 If we cannot continue to maintain and develop our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success. 
 Our failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or future laws, regulations, contracts, self-regulatory schemes, standards, and other obligations related to data privacy and security (including security incidents) could harm our business. Compliance or the actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could increase the costs of our products, limit their use or adoption, and otherwise negatively affect our operating results and business. 
 The current macro-economic environment coupled with our operating performance may decrease our ability to access liquidity either through capital markets or lending institutions. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 New Relic is a leading all-in-one observability platform that enables our customers to plan, build, deploy, and operate their critical digital infrastructure by harnessing the power of data. Our observability platform combines metrics, events, logs, traces, and other telemetry data with our proprietary stack of analytical tools to rapidly generate actionable, fact-based insights. As of , 2023 , our platform collects more than 3.0 exabytes of data annually, responds to over 330 billion web requests daily, and executes more than 4,000 queries each second. Our customers use our platform to improve uptime, reliability, and operational efficiency, in order to optimize the digital experience for their customers and within their organizations. We serve more than 16,000 paid customers including some of the world s largest corporations and leading brands, such as Verizon, Adobe, Paramount, Domino s, Mercado Libre, adidas Runtastic, American Red Cross, Ryanair, H R Block, TopGolf, and World Fuel Services . 
 Our goal is to enable our customers to leverage the power of data-driven analytics to monitor, debug, and improve the performance and security of all their digital infrastructure. In order to achieve this goal: 
 We serve all engineers . We believe today s organizations need to make observability a continuous practice for all of their engineers in order to achieve their goals. Our platform is not only geared toward IT operations professionals, but it also serves the full spectrum of application developers, mobile developers, site reliability engineers, and network and other engineers. 
 We support the entire software lifecycle . Engineers can use our platform to plan, build, and test software before it goes into production and throughout the software lifecycle. Our ability to ship features and capabilities for the entire software lifecycle increases customer engagement with our platform and differentiates our solutions from other tools in the marketplace that are focused solely on production troubleshooting. 
 We deliver comprehensive observability in a unified way . Unlike other products, the New Relic platform is not a simple bundle of products with disjointed experiences and disparate pricing models clumsily aggregated into a user interface. Our platform ingests significant amounts of telemetry data from a wide array of sources and modalities - including metrics, events, logs, and traces - and seamlessly delivers them to our users through an intuitive and unified, Artificial Intelligence (AI)-enabled interface. 
 We have a longstanding history of innovation within our industry. We began cloud based Application Performance Monitoring, or APM, for application developers in 2008. Since then we have expanded far beyond APM to include dozens of other product capabilities. Over the last few years we have reimagined observability by re-architecting our technology to consolidate the capabilities that have historically been served by siloed products or tools, into a single, comprehensive interoperable platform, which we call our all-in-one observability platform. The advent of our all-in-one platform has been a critical catalyst for our growth and development, enabling nine major product launches and enhancements in the last fiscal year alone, including SAP monitoring, change tracking, vulnerability management, and our Azure service. 
 While most observability software is targeted toward a small subset of developers that focuses on the operate phase, we believe that telemetry data is also critical to the rest of the software lifecycle including the planning, building, and deployment phases. We target the broader software developer productivity market, helping them realize the value of telemetry data that is wasted if unharnessed. Our all-in-one observability platform helps remove data, tool, and team silos that plague organizations, empowering them to better understand their entire digital infrastructures in order to improve their speed of innovation, operational excellence, system reliability, and cost management. We primarily utilize a consumption-based model that directly links the value our customers receive from utilizing our platform with what they pay for it, in a manner that is transparent and intuitive for them. 
 We have been named a leader in the Gartner APM and Observability Magic Quadrant for each of the last ten years. During the fiscal year 2023, Gartner ranked us among the top 3 vendors (of 19) based on completeness of vision and ability to execute, and in fiscal year 2022 we won the Customers Choice in the Gartner Peer Insights Voice of the Customer for Application Performance Monitoring . In March 2023, we were also recognized as the innovation leader in GigaOm s Radar for Cloud Observability report of the 21 vendors they evaluated. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

The New Relic Platform 
 The New Relic solution is comprised of: 
 Hyper-scalable data platform . At the core of our solution is a secure, hyper-scalable, cloud-based data platform, which serves as the single source of truth for all of the operational data our customers make available. The platform rapidly ingests large volumes of telemetry data at scale from a wide array of sources and methodically and cohesively analyzes this data. 
 Full-stack monitoring . Once the data is ingested into our platform, our customers can query the platform nearly instantaneously, build, customize, and share dashboards, and create alerts based on the signals that matter most to them. Our curated, connected platform helps users make sense of their data by connecting and correlating it across their full tech stack from the client-side and the applications to the underlying infrastructure and network, all with logs and distributed traces in context so they can analyze, debug, and troubleshoot efficiently and effectively. 
 Cross-platform observability . We have enabled cross-platform observability to provide a fully integrated solution for our customers. For example: 
 We utilize AI and machine learning across our platform, enabling AI-assisted incident response and the ability to solve new use cases beyond the problems that traditional monitoring solutions address. 
 New Relic CodeStream is a developer collaboration platform that enables development teams to discuss and review code in a natural and contextual way. 
 Our Errors Inbox aggregates error data from across the tech stack so developers can detect, triage, and resolve errors faster and with persistent context. 
 Our platform enables developers to deploy new software quickly and confidently by integrating full-stack observability and change tracking into their continuous integration and delivery pipelines. 
 With the New Relic platform our customers can manage their entire digital infrastructure stacks, including the front end, back end, infrastructure layer, vulnerabilities, and logs, as follows: 
 
 Our customers use our platform to identify issues, understand their root cause, and simplify the engineering process. The key benefits of our platform for our customers include: 
 End-to-End Observability and Enhanced Agility . All telemetry data, regardless of its source (whether from proprietary or open source agents, interfaces, or exporters) is aggregated in one place and available to query, alert, 
 6 

Table of Contents 

visualize, and navigate with insightful analytics. Engineering teams can easily monitor a decentralized ecosystem running on thousands of servers and web applications in every phase from concept to post-release. 
 Reducing Mean Time to Resolution . By deploying distributed tracing, service maps, external services, errors inbox, and anomaly detection, our customers gain visibility into patterns and workflows across the entire incident lifecycle. With our AI-assisted incident response, customers can detect issues proactively, reduce alert noise, identify root causes, and take action using two-way integration with third party incident management systems. 
 Improving Application Performance and Reducing Major Incidents . Using critical insights from our platform, engineering teams gain the power to query across all applications to quickly identify issues. By leveraging the tools on our platform, our customers can improve application performance and reduce major incidents. 
 Cloud Migration and Adoption . Through the strength of our platform and our strategic partnerships, such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud, we help engineers minimize cloud migration risk while accelerating migration timelines so they can observe systems, measure efficacy, and optimize costs before, during, and after a migration. 
 Dynamic and On-Demand Scalability . Our multi-tenant SaaS platform scales dynamically and on-demand to some of the largest environments without penalty or pre-reservation requirements. This means our customers can meet the demands of peak business days confidently. This dynamic scalability feature is available at a straightforward and predictable cost, regardless of the architecture or environment, and without punitive pricing for data granularity. 
 Rapid Time to Value . We make it easy for all engineers to get started quickly with observability best practices. In fiscal 2022, we launched New Relic Instant Observability (New Relic I/O), one of the largest open source ecosystems for observability providing pre-built integrations designed to help every engineer embrace observability as a daily practice. With New Relic I/O and quickstarts for more than 500 cloud services, technologies and frameworks for instant observability across the stack, engineers do not need to spend hours manually instrumenting data and building dashboards and can start receiving and analyzing insights in minutes. 
 Open Source Commitment . New Relic is making it easier for everyone to instrument everything through our commitment to open standards, open source instrumentation, and the open communities that support them. We allow customers to standardize and use OpenTelemetry for all collections and most of our agents are open source. We have joined the governing board of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation and contributed Pixie, a Kubernetes-native in-cluster observability platform, as an open source project. We are also a founding member of Eclipse Adoptium, a leading provider of Java runtimes. 
 Platform Extensibility . In addition to the UIs and workflows provided natively in our platform, our customers can use the data they ingest into the platform to build custom applications. Our platform supports custom application development via common open source frameworks, a library of existing applications, and a rich development environment. 
 Enterprise-grade Security . We have developed robust security measures to try to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data, such as by conducting regular third-party audits using industry-recognized standards, including SOC 2, ISO 27001, TISAX, and HITRUST, and we have achieved FedRAMP authorization at a moderate impact level. 
 As a result of these key benefits, our platform enables our customers to: 
 Fuel innovation and growth . We empower engineers with data and visibility to support faster software delivery and greater experimentation to increase customer satisfaction, revenue and market share. Powered by the insights and visibility from our platform, our customers can reduce time to market by building and deploying software faster, improving development efficiency and improving alignment and collaboration across business and technical teams. 
 Deliver exceptional customer experiences . We enable engineers and organizations to deliver digital customer experiences that drive engagement, conversion and brand affinity. With our platform, our customers can view what their customers are experiencing on their digital platforms to avoid churn, lost revenue and reputational harm. 
 Optimize system performance . We help engineers proactively identify and resolve issues before they impact customers. Our customers have a common platform to adopt and implement DevOps and site reliability engineer SRE principles so they can improve incident resolution times, reduce the number of customer-reported incidents, and reduce the downtime of the systems they manage. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Drive operational efficiency . Our platform helps engineering teams build at scale to realize the benefits of cloud investments and optimize resource consumption. Engineering teams are able to leverage the power of observability to improve the pace of cloud adoption, digital transformation, budget predictability, and overall employee productivity. Our customers can reduce their tooling and engineering costs by consolidating on our unified platform. 
 Our Growth Strategy 
 We intend to achieve our goal of becoming the source of truth for all engineers across the software lifecycle by leveraging our land-and-expand strategy and our consumption-based model. Our core growth strategies include: 
 Continue to innovate and advance our product roadmap . We have a proven track record of innovation in our industry, and we intend to build upon that reputation by continuing to broaden the capabilities and features of our platform so more engineers can use it more often. In the last fiscal year, we had nine new major product launches and enhancements, including SAP monitoring, change tracking, vulnerability management, and our Azure service. We also launched offerings that are HIPAA-compliant and HITRUST certified to continue to enhance our offerings. 
 Drive customer acquisition through product-led growth . We believe we have the most intuitive and powerful observability platform in the industry. We intend to drive significant product awareness, demand, adoption, and growth in new accounts by accelerating our self-service product marketing and sales initiatives. Our free tier of service encourages users to try our platform, and our product-led self-service model enables customers to increase the value they receive from the platform by adding additional data, users, and use cases. The easy-to-use, intuitive nature of our platform allows us to engage with these potential new customers cost effectively, which significantly reduces our customer acquisition costs. 
 Expand our customer base globally by expanding our partner ecosystem . International markets present a significant opportunity for us to land new customers for our platform. We believe that leveraging commercial partnerships is a highly effective way to acquire new customers at low acquisition costs, while enabling these customers to realize value from our observability platform more rapidly. We intend to develop new relationships and leverage our existing relationships with distributors, resellers, service partners, hyperscalers, and global system integrators to grow our sales pipeline and drive new use cases as more businesses around the world accelerate their cloud native journey. 
 Accelerate consumption within our customer base . As a customer increases use of our platform, we transition to a more traditional direct sales, or sales-led, model to expand the use of our platform within the customer. Our existing customer base consists of more than 16,000 paid customers across industry verticals and regions, which provides us with a large market opportunity to grow our revenue by facilitating greater platform engagement and addressing new use cases. We currently have more than 1,200 large customers, which we define as customers spending over 100,000 with us annually, and we have over 150 customers spending over 1 million with us annually. We have also identified a number of large customers currently on our self-serve platform as targets for our sales-led approach in order to deliver new contracts and expand the uptake of our solutions. 
 Leverage our consumption-based model to drive value for our customers . Since introducing our consumption-based model in fiscal year 2021, our customers have responded favorably to this cost-following model. We have lowered the total cost of ownership for many of our customers by reducing multiple vendor relationships and the support costs for multiple tools. As the power of our platform continues to grow and we help our customers solve their problems, we believe our customers will increase the number of users and the amount of data ingested into our system. With our consumption-based model, our customers are charged based on actual usage, and we price all telemetry sources at the same rate without overage penalties. This removes barriers to adoption as it easily allows our customers to plan usage and forecast spend. We also offer varying commitment plans to best meet the needs of our customers of all sizes and maturity levels. 
 Expand our margins through cloud optimization and other efficiency initiatives . We have identified several key opportunities for expanding our operating leverage and we have begun implementing these initiatives. For example, we have been optimizing our hyperscaler infrastructure by migrating from our own data centers to a significantly more efficient public cloud model to better match our growing demand and our operating costs. We have also begun leveraging the strengths of multiple cloud providers to gain efficiencies for our platform and our cost structure. And finally, as we have continued to develop and expand our consumption-based model, we have gained critical insights into the varying components of the cost of the data, which has enabled us to better align and optimize our pricing to follow our costs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Operations 
 We host our applications and serve all our customers through a combination of cloud service providers and to a lesser extent our data centers whose infrastructure is managed by third parties. We continue to build out services and functionality in the public cloud with a goal to migrate our entire platform to the public cloud by the end of fiscal year 2024. This strategy provides us flexibility to service customers in new and emerging regions and scale our deployment capabilities. We maintain a formal and comprehensive security program designed to ensure the security and integrity of our data, protect against security threats or data breaches, and prevent unauthorized access to the data of our customers. Our technology uses multi-tenant architecture, enabling all our customers to share the same version of our products and platform capabilities while securely partitioning their data. 
 Sustainability and Social Impact 
 We are committed to creating a sustainable future by reducing our environmental footprint. In 2022, we implemented a carbon accounting software and undertook a greenhouse gas GhG emissions review in order to benchmark Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2022. Through this process, we aim to better understand operational impacts and create a strategy to measure carbon emissions. In March 2023, we announced our goal to achieve net-zero GhG emissions by 2030 and a commitment to set near-term science-based GhG emission targets. 
 We also promote community engagement through volunteering and giving programs. We encourage employee contributions to charities of their choice, which we match up to a certain amount and directly donate to nonprofits in our communities supporting our aim of creating more equitable access to technology. We provide up to sixteen hours of Volunteer Time Off for eligible employees to spend time giving back in addition to an annual day of service where our employees are encouraged to participate in volunteer events. Additionally, we continue to offer our New Relic for Students and Observability for Good programs that provide expanded free tier access to the New Relic platform to students and nonprofits. 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had a total of 2,663 employees, including temporary employees, operating across 16 countries, including 919 employees located outside of the U.S. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment. Employees in certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries have the benefits of collective bargaining arrangements at the national level. We consider our relations with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations or work stoppages due to labor disagreements. 
 Culture and Engagement 
 Our accountable, bold, authentic, passionate, and connected core values inform and guide our human capital initiatives and objectives. We screen new hires and measure employee performance against these company values, and regularly measure employee engagement against these values through our surveys and all-hands meetings and AMA ask me anything sessions. We also use these surveys, meetings, and sessions to collect employee feedback and assess the effectiveness of our culture, our strategy, and various health and well-being programs. We believe our values-driven culture has contributed to our recognition as a great place to work by our employees. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We strive to build a diverse workforce, promote equity in our practices, and create inclusive communities for all our employees to thrive. Internally, we offer training for employees around unconscious bias, and other diversity and inclusion-related topics designed to create a culture of belonging. In addition, our Diversity, Equity Inclusion team works closely with division leaders to review current diversity and inclusion data, identify themes, and create action plans with measurable objectives and key results for their divisions, with the goal of increasing diversity and growing every employee s sense of belonging. 
 We work hard to maintain and enhance our diverse and inclusive environment, creating a workplace where people are highly valued and are empowered to do their best work. Our employee resource groups offer our employees support, mentoring, and networking opportunities and help to foster a friendly and diverse workplace. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 New Relic is committed to delivering a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that provides support for all of our employees well-being. We provide competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain talented employees, including offering market-competitive salary, bonuses or sales commissions, and equity. We generally offer full-time employees equity at the time of hire and through annual equity grants, as well as provide an employee stock purchase plan, to 
 9 

Table of Contents 

foster a strong sense of ownership and engage our employees in being committed to our long-term success. We ensure that our compensation is fair for all employees, regardless of classifications, such as race and gender. We routinely run a rigorous statistical analysis to ensure compensation is fair, taking into account factors that should impact pay, such as role, level, location and performance. 
 Our full-time employees are eligible to receive, subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility requirements, our comprehensive benefits package including our medical, dental, and vision insurance and life and disability insurance plans. In addition, we provide flexible time off, as well as maintain a tax-qualified 401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis, including providing a match for employee contributions. In structuring these benefit plans, we seek to provide an aggregate level of benefits that are comparable to those provided by similar companies. While the philosophy around our benefits is the same worldwide, specific benefits vary regionally due to local regulations and preferences. 
 Training and Development 
 Ensuring our employees have access to development opportunities and understand how to grow their career at New Relic is a critical part of our talent and engagement practices. As part of our efforts, we invest in a robust training portal for employees, complete with online courses and live training on a variety of topics. To recognize and promote outstanding employees, we perform a comprehensive annual talent review process, through which we empower employees to drive their professional development in a way that also aligns with company objectives and our company values. 
 Flex-First Model 
 To support employee well-being during the COVID-19 pandemic, we established a number of programs that allowed our employees to work remotely or come into the offices as permitted under any applicable federal, state or local regulations and guidelines. We have since transitioned to a flexibility-first, or flex-first, model where we allow our employees to continue to work remotely if they prefer. We will continue to evaluate our workforce strategies as our top priority has been and will continue to provide our employees with the resources and flexibility they need to care for themselves and their families while remaining productive. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, and testing of all aspects of the New Relic suite of products and platform capabilities. We invest heavily in these efforts to continuously improve, innovate, and add new features to our solutions. 
 We deploy new features, functionality, and technologies through daily and weekly software releases or updates in order to minimize disruption and provide for constant improvement. Our product managers regularly engage with customers, partners, and industry analysts, as well as other stakeholders, in functions such as sales, customer success, marketing, and business development to understand customer needs as well as general trends in our industry. Once product improvements are identified, the development organization works closely together to design, develop, test, and launch a solution. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 991 employees in our research and development organization. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales and marketing organizations work together closely to drive market awareness, create and manage user and customer leads, provide qualified leads to our sales pipeline, and build customer relationships to drive revenue growth. As of March 31, 2023, we had 1,036 employees in our sales and marketing organization. 
 Sales 
 Under our land-and-expand business model, our sales strategy is to rely on two primary distribution channels, self-serve and sales-led growth. For customers from whom we generate trailing 12-month revenue below a certain threshold, self-serve tactics allow these customers to adopt platform features via marketing and product-led sales. As a customer starts to exceed that threshold in trailing 12-month revenue or shows the potential to exceed it, we typically transition the customer to a more traditional direct sales model, or sales-led growth, under which our direct sales organization engages with our larger accounts. Our direct sales organization is organized by geography and size of customer and is focused on growing the number of accounts and usage within accounts (i.e., providing our customers with a broader set of our product solutions). 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Marketing 
 Our marketing strategy focuses on meaningful interactions with practitioners and buyers by targeting software developers, operations professionals, IT leaders, and technology executives across many industries and regions. Additionally, our digital engagement strategy, demand generation, customer programs, events, corporate communications, and product marketing teams focus on building brand, engagement, and demand with our target markets. We utilize both online and offline marketing initiatives, including search engine and email marketing, online banner and video advertising, our website, product demonstrations and trials, blogs, corporate communications, whitepapers, case studies, user events, sponsorships, and webinars. We believe an effective method to market our platform is for users to actively use and explore its capabilities. We encourage free trials of one or more of our products in order to successfully convert those accounts to paid subscriptions. 
 Seasonality 
 We have experienced seasonality in our sales and operating results in the past and will continue to experience seasonality in the future. Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher cash collections in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. With our shift to a consumption-based model, we expect over time that our revenue will more closely approximate our customer usage of our products and services, and thereby our revenue may experience seasonal fluctuations based upon our customer consumption patterns. For example, in recent years, we have seen a seasonal decline in consumption usage on an aggregate basis around the Christmas holiday season in mid-December that begins to recover in the following fiscal quarter. For customers under consumption-based models that exhibit this seasonal pattern, we would have a corresponding revenue decrease for the impacted period of seasonally reduced usage. 
 
 Customer Support 
 Our products and platform capabilities are designed to minimize the need for customer support, as users can easily download, install, and deploy agents and other technology to ingest data into our platform without needing support. We offer a range of customer support options with multiple levels of support. These include free community support, email support, and phone support, up to our customer support organization, which provides dedicated customer success representatives, onsite support, with global capabilities and is available at all hours of the day. Through our training platform, we offer courses to help our customers quickly learn how to effectively use our products as well as implement best practices. Courses are available online, in-person at events, and, as requested by certain customers, on-site. Our training sessions are typically targeted at specific levels of employee seniority and product experience, such as agent essentials or administrator experts, to more effectively tailor training to intended audiences. 
 Partnerships and Strategic Relationships 
 We have built marketing relationships with a number of technology companies to help promote and grow our user base and footprint. We also have developed relationships with several cloud providers including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, IBM Cloud, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and others, through which we collaborate to ensure our products and platform capabilities work well on applications running on their clouds. These providers offer access to our products and platform capabilities through links on their websites, refer developers and other potential users to us, and expand our marketing reach. Additionally, a number of system integrators, consultants, and value-added resellers are using the New Relic platform to help their customers make the resourcing and prioritization decisions necessary for successful cloud migrations and transformation projects. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry that is characterized by constant change and innovation. With respect to our unified Observability platform, we compete with vendors such as Datadog, Inc. and Dynatrace, Inc. Since our platform combines functionality from more than 30 traditional product categories, we compete in each of these categories with home-grown and open source technologies, as well as a number of different commercial vendors. For example, for APM, we compete with providers such as Cisco Systems, Inc. With respect to log management, we compete with Elastic NV and Splunk, Inc. With respect to infrastructure monitoring, we compete with diversified technology vendors such as International Business Machines Corporation, BMC Software, Inc. and CA, Inc. (a subsidiary of Broadcom, Inc.), and with native solutions from cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, and Google LLC. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The principal competitive factors in our market include: 
 product and platform features, architecture, reliability, security, performance, effectiveness, and supported environments; 
 reliability, security, and performance; 
 product extensibility and ability to integrate with other technology infrastructures; 
 digital operations expertise; 
 ease of use of products and platform capabilities; 
 price and total cost of ownership; 
 adherence to industry standards and certifications; 
 strength of sales and marketing efforts; 
 brand awareness and reputation; and 
 focus on customer success. 
 We believe we generally compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources, greater name recognition, larger sales and marketing budgets, broader distribution, and larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios. Even so, we believe that our customers have chosen us despite our competitors business advantages, primarily due to the value of our all-in-one observability platform and our low TCO pricing model. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on federal, state, common law, and international rights, as well as contractual restrictions, to protect our intellectual property. We control access to our proprietary technology and algorithms by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. 
 In addition to these contractual arrangements, we also rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and domain names to protect our intellectual property. As of March 31, 2023, we had 51 issued patents in the United States and abroad, and 26 patent applications pending in the United States and abroad. We are also the registered holder of a variety of United States and international domain names that include the term New Relic. Our products utilize our New Relic trademark as well as our logo and images. 
 Circumstances outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in the United States or other countries in which we operate. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 
 Companies in Internet-related industries may own large numbers of patents, copyrights, and trademarks and may frequently request license agreements, threaten litigation, or file suit against us based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have been subject to, and expect to face in the future, allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including our competitors and non-practicing entities. As we face increasing competition and as our business grows, we will likely face more claims of infringement. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of these potential impacts. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Information 
 We were formed in Delaware in September 2007 as New Relic Software, LLC. We converted from a Delaware limited liability company to a Delaware corporation and changed our name to New Relic, Inc. in February 2008. Our principal executive offices are located at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1000, San Francisco, California 94105, and our telephone number is (650) 777-7600. Our website is located at www.newrelic.com, and our investor relations website is located at http://ir.newrelic.com/. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and references to our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. We completed our initial public offering in December 2014 and our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NEWR. 
 Available Information 
 Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the site is www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. New Relic has used, and intends to continue to use, our investor relations website, as well as our Twitter account (@newrelic), as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the subheading Corporate Governance. The contents of our website or our Twitter account are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website address are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 
 We have a limited operating history with our current business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and increases the risk of your investment. 
 We were founded in 2007, launched our first commercial product in 2008, launched our New Relic platform in 2019, and introduced our updated consumption-based model in fiscal year 2021. This limited operating history with our current business model limits our ability to forecast our future operating results and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth, data ingest growth, and other metrics should not be considered indicative of our future performance. We have encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as determining appropriate investments of our limited resources, market adoption of our existing and future products and platform capabilities, competition from other companies, acquiring and retaining customers, transition of customers onto our new buying programs, hiring, integrating, training and retaining skilled personnel, developing new products and platform capabilities, determining prices and pricing structures for our products and platform capabilities, unforeseen expenses, and challenges in forecasting accuracy. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results and our business could suffer. 
 We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices and pricing structures for our products and have employed evolving pricing models, which subject us to challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive value from our customers and may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have evolved our pricing models over time and we expect that they will continue to evolve. For example, in fiscal 2021, we updated our pricing strategy to calculate customer spend based upon their consumption. Customers may be charged upon their usage in arrears, which we refer to as Pay as You Go, or they may commit to a minimum spend over their contracted period in exchange for a discount on their usage pricing. Consumption under this model is measured by number of users and data ingested into our system, thereby collapsing what had previously been a number of different products priced in individualized ways into a simplified strategy that is intended to drive consumption across our platform. 
 We have seen that the transition to our consumption-based model has negatively impacted our revenue and deferred revenue for certain customers at the time of their renewal. For example, some customers have decided to take advantage of our consumption-based model and choose smaller upfront commitments in favor of spending on actual consumption in excess of committed amounts. Whether o ur consumption model will prove successful is subject to numerous uncertainties, including but not limited to: customer demand, renewal and expansion rates, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, the ability of our sales force to successfully execute new sales strategies, tax and accounting implications, pricing, our costs, and the product offerings and pricing models and strategies of our competitors. In addition, the metrics we use to gauge the status and success of our consumption pricing model may continue to evolve as significant trends emerge. 
 We have seen indications of acceptance of our consumption-based model from our customers and the market in general; however, if our pricing model fails to gain continued or broader customer and market acceptance, our business and results of operations could be harmed . In addition, our evolving pricing models may allow competitors with different pricing models to attract customers unfamiliar or uncomfortable with our pricing models, which would cause us to lose business or modify our pricing models, both of which could adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. 
 We expect that we will continue to evolve our pricing model, including as a result of global economic conditions, reductions in our customers spending levels generally, the introduction of new products and services, the evolution of existing products and services, or changes in how computing infrastructure is broadly consumed. We have introduced and expect to continue to introduce variations to our pricing models and other pricing programs that provide broader usage and cost predictability for our customers. Although we may believe that these pricing changes will drive net new customers, increase customer adoption, and support our transition to a consumption-based model, it is possible that they will not and may potentially cause confusion with our customers, which could negatively impact our business, revenue, and other financial 
 14 

Table of Contents 

results. If we have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products, we may be required from time to time to further revise our pricing structure, increase billing frequency, or reduce our prices, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We have a history of losses and our revenue growth rate could decline over time. As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and sustain profitability. 
 We have incurred net losses in each fiscal period since our inception, including net loss attributable to New Relic of 180.2 million, 250.4 million, and 192.6 million in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. At March 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 963.6 million. We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things: 
 investments in our research and development team, and the development of new platform offerings, capabilities, features, and functionality; 
 expansion of our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally; 
 hiring of additional employees; and 
 general administration, including legal, accounting, and other expenses related to our growing operations and infrastructure. 
 In addition, we are currently migrating our entire platform over time from third-party data center hosting facilities to public cloud hosting providers, and our costs and gross margins are significantly influenced by the prices we are able to negotiate with them, which in certain cases are also our competitors. These investments may not result in increased revenue or growth of our business. Our revenue growth rate experienced decline in previous periods and it could decline again over time. Accordingly, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset our expected cost increases and to achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve and sustain profitability, our operating results and business would be harmed. 
 Weakened global economic conditions, including market volatility, any downturn or recession, rising inflation and interest rates, and the economic and other impacts of geopolitical conflicts, may harm our industry, business, and results of operations. 
 Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. Global financial developments and downturns, even those seemingly unrelated to us or the information technology industry, may harm us. The United States and other key international economies are being impacted by supply chain disruption, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies, actual or perceived instability in the banking system, including due to recent bank failures, inflation, rising interest rates, labor shortages and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. Businesses may look, and in many cases are looking, to rationalize their spending in response to such factors, which could impact our sales and renewal rates and negatively impact our business. Further, global events, such as Russia s invasion of Ukraine, may lead to or continue to result in disruption, instability, deterioration and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, the revenue growth and potential profitability of our business depends on demand for software applications and products generally, and APM and our other offerings specifically. In addition, our revenue is dependent on the number of users of our products and the degree of adoption of such users with respect to our products and platform capabilities. Historically, during economic downturns there have been reductions in spending on information technology systems as well as pressure for extended billing terms and other financial concessions, which would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers ability or willingness to purchase our products, delay prospective customers purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their commitments or amount of their spend, or affect renewal rates, all of which could harm our operating results. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may harm our business and results of operations. 
 While we have historically transacted in U.S. dollars with substantially all of our customers and vendors, we have transacted in foreign currencies and will continue to transact in foreign currencies in the future. In addition, our international subsidiaries may maintain net assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional operating currencies of these entities. Accordingly, changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our revenue and operating results as we convert these to U.S. dollars. Volatile market conditions arising from the macro environment have and may in the future result in significant changes in exchange rates, and with the recent volatility of multiple major foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, we have seen more significant impact from exchange rates on our revenue growth and expenses in fiscal 2023 
 15 

Table of Contents 

than in the previous fiscal year, and we expect the impact to be sign ificant this year if we continue to experience similar or greater foreign currencies volatility against the U.S. dollar. As a result of such foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. 
 In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. However, in the future, we may use derivative instruments, such as foreign currency forward and option contracts, to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 We have experienced significant growth in prior periods and our historical growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth. If we are not able to manage our growth and expansion, or if our business does not grow as we expect, our operating results may suffer. 
 We have experienced significant growth in our customer adoption and have expanded and may continue to significantly expand our operations, including our domestic and international employee headcount. This growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure and we may not be able to sustain revenue growth consistent with prior periods, or at all. 
 To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to improve our operational, financial, and management systems and controls by, among other things: 
 effectively attracting, training, integrating, and retaining a large number of new employees, particularly members of our research and development teams and employees and consultants in jurisdictions outside of the United States; 
 further improving our key business systems, processes, and information technology infrastructure, including our cloud services, to support our business needs; 
 enhancing our information, training, and communication systems to ensure that our employees are well-coordinated and can effectively communicate with each other and our customers; and 
 improving our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures to ensure timely and accurate reporting of our operational and financial results. 
 If we fail to manage our expansion, implement and transition to our new systems, implement improvements, or maintain effective internal controls and procedures, our costs and expenses may increase more than we plan and we may lose the ability to increase our customer adoption, enhance our existing solutions, develop new solutions, satisfy our customers, respond to competitive pressures, or otherwise execute our business plan. If we are unable to manage our growth, our operating results likely will be harmed. 
 Our business depends on our customers remaining on our platform and increasing their spend with us. Any decline in our customer expansions and renewals would harm our future operating results. 
 Our future success depends in part on our ability to retain and expand our platform usage with our current customers. If our customers do not remain on our platform or increase their spend with us, our revenue may decline, and our operating results may be harmed. 
 In addition, in order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, it is important that our customers renew their commitments or remain on our platform and increase their spend when the contract term expires. Many of our customers may start their accounts on a free tier and have no obligation to enter into a paid commitment or incur spend above the free tier. Our customers that enter into paid commitments have no obligation to renew after the expiration of the contractual term nor an obligation to remain on our platform and incur additional usage fees. Commitments are most often one year in length, and, our customers may renew for lower commitment amounts or instead use our Pay as You Go model, under which they are billed in arrears for their usage. To the extent we are not successful increasing customer budget available to spend on our products and services, whether through demonstrating our value or increasing their contractual commitment level in-line with their usage, there is no guarantee that our customers will grow their consumption with us. Also, in the past, some of our customers have elected not to renew their agreements with us, and we cannot accurately predict future net expansion rates. Moreover, certain legacy customers with annual subscriptions entered into prior to our consumption model have the right to cancel their 
 16 

Table of Contents 

agreements prior to the termination of the subscription term. Additionally, some customers have decided to remain and may continue to remain within the limitations of our free-tier or lower-priced offerings. 
 Our customer expansions and renewals may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including: customer usage, customer satisfaction with our products and platform capabilities and customer support, our prices, including as a result of changes to our pricing strategy, the prices of competing products, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, consolidation of affiliates multiple accounts into a single account, the effects of uncertain global economic conditions, including as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s invasion of Ukraine, or reductions in our customers spending levels generally. 
 If we are not able to develop enhancements to our products, increase adoption and usage of our products, and introduce new products and capabilities that achieve market acceptance, our business could be harmed. 
 Our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers depends in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing products, increase adoption and usage of our products, and introduce new products and capabilities. The success of any enhancement or new products depends on several factors, including timely completion, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, introduction, integration with existing technologies and our platform, and market acceptance. Any products that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects, or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing products to meet customer requirements, increase adoption and usage of our products, or develop new products, our business and operating results will be harmed. 
 If customers do not expand their use of our products beyond the current predominant use cases, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Most of our customers currently use our products to support application performance management functions, and the majority of our revenue to date has been from our application performance management products. Our ability to grow our business depends in part on our ability to persuade current and future customers to expand their use of our software to additional use cases across our entire platform. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our software, or if a competitor establishes a more widely adopted solution, our ability to grow our business and financial results will be adversely affected. In addition, as the amount of data stored for a given customer grows, that customer may have to limit or decrease usage in order to stay within budgeted amounts or lower their cost. If their fees grow significantly, customers may react adversely to this pricing model, particularly if they perceive that the value of our software has become eclipsed by such fees or otherwise. 
 Failure to effectively align our marketing and sales capabilities with our consumption pricing structure and increase sales efficiency could harm our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products. 
 Our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products will depend to a significant extent on our ability to align our marketing and sales capabilities with our consumption pricing structure and increase sales efficiency. 
 The effectiveness of our marketing programs has varied over time and may vary in the future due to competition, and we are continuously making adjustments to increase our emphasis on overall product experience and reorient our sales organization around customer success. All of these efforts have required and will continue to require us to invest significant resources. If we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel, if our sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or unable to successfully execute sales strategies in connection with our pricing model changes, or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective, our ability to increase our customer adoption and achieve broader market acceptance of our products could be harmed. 
 In particular, we may in the future need to further adjust our go-to-market cost structure and target metrics, particularly as they relate to how we structure, effect, and compensate our sales teams to become more efficient and effective at selling under the consumption-based model. Any adjustments in compensation structure could negatively affect the productivity of our sales teams, and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement the adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from such adjustments. 
 If we are unable to develop and grow a broad base of high-spend customers, many of which we expect to be large enterprise customers, while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position, and results of operations may suffer. 
 Our growth strategy is dependent, in large part, upon developing and growing a broad base of high-spend customers, many of which we expect to be large enterprise customers. Sales to large customers involve risks that may not be present or that 
 17 

Table of Contents 

are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller entities, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. For example, enterprise customers may require considerable time to evaluate and test our applications and those of our competitors prior to making a purchase decision and placing an order. A number of factors influence the length and variability of our sales cycle, including the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our applications, the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles, and the competitive nature of evaluation and purchasing approval processes. As a result, the length of our sales cycle, from identification of the opportunity to deal closure, may vary significantly from customer to customer, with sales to large enterprises typically taking longer to complete. Moreover, large enterprise customers often begin to deploy our products on a limited basis, but nevertheless demand extensive configuration, integration services, and pricing negotiations, which increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our products widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial upfront investment. 
 In addition, our ability to improve our sales of products to large enterprises is dependent on us continuing to attract and retain sales personnel with experience in selling to large organizations. Also, because security breaches with respect to larger, high-profile enterprises are likely to be heavily publicized, there is increased reputational risk associated with serving such customers. If we are unable to continue to increase sales of our products to large enterprise customers while mitigating the risks associated with serving such customers, our business, financial position, and results of operations may suffer. 
 Our quarterly results may fluctuate and our recent operating results may not be a good indication of our future performance. If we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 
 Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate widely as a result of the risks and uncertainties described in this report, many of which are outside of our control. In addition, our pricing model may give rise to a number of risks reflected in risk factors titled We have limited experience with respect to determining the optimal prices and pricing structures for our products and have employed evolving pricing models, which subject us to challenges that could make it difficult for us to derive value from our customers and may adversely affect our operating results and If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected . If our financial results fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 
 We believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenue, operating results, and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts in a particular quarter, or below any guidance we may provide, the price of our common stock could decline. 
 If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits, loss of customers or sales, and other adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely, process, collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data, intellectual property, and trade secrets. 
 Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services. 
 We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, 
 18 

Table of Contents 

software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. 
 In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversions of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments. Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. 
 We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process proprietary, confidential, and sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the information technology systems of our third-party partners with whom we work. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our platform, products, and services. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific, industry-standard, or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data . While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. As we increase our customer adoption and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems or gain unauthorized access to our customers data. Additionally, with our transition to the flex-first model, we may face an increased risk of attempted security breaches and incidents. Moreover, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to another cloud platform provider, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of cloud platforms generally, which could adversely impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections), additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data), litigation (including class claims), indemnification obligations, negative publicity, reputational harm, monetary fund diversions, interruptions in our operations (including availability of data), financial loss, and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant 
 19 

Table of Contents 

consequences may cause customers to stop using our platform, deter new customers from using our platform, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. If we are not able to detect and indicate activity on our platform that might be nefarious in nature or design processes or systems to reduce the impact of similar activity at a third-party service provider, our customers could suffer harm. In such cases, we could face exposure to legal claims, particularly if the customer suffered actual harm. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We also cannot be sure that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims related to a security incident, or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our expansion rates, financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 The reliability and continuous availability of our platform is critical to our success. However, software such as ours can contain errors, defects, security vulnerabilities or software bugs that are difficult to detect and correct, particularly when such vulnerabilities are first introduced or when new versions or enhancements of our platform, service, and products are released. Additionally, even if we are able to develop a patch or other fix to address such vulnerabilities, such fix may be difficult to push out to our customers or otherwise be delayed. Additionally, our business depends upon the appropriate and successful implementation of our platform by our customers. If our customers fail to use our platform according to our specifications, our customers may suffer a security incident on their own systems or other adverse consequences. Even if such an incident is unrelated to our security practices, it could result in our incurring significant economic and operational costs in investigating, remediating, and implementing additional measures to further protect our customers from their own vulnerabilities and could result in reputational harm. 
 If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our products may become less competitive. 
 The software industry is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and practices, and changing customer needs, requirements, and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. If we are unable to develop and sell new products that satisfy our customers and provide enhancements and new features for our existing products and platform capabilities that keep pace with rapid technological and industry change, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected. Further, the value of our platform to customers increases to the extent they are able to use it for all of their telemetry data. We need to continue to invest in technologies, services, and partnerships that increase the ease with which customers can ingest data into our platform. If new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive products and applications at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely, such technologies could adversely impact our ability to compete. 
 Our platform must also integrate with a variety of network, hardware, mobile, and software platforms and technologies, and we need to continuously modify and enhance our products and platform capabilities to adapt to changes and innovation in these technologies. If developers widely adopt new software platforms, we would have to develop new versions of our products and platform capabilities to work with those new platforms. This development effort may require significant engineering, marketing, and sales resources, all of which would affect our business and operating results. Any failure of our products and platform capabilities to operate effectively with future infrastructure platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our products. If we are unable to respond to these changes in a cost-effective manner, our products may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete, and our operating results may be negatively affected. Similarly, application stores such as those operated by Apple and Google, may change their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our partners or customers collect, use, and share data from users. If the use of our products does not comply with these requirements, customers may not be able to use our products for their intended purposes and our business could be harmed. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent upon lead generation strategies to drive our sales and revenue. If these marketing strategies fail to continue to generate sales opportunities, our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected. 
 We are dependent upon lead generation strategies, including our expanded free tier offering, to generate sales opportunities. These strategies may not be successful in continuing to generate sufficient sales opportunities necessary to increase our revenue. To the extent that we are unable to successfully attract and grow paying customers, we will not realize the intended benefits of these marketing strategies and our ability to grow our revenue will be adversely affected. 
 The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 
 The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving, significantly fragmented, and highly competitive. Our observability platform combines functionality from numerous traditional product categories, and hence we compete in each of these categories with home-grown and open-source technologies, as well as a number of different vendors. 
 With respect to our unified Observability platform, we compete with vendors such as Datadog, Inc. and Dynatrace, Inc. Since our platform combines functionality from more than 30 traditional product categories, we compete in each of these categories with home-grown and open source technologies, as well as a number of different commercial vendors. For example, for APM, we compete with providers such as Cisco Systems, Inc. With respect to log management, we compete with Elastic NV and Splunk, Inc. With respect to infrastructure monitoring, we compete with diversified technology vendors such as International Business Machines Corporation, BMC Software, Inc. and CA, Inc. (a subsidiary of Broadcom, Inc.), and with native solutions from cloud providers such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, and Google LLC. In addition, we may increasingly choose to allow third-party hosting providers to offer our solutions directly through their customer marketplaces. An increasing number of sales through cloud provider marketplaces could reduce both the number of customers with whom we have direct commercial relationships as well as our profit margins on sales made through such marketplaces. 
 Some of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger budgets, and significantly greater resources than we do, and have the operating flexibility to bundle competing products and services with other software offerings at little or no perceived incremental cost, including offering them at a lower price as part of a larger sale. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, or customer requirements. In addition, some competitors may offer products or services that address one or a limited number of functions at lower prices or with greater depth than our products. Our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies with comparable functionality to our products and platform capabilities, and this could lead to us having to decrease prices in order to remain competitive. 
 With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our products and platform capabilities and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. Moreover, as we expand the scope of our solutions, we may face additional competition. Additionally, some potential customers, particularly large organizations, may elect to develop their own internal products. If one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors or another large diversified technology company, the change in the competitive landscape could also adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. For example, in March 2017, Cisco Systems, Inc. completed its purchase of AppDynamics, Inc., in November 2018, Broadcom Inc. completed its acquisition of CA, Inc., in October 2019, Splunk Inc. completed its acquisition of SignalFX, Inc., in September 2021, Dynatrace, Inc. acquired SpectX, and in November 2022, Datadog, Inc. completed its acquisition of Cloudcraft. If we are unable to maintain our current pricing or fail to gain market acceptance of our updated pricing strategy due to the competitive pressures, our margins will be reduced, and our operating results will be negatively affected. In addition, pricing pressures and increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or the failure of our solutions to achieve or maintain more widespread market acceptance, any of which could harm our business. 
 Due to differences between our legacy subscription-based model and our transition to a consumption-based model, we may not have visibility into our future financial position and results of operations. 
 We have historically employed a subscription-based model. As a result, for contracts entered into prior to our transition to a consumption-based model, we recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscriptions. A portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any single quarter may have a small impact on our revenue for that quarter. However, such a decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our solutions, and potential changes in our 
 21 

Table of Contents 

rate of renewals, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods, such as the effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations in recent years. 
 Because our customers have flexibility in the timing of their consumption under our consumption-based model, we do not have the same visibility into the timing of revenue recognition as we did under the subscription-based model. There is a risk that customers will consume our platform at a different pace than we expect, and our actual results may differ from our forecasts. 
 Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our sales and operating results. 
 We have experienced seasonality in our sales and operating results in the past, and we believe that we will continue to experience seasonality in the future. Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, driven largely by contract renewals, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher cash collections in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. With our shift to a consumption-based model, we expect over time that our revenue will more closely approximate our customer usage of our products and services, and thereby our revenue may experience seasonal fluctuations based upon our customer consumption patterns. For example, in recent years, we have seen a seasonal decline in consumption usage on an aggregate basis around the Christmas holiday in mid-December that begins to recover in January as the users of our platform return to work. For customers under consumption-based models that exhibit this seasonal pattern, we would have a corresponding revenue decrease for the impacted period of seasonally reduced usage. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
 Assumptions and estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements include those related to revenue recognition, which include variable consideration, stock-based compensation, and business combinations. For example, the calculations to derive variable consideration require a combination of quantitative and qualitative inputs, which include estimates of our customers future consumption and estimates regarding the collectability of consumption above committed amounts, that are based largely on an assessment of information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us at that time. 
 As a result, the timing of recognizing revenue in any given quarter, including the extent to which revenue from transactions in a given period may not be recognized until a future period, can be variable and difficult to predict and our results of operations may be adversely affected if such assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions. This could result in fluctuations in our revenue from period to period, which may make these comparisons less meaningful and make it difficult for us, securities analysts and investors to accurately forecast our revenue and operating results, which could cause our results of operations to differ from our financial outlook or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, potentially resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. In addition, our consumption-based model has only been in place since fiscal 2021 and we are continuing to refine our assumptions and estimates. As we continue to obtain more historical data, we expect that our ability to forecast and derive these estimates will improve over time. 
 Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our products and platform capabilities at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of users accessing our products and platform capabilities simultaneously, denial or degradation of service attacks, computer viruses, natural disasters, climate change and extreme weather-related events, terrorism, war, telecommunications and electrical failures, cyberattacks or other security-related incidents. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our products and platform capabilities become more complex and our user traffic 
 22 

Table of Contents 

increases. If our products and platform capabilities are unavailable or if our users are unable to access our products and platform capabilities within a reasonable amount of time or at all, our business would be negatively affected. As we expand our business, our customers increasingly rely on our customer support personnel to realize the full benefits that our platform provides, and if we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our platform usage to existing and new customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers could suffer. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 In addition, we currently serve our customers from third-party data centers and a combination of cloud hosting providers. The continuous availability of our products and platform capabilities depends on the operations of our data center facilities, on our cloud hosting providers, on a variety of network service providers, on third-party vendors, and on our own site operations staff. We depend on our third-party providers abilities to protect our data center facilities against damage or interruption from natural disasters, power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, and similar events. If there are any lapses of service, damage to the facilities, or prolonged cloud hosting provider service disruptions or downtime affecting our platform, we could experience lengthy interruptions in our products and platform capabilities as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. In addition, we are in the process of migrating our entire platform over time from third-party data center hosting facilities to public cloud hosting providers. After we complete this migration, we will rely extensively on these public cloud providers to provide our clients and their users with fast and reliable access to our products. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements, which, to date, have not been tested in an actual crisis, our business could be harmed. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability, and cause us to issue credits or cause customers not to renew their commitments or increase their spend with us, any of which could harm our business. 
 We depend and rely on SaaS technologies and related services from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business and interruptions or performance problems with these technologies or services may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We depend and rely on software-as-a-service, or SaaS, technologies and related services from third parties in order to operate critical functions of our business, including billing and order management, financial accounting services, and customer relationship management services. If these services become unavailable due to extended outages or interruptions, security vulnerabilities, or cyber-attacks, because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices, or due to other unforeseen circumstances, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage these critical functions could be interrupted, and our processes for and ability to manage sales of our products, recognize revenue, and support our customers could be impaired, all of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Defects or disruptions in our products and platform capabilities could diminish demand, harm our financial results, and subject us to liability. 
 Our customers use our products and platform capabilities for important aspects of their businesses, and any errors, defects, or disruptions to our products and platform capabilities or other performance problems with our products and platform capabilities could hurt our brand and reputation and may damage our customers businesses. We provide regular product updates, which may contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. In the past, we have discovered software errors, failures, vulnerabilities, and bugs in our products and platform capabilities after they have been released and new errors in our existing products and platform capabilities may be detected in the future. Real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our products and platform capabilities could result in negative publicity, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products, loss of competitive position, delay of payment to us, lower renewal rates, or claims by customers for losses sustained by them. In such an event, we may be required, or may choose, for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem. In addition, we may not carry insurance sufficient to compensate us for the losses that may result from claims arising from defects or disruptions in our products and platform capabilities. As a result, we could lose future sales and our reputation, and our brand could be harmed. 
 Our ongoing and planned investments in cloud hosting providers and expenditures on transitioning our services and customers from our data center hosting facilities to public cloud providers are expensive and complex, may result in a negative impact on our cash flows, and may negatively impact our financial results. 
 We have made and will continue to make substantial investments in our cloud hosting providers to support our growth and provide enhanced levels of products and platform capabilities to our customers. We have been continuing to decrease the amount of capital expenditures on hosting equipment for use in our data center hosting facilities as we transition to greater 
 23 

Table of Contents 

dependence on cloud hosting providers. If costs associated with cloud hosting services utilized to support our growth continue to be greater than originally expected or if we are required to make larger continuing investments in our data centers than we anticipated, the negative impact on our operating results would likely exceed our expectations. Furthermore, if we determine to no longer utilize our data centers and related property, and equipment sooner than planned, we may be forced to accelerate expense recognition as a result of the shorter estimated life of such assets. In addition, ongoing or future improvements to our cloud infrastructure may be more expensive than we anticipate, and may not yield the expected savings in operating costs or the expected performance benefits. We may not be able to maintain or achieve cost savings from our investments, which could harm our financial results. 
 We plan to continue to invest resources in connection with transitioning our customers and services to third-party cloud hosting providers and may encounter obstacles in completing the transition. Additionally, due to the difficulty in predicting usage of our cloud hosting providers related to customers recently migrated or customers to be migrated from our data centers, we may not be able to accurately forecast our expenditures on such cloud hosting services, which may increase the variability of our results of operations. 
 In addition, we may need to change our current operations infrastructure in order for us to achieve profitability and scale our operations efficiently, which makes our future prospects even more difficult to evaluate. For example, in order to grow our sales in a financially sustainable manner, we may need to further customize our offering and modify our go-to-market strategy to reduce our operating and customer acquisition costs. If we fail to implement these changes on a timely basis or are unable to implement them effectively, our business may suffer. 
 Because our long-term growth strategy involves further expansion of our sales to customers outside the United States, our business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we derived approximately 35 of our total revenue from customers outside the United States. A component of our growth strategy involves the further expansion of our operations and customer adoption internationally. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in international markets, and we cannot assure you that our expansion efforts into international markets will be successful. Our international expansion efforts may not be successful in creating further demand for our products outside of the United States or in effectively selling our products in the international markets we enter. Our current international operations and future initiatives involve a variety of risks, including: 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political or economic conditions; 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, or trade laws; 
 economic and political uncertainty around the world, including uncertainty regarding U.S foreign and domestic policies; 
 regional data security and privacy laws and regulations and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information; 
 differing labor regulations where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations; 
 challenges inherent in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, and compliance programs; 
 difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems; 
 significant reliance upon, and potential disputes with, local business partners; 
 increased travel, real estate, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with international operations; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future; 
 limitations on our ability to repatriate earnings; 
 the impact of public health epidemics on our employees, partners and customers, such as the coronavirus epidemic that has impacted various regions throughout the world in recent years; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors, or general preferences for local vendors; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

limited or insufficient intellectual property protection; 
 exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption, export controls and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and 
 adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash or create other collection difficulties. 
 Our limited experience operating our business internationally increases the risk that recent and any potential future expansion efforts will not be successful. If substantial time and resources invested to expand our international operations do not result in a successful outcome, our operating results and business will suffer. 
 In addition, in February 2022, Russia launched a large-scale military attack on Ukraine. The invasion significantly amplified pre-existing geopolitical tensions. It is not possible to predict the full extent of the broader consequences of Russia s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, including sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates and financial markets. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from such conflict. 
 If we lose key members of our management team or are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed. 
 Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key employees in the areas of research and development, marketing, sales, services, and general administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key employees resulting from the hiring or departure of these personnel. For example, in fiscal 2022, Lew Cirne, our founder and former Chief Executive Officer, transitioned from his role as Chief Executive Officer to Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors and Williams Staples, our former President and Chief Product Officer was promoted to Chief Executive Officer. In the first quarter of fiscal 2023, Mark Sachleben, our former Chief Financial Officer, retired from the position and transitioned into an advisory role at the company and David Barter became our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Mark Dodds joined us as our Chief Revenue Officer in the second quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 Our executive officers and other key employees are employed on an at-will basis, which means that these personnel could terminate their employment with us at any time. Any changes in our senior management team in particular, even in the ordinary course of business, may be disruptive to our business. While we seek to manage these transitions carefully, including by establishing strong processes and procedures and succession planning, such changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business. In addition, new executive hires may fail to achieve any anticipated benefits. If our senior management team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed. 
 In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially for engineers experienced in designing and developing software and SaaS, applications and experienced sales professionals. If we are unable to attract such personnel in locations where we are located, we may need to hire in other locations as well as consider alternative flexible work options, which may add to the complexity and costs of our business operations. Complexities in hiring a nd the need for flexible work arrangements increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. We h ave from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, especially during the period of heightened employee attrition in the U.S. and other countries in recent years. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or experiences significant volatility, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to enhance our brand, or to do so in a cost-effective manner, our ability to expand our customer adoption will be impaired and our financial condition may suffer. 
 We believe that our development of the New Relic brand is critical to achieving widespread awareness of our existing and future solutions, and, as a result, is important to attracting new customers and retaining existing customers. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successful promotion of our 
 25 

Table of Contents 

brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, including our ability to do so in a cost-effective manner, and on our ability to provide reliable and useful products at competitive prices. In the past, our efforts to build our brand have involved significant expenses, and we may have to expend significant resources again in the future in connection with brand promotion and marketing activities. Brand promotion and marketing activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. 
 If we cannot continue to maintain and develop our corporate culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, teamwork, passion, and focus on execution that we believe contribute to our success, and our business may be harmed. 
 We believe that our corporate culture has been a critical component to our success. We have invested substantial time and resources in building our team. As we grow and mature as a public company, and as we continue to expand internationally and adopt more flexible work arrangements, we may find it difficult to continue to maintain and develop our corporate culture. There have been changes in our senior executive management team resulting from the hiring, promotion, or departure of these personnel, and we expect to also recruit and hire other senior executives in the future. Such management changes subject us to a number of risks, such as risks pertaining to the creation of new management systems and processes and differences in management style, any of which could adversely impact our corporate culture. In addition, we may need to continue to adapt our corporate culture and work environments to such changing circumstances. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to recruit and retain personnel and effectively focus on and pursue our corporate objectives. 
 Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, or alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 We have in the past acquired or invested in, and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, products and platform capabilities, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our products and platform capabilities, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. For example, in the third quarter of fiscal 2021, we acquired Pixie Labs Inc., a company that provides a next generation machine intelligence observability solution for developers using Kubernetes, in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we acquired CodeStream Inc., a company that provides an integrated developer collaboration platform, and in the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we acquired K2 Cyber Security Inc., a company that provides a differentiated, signatureless approach to vulnerability and hack detection. Any acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products and platform capabilities, personnel, or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired company choose not to work for us, their software is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. These transactions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in impairment charges that could be substantial. In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or business opportunities or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular strategic partner. These transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if the resulting business from such a transaction fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business, and financial condition may suffer or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities. 
 We provide service level commitments under some of our customer contracts. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused portion of our contractual commitments or face contract terminations, which could adversely affect our revenue. 
 Some of our customer agreements provide service level commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our products and platform capabilities, we may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with service credits or refunds for prepaid amounts related to unused portion of our contractual commitments, or we could face contract terminations. Our revenue could be significantly affected if we suffer unscheduled downtime that exceeds the allowed downtimes under our agreements with our customers. Any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation, revenue, and operating results. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

If third parties, such as customers, partners and third-party software developers fail to maintain interoperability, availability, or privacy compliance controls in the integrations and applications that they provide, our services that rely upon such integrations may have less value to customers, become less marketable, or less competitive, and our brand and financial performance could be harmed. 
 We provide software that enables customers, partners and third-party software developers to build integrations and applications with our products and extend the functionality of our platform capabilities. This presents certain risks to our business, including: 
 customers, partners and third-party developers may not continue developing or supporting the integrations and applications that they provide or they may favor a competitor s or their own competitive offerings over ours; 
 we cannot provide any assurance that these integrations and applications meet the same quality standards that we apply to our own development efforts, and, to the extent they contain bugs, defects, or security risks, they may create disruptions in our customers use of our software or negatively affect our brand; 
 we do not currently provide support or warranties related to the functionality, security, and integrity of the data transmission or processing for integrations and applications developed by customers, partners and third-party software developers, and users may seek warranties or be left without support and potentially cease using our products if the developers do not provide warranties or support for their integrations and applications; and 
 these customers, partners and third-party software developers may not possess the appropriate intellectual property rights to develop and share their integrations and applications or the legal basis and privacy and security compliance measures to process or control personal information that flows through our systems. 
 While many of these risks are not within our control to prevent, our brand and financial performance could be harmed if these integrations and applications do not perform to our customers satisfaction and if that dissatisfaction is attributed to us. 
 Sales to government entities and highly regulated organizations are subject to a number of challenges and risks. 
 We may sell to U.S. federal, state, and local, as well as foreign, governmental agency customers, as well as to customers in highly regulated industries such as financial services, telecommunications and healthcare. Sales to such entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to such entities can be highly competitive, expensive, and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Government contracting requirements may change and in doing so restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained the revised certification. Government demand and payment for our products are affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products. 
 Further, governmental and highly regulated entities may demand contract terms that differ from our standard arrangements and are less favorable than terms agreed with private sector customers. Such entities may have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts with us or our partners for convenience or for other reasons. Any such termination may adversely affect our ability to contract with other government customers as well as our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 As of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we had U.S. federal and state net operating losses of approximately 650.7 million and 423.4 million, respectively. Other than federal net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2035 and 2024, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future income tax liabilities. Under the 2017 federal income tax law, as modified by the federal tax law changes enacted in March 2020, federal net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited. In addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, for state income tax purposes, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Our effective tax rate may fluctuate, and we may incur obligations in tax jurisdictions in excess of accrued amounts. 
 We are subject to taxation in numerous U.S. states and territories and in non-U.S. countries. As a result, our effective tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various places that we operate. In preparing our financial statements, we estimate the amount of tax that will become payable in each of such places. Nevertheless, our effective tax rate may be different than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including passage of federal income tax law changes, changes in the mix of our profitability from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, the results of examinations and audits of our tax filings, our inability to secure or sustain acceptable agreements with tax authorities, changes in accounting for income taxes and other changes in tax laws. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations and may result in tax obligations in excess of amounts accrued in our financial statements. 
 Risks Related to Laws and Regulations 
 We are subject to stringent and rapidly changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, industry standards, contractual obligations, policies, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations by us, our customers, or third parties with whom we work could lead to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, loss of customers or sales, and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we process personal data and other proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, and sensitive third-party data. Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), imposes specific requirements relating to the data privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. As another example, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 ("CAN-SPAM and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 TCPA impose specific requirements on communications with customers. For example, the TCPA imposes various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions on certain telemarketing activity and other communications with consumers by phone, fax or text message. TCPA violations can result in significant financial penalties, including penalties or criminal fines imposed by the Federal Communications Commission or fines of up to 1,500 per violation imposed through private litigation or by state authorities. As another example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA applies to personal data of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal data and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive data privacy and security laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us, the third parties upon whom we rely, and our customers. 
 Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation EU GDPR ), the United Kingdom s GDPR UK GDPR ), Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais, or LGPD (Law No. 13,709/2018), and China s Personal Information Protection Law PIPL impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, under the EU GDPR, companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions, personal data, fines of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4 of their global annual revenues, whichever is great, or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. In Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA and various related provincial laws, as well as Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation CASL ), may apply to our operations and our operations in Australia may subject us to Australia s Privacy Act of 1988. We also have operations in Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Israel, and India and may be subject to new and emerging data privacy regimes in Asia, such as Japan s Act on the Protection of Personal Information, Singapore s Personal Data Protection Act, South Korea s Personal Information Protection Act, Israel s Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, and India s proposed Digital Personal Data 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Protection Bill. Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in products and services. For example, in Europe, there is a proposed regulation related to artificial intelligence AI that, if adopted, could impose onerous obligations related to the use of AI-related systems. We may have to change our business practices to comply with such obligations. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom UK have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose privacy laws it believes are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. 
 If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 In addition to data privacy and security laws, we are contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. For example, we may also be subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI DSS ). The PCI DSS requires companies to adopt certain measures to ensure the security of cardholder information, including using and maintaining firewalls, adopting proper password protections for certain devices and software, and restricting data access. Noncompliance with PCI-DSS can result in penalties ranging from 5,000 to 100,000 per month by credit card companies, litigation, damage to our reputation, and revenue losses. We also rely on vendors to process payment card data, who may be subject to PCI DSS, and our business may be negatively affected if our vendors are fined or suffer other consequences as a result of PCI DSS noncompliance. 
 We are also bound by contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific contractual restrictions on their service providers. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences. 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources, which may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. 
 If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar), litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, bans on processing personal data, and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers, interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including, interruptions or stoppages of data collection needed to train our algorithms, inability to process personal data or to operate in certain 
 29 

Table of Contents 

jurisdictions, limited ability to develop or commercialize our products, expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry, adverse publicity, or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls. 
 Our products are subject to U.S. export controls, and we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our products. Governmental regulation of encryption technology and regulation of imports or exports of encryption products, or our failure to obtain required import or export authorization for our products, when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenues. Compliance may also create delays in the introduction of our product releases in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. If we fail to comply, we could be subject to both civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines, possible incarceration for employees and managers for willful violations, and the possible loss of export or import privileges. For example, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the United States and other countries announced sanctions against Russia and Belarus, which include restrictions on selling or importing goods, services, or technology in or from affected regions and travel bans and asset freezes impacting connected individuals and political, military, business, and financial organizations in Russia and Belarus, and the United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and take other actions as the conflict continues to escalate. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to the tax laws of various jurisdictions, which are subject to unanticipated changes and to interpretation, which could harm our future results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses as a result of acquisitions, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in federal, state, or international tax laws and accounting principles. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, implements a 15 minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. Based on our current analysis of the provisions, we do not believe this legislation will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Further, each jurisdiction has different rules and regulations governing sales and use, value added, and similar taxes, and these rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. Certain jurisdictions in which we did not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. In addition, we may be subject to income tax audits by many tax jurisdictions throughout the world, many of which have not established clear guidance on the tax treatment of SaaS-based companies. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting use of flexible work policies may increase the probability of payroll tax audits. Any tax assessments, penalties, and interest, or future requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, imposition of such taxes on us going forward would effectively increase the cost of our products to our customers and might adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers or to gain new customers in the areas in which such taxes are imposed. 
 In addition, the application of the tax laws of various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities is subject to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, including our transfer pricing, or determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences. As we operate in numerous taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can also be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. For instance, it is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm s length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes, or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property. 
 Further, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development OECD has been working on a project to act to prevent what it refers to as base erosion and profit shifting BEPS ). Most recently, the OECD, through an association of almost 140 countries known as the inclusive framework, has announced a consensus to address, among other things, 
 30 

Table of Contents 

perceived challenges presented by global digital commerce Pillar 1 and the perceived need for a minimum global effective tax rate of 15 Pillar 2 ). On December 15, 2022, the European Union formally adopted the Pillar Two Directive and EU member states are expected to enact the Pillar Two Directive into domestic law by December 31, 2023. Other countries are taking similar actions. We are evaluating developments to determine whether Pillar 2 will materially impact our financial position in the future. Any material change in tax laws or policies, or their interpretation, resulting from BEPS initiatives could result in a higher effective tax rate on our earnings and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We may incur significant costs due to claims for alleged infringement of proprietary rights. 
 There is considerable patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our success depends in part on not infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others and how we prepare for and handle claims of infringement. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. We may receive claims that our products, platform capabilities, and underlying technology infringe or violate the claimant s intellectual property rights. In addition, agreements with customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify them in the event of claims of infringement of certain proprietary rights. Any claims or litigation, regardless of merit, could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our products and platform capabilities, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. 
 Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely to grow as the market for our products grows. Accordingly, our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secret laws, patent, copyrights, service marks, contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors may gain access to our technology and our business may be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any patents, trademarks, or other intellectual property rights that we obtain may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. As of March 31, 2023, we had 51 issued patents in the United States and abroad and 26 patent applications pending in the United States and abroad. Despite our issued patents and pending patent applications, we may be unable to maintain or obtain patent protection for our technology. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and platform capabilities and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products are available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. As we expand our international activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our products and platform capabilities and proprietary information will likely increase. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with other parties. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary information. Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our products and platform capabilities. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Further, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our products and platform capabilities, impair the functionality of our products and platform capabilities, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products, or injure our reputation. 
 Our reliance upon open source software could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 
 We rely heavily upon open source software for the operation of our products and platform capabilities and expect to continue to do so in the future. During fiscal 2021, we strengthened this commitment when we announced that we are making our agents, integrations, and SDKs available under an open source license, and that we are standardizing our future observability offerings in OpenTelemetry, a Cloud Native Computing Foundation project that is an emerging standard for software instrumentation. As a result of our use of open source software in our offerings, as well as our contributions of code to open source software projects, we, including companies that we have acquired, may face claims from others claiming ownership of, or seeking to enforce the terms of, incompatible or conflicting licenses or other rights. This may include a demand to release the open source software, derivative works, or our proprietary source code that was developed using such software. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our platform, any of which would have a negative effect on our business and operating results. In addition, if the license terms for the software we utilize change, additional licenses from third parties may be required or we may be forced to reengineer or discontinue our products and platform capabilities or incur additional costs. In addition, open source licensors generally do not provide warranties, support, indemnity, or assurance of title or controls on origin of the software which may lead to greater risks. Likewise, some open source projects have known security and other vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided on an as-is basis which, if not properly addressed, could negatively affect the performance of our product. While we have established processes to help alleviate these risks, we cannot assure that these measures will reduce or completely shield us from these risks. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we, including companies that we have acquired, have not incorporated software in our products and platform capabilities in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the applicable proprietary rights that may govern their use, or our own policies and procedures. 
 Our continued shift to increase reliance upon open source software will also present increased risk from the standpoint of competition. Because any software source code we contribute to open source projects is publicly available, our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to such software source code may be limited or lost entirely. Anyone may obtain access to the source code for our open source features and then redistribute it (either in a modified or unmodified form), and we may be unable to prevent our competitors or others from using such software source code for competitive purposes, or for commercial or other purposes beyond what we intended. For instance, our conversion of the license terms for our agents, integrations and SDKs from our historical proprietary licenses to open source licenses may allow the use of our previous proprietary code with competitor s platforms. Additionally, we make the source code of our proprietary features publicly available, which may enable others to compete more effectively. Such competition can develop without the degree of overhead and lead time required by traditional proprietary software companies, due to the permissions allowed under open source licensing. It is possible for competitors to develop their own software, including software based on our products, potentially reducing the demand for our services. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be subject to fluctuations, which may be volatile and due to factors beyond our control. 
 The market price of our common stock is subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our common stock include the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

seasonal and end-of-quarter concentration of our transactions and variations in the number and size of transactions that close in a particular quarter; 
 the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet these projections; 
 failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our company, changes in financial estimates and publication of other news by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 ratings changes by any securities analysts who follow our company; 
 actions instituted by activist shareholders or others that could disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses, and distract our management; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 
 actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 
 changes in our pricing models and practices or those of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our products and platform capabilities, or third-party proprietary rights; 
 cybersecurity attacks or incidents; 
 announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 
 new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws, or regulations applicable to our business; 
 changes in our board of directors or management; 
 announced or completed equity or debt transactions involving our securities; 
 sales of shares of our common stock by us, our officers, directors, or other stockholders; 
 lawsuits filed or threatened against us; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, public health epidemics or pandemics, bank failures, or responses to any of these events or factors. 
 In addition, the market for technology stocks and the stock markets in general have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Stock prices of many technology companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. M oreover, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results and the price of our common stock may be particularly pronounced in the current economic environment due to the uncertainty associated with the global economic conditions and the global COVID-19 pandemic. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. A decline in the value of our common stock, including as a result of one or more factors set forth above, may result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 
 Substantial future sales of shares of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of substantial sales of our common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, a large number of shares of our common stock becoming available for sale, or the perception in the market that holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares. Additionally, the shares of common stock subject to outstanding options under our equity incentive plans and the shares reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans, as well as shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock awards, will become eligible for sale in the public market in the future, subject to certain legal and contractual limitations. We have also 
 33 

Table of Contents 

registered shares of common stock that we may issue under our employee equity incentive plans. Accordingly, these shares may be able to be sold freely in the public market upon issuance as permitted by any applicable vesting requirements. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 
 authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 
 require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; 
 specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by the Chair of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or by our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 
 establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; 
 provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms, until our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders when the classes will be fully phased out; 
 prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors; 
 provide that our directors may be removed only for cause until our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; and 
 require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3 of our outstanding shares of capital stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
 These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our management could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the U.S. federal district courts will be the exclusive forums for the adjudication of certain disputes, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, or other employee of New Relic to us or our stockholders; 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by us, our officers and directors, the underwriters for any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation, and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any future debt financing arrangements. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our stock price, which may never occur. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not continue to publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If industry analysts cease coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively affected. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. In addition, independent industry analysts, such as Gartner and Forrester, often provide reviews of our products and platform capabilities, as well as those of our competitors, and perception of our offerings in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control over what these industry analysts report, and because industry analysts may influence current and potential customers, our brand could be harmed if they do not provide a positive review of our products and platform capabilities or view us as a market leader. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate, especially in a volatile economic environment. Our estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of our market may prove to be inaccurate. Even if the market in which we compete meets our size estimates and forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at all. 
 Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could harm our business. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortag es, pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, e ffects of climate change, extreme weather, flooding and other events beyond our control. We rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems, and our website for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted products, and sales activities. The west coast of the United States contains active earthquake zones and this area has also historically experienced, and is projected to continue to experience, climate-related events including drought and water scarcity, flooding, warmer temperatures, wildfires and air quality impacts and power shut-offs associated with wildfire prevention. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, in the event of a major 
 35 

Table of Contents 

earthquake, hurricane or other extreme weather event, or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war, or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions in service, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 Climate change and related environmental issues could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Climate change-related events, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, wildfires, droughts, hurricanes, freezing conditions, and other natural disasters, may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our major sites in California are vulnerable to such climate change effects, which have caused regional short-term systemic failures in the U.S. and elsewhere. For example, in California, increasing intensity of drought throughout the state and annual periods of wildfire danger increase the probability of planned power outages in the communities where we work and live. While this danger has a low-assessed risk of disrupting normal business operations, it has the potential to impact employees abilities to stay connected effectively. Climate-related events, including the increasing frequency of extreme weather events and their impact on critical infrastructure in the U.S. and internationally, have the potential to disrupt our business, the business of our third-party suppliers, and/or the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. Regulatory developments and changing market dynamics regarding climate change may also impact adversely our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The nature of our business requires the application of complex revenue recognition rules. Significant changes in U.S. GAAP from the adoption of recently issued accounting standards and other non-financial reporting standards could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, which is subject to interpretation or changes by the FASB, the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. New accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting principles have occurred in the past and are expected to occur in the future, which may have a significant effect on our financial results. Any difficulties in implementation of changes in accounting principles, including the ability to modify our accounting systems, could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors confidence in us. In addition, certain choices in the method of implementation of any new standard that may be adopted may have an adverse impact on our potential as an acquirer or an acquiree in a business combination. 
 In addition, as we identify Environmental, Social and Governance ESG topics for voluntary disclosure and work to align with the recommendations of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB and our own ESG materiality assessment, we have made and, in the future may continue to make or expand, our disclosures in these areas. Statements about our ESG initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. If our ESG-related data, processing and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress on our metrics on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs. If additional capital is not available, we may have to delay, reduce, or cease certain investments. 
 We may in the future require additional capital to operate our business and respond to business opportunities that may arise, including the need to develop new products and platform capabilities or enhance our existing products and platform capabilities, enhance our operating infrastructure, protect our intellectual property, pursue possible acquisitions of complementary businesses and technologies, respond to a decline in the level of adoption or usage of our platform, or address other circumstances. We may not be able to timely secure additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, or at all, especially in light of recent volatility and disruptions in the debt and equity markets. Any debt financing obtained by us could involve restrictive covenants relating to financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, and could require us to use a portion of our cash flows to make debt service payments, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our less leveraged peers. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities, or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock, including registration rights. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be harmed. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The requirements of being a public company and a growing and increasingly complex organization may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations increases our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increases demand on our systems and resources. 
 In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies or as market practices develop. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. 
 As a result of disclosure of information in our filings with the SEC, our business and financial condition have become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 From time to time, public companies are subject to campaigns by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special dividends, stock repurchases, management changes or sales of assets or the entire company. If stockholders attempt to effect such changes or acquire control over us, responding to such actions would be costly, time-consuming and disruptive, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial results and the value of our common stock. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees, executive officers and members of our board of directors. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco, California and consists of approximately 73,000 square feet of space under a lease that expires in July 2027. Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we abandoned two out of the four floors at this location and retained approximately 37,000 square feet. Refer to Note 18 Restructuring contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our facilities consolidation efforts. 
 We do not own any real property and we lease or otherwise rent all of our facilities. We consider our current office space adequate to meet our ongoing needs, particularly in light of our adopted Flex First work from anywhere remote policy. However, from time to time we may evaluate additional or substitute office spaces. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional facilities, as needed, on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol NEWR. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of May 17, 2023, there were 91 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, if at all. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 None. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of New Relic, Inc. under the Securities Act. 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor s 500 Index, or S P 500, and the Standard Poor s Composite 1500 Information Technology Index, or S P 1500 IT. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each index on March 31, 2018, and its relative performance is tracked through March 31, 2023. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. 
 Comparison of Cumulative Total Return 
 Among New Relic, Inc., the S P 500 Index, and the S P Composite 1500 IT Index 
 
 3/31/18 3/31/19 3/31/20 3/31/21 3/31/22 3/31/23 New Relic, Inc. 100.00 133.16 62.39 82.95 90.23 101.58 S P 500 100.00 107.33 97.87 150.44 171.55 155.60 S P Composite 1500 Information Technology 100.00 113.35 121.91 202.53 240.68 227.58 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to forecast or anticipate future developments in our business, financial condition or results of operations. See the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments, except as required by law. 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), Non-GAAP Income (Loss) from Operations, a non-GAAP financial measure, is included in the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures. This non-GAAP financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. We encourage investors to carefully consider our results under GAAP, as well as our supplemental non-GAAP information and the GAAP-to-non-GAAP reconciliation included in the section titled Non-GAAP Financial Measures to more fully understand our business. 
 
 Overview 
 New Relic is an all-in-one observability platform that enables our customers to plan, build, deploy, and operate their critical digital infrastructure by harnessing the power of data. Our observability platform combines metrics, events, logs, traces, and other telemetry data with our proprietary stack of analytical tools to rapidly generate actionable, fact-based insights. Our customers use our platform to improve uptime, reliability, and operational efficiency, in order to optimize the digital experience for their customers as well as within their organizations. Our goal is to enable our customers to leverage the power of data-driven analytics to monitor, debug, and improve the performance and security of all their digital infrastructure across the organization. 
 While most observability software is targeted toward a small subset of developers that focuses on the operate phase, we believe that telemetry data is also critical to the rest of the software lifecycle, including the planning, building, and deployment phases. The New Relic platform differentiates itself by targeting the broader software development productivity market, helping them realize the value of largely dormant telemetry data that is wasted if not cultivated and analyzed in context. Our all-in-one observability platform helps remove the silos that plague organizations, empowering them to better understand their entire digital infrastructures in order to improve speed of innovation, operational excellence, system reliability, and cost management. 
 We host our applications and serve all our customers through a combination of cloud service providers and to a lesser extent our data centers whose infrastructure is managed by third parties. We continue to build out services and functionality in the public cloud with a goal to migrate our entire platform to the public cloud by the end of fiscal year 2024. At March 31, 2023, we have migrated the majority of our platform and 100 of our customer data ingest to the public cloud. We expect this migration to reduce our cost of revenue due to the reduction in hosting-related costs. Additionally, this strategy provides us flexibility to service customers in new and emerging regions and scale our deployment capabilities. We maintain a formal and comprehensive security program designed to ensure the security and integrity of our data, protect against security threats or data breaches, and prevent unauthorized access to the data of our customers. Our technology uses multi-tenant architecture, enabling all our customers to share the same version of our products and platform capabilities while securely partitioning their data. 
 Historically, our platform was sold on a subscription-based model. Since fiscal year 2021, we have been focused on shifting to a consumption-based model, and our revenues are now largely derived from consumption-based plans. We primarily sell our platform on a consumption-based model that directly relates the value our customers receive from our platform to what they pay for it in a manner that is highly intuitive and predictable for them. Customers on this pricing model pay for data ingest and provisioned users. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, 45 of our consumption-based revenues were derived from fees paid for data ingest and 55 were derived from fees paid for provisioned users. We engage with prospects and customers directly through our in-house sales teams and on our website, as well as indirectly through channel partners. Approximately 35 of our customers are on commitment contracts where they commit to an amount of spend over their contracted period in 
 42 

Table of Contents 

exchange for a discount on their usage pricing, and approximately 65 of our customers are on Pay as You Go contracts where they are charged for usage in arrears. Customers on committed contracts represent more than 90 of our total fiscal year 2023 revenue. Our contracts are typically annual or multi-year in term length and are either billed upfront or in arrears. Our average contract term length is one year. Usage in excess of the commitment is generally invoiced in arrears. Some customers still contract under subscription-based plans. We expect to phase out most subscription-based plans as contract periods end and those contracts renew onto one of our consumption-based plans. 
 We offer a free tier of our New Relic platform as part of our go-to-market strategy to encourage users to try our services and create a pipeline for paid customers. As a result, our direct sales prospects may be familiar with our platform and may already be using it in a limited fashion. A core component of our growth strategy is to provide a friction-free environment for developers to familiarize themselves with our solutions, and then offer incremental opportunities to derive additional value from our products either by in-product support, or engaging with our technically oriented customer adoption team. 
 Our revenue for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 925.6 million and 785.5 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 18 . Our gross margin for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 73 and 67 , respectively, primarily driven by the transition of our platform from local data centers to public cloud hosting providers. We continue to make significant expenditures and investments, including in personnel-related costs, sales and marketing, infrastructure and operations, and have incurred net losses in each period since our inception, including net losses attributable to New Relic of 180.2 million and 250.4 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2023 was 963.6 million. 
 Internationally, we currently offer our products in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, EMEA Asia-Pacific, APAC and other non-U.S. locations, as determined based on the billing address of our customers, and our revenue from those regions constituted 17 , 11 , and 7 , respectively, of our revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 15 , 10 , and 7 , respectively, of our revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. We believe there is an opportunity to increase our international revenue overall and as a proportion of our total revenue. As a result, we are increasingly investing in our international operations and intend to further expand our footprint in international markets. We plan to leverage commercial partnerships to expand our international footprint and believe commercial partnerships will be a highly effective way to accelerate international market penetration and lower new customer acquisition costs than had we pursued international expansion without these partnerships. 
 Our employee headcount has increased to 2,663 employees as of March 31, 2023 from 2,217 as of March 31, 2022. The increase in employee headcount was driven by our expansion plans where we hired additional team members primarily in research and development. We plan to continue to invest aggressively in the growth of our business to take advantage of our market opportunity. 
 Impact of the Current Economic Conditions and Macroeconomic Events 
 Our results of operations, including future revenue growth, will continue to be materially impacted by unfavorable market conditions in the United States and abroad that historically have reduced or disrupted the timing of business investments and spending on information technology. These unfavorable conditions and events currently include the lingering uncertainty of the global COVID-19 pandemic and the slowdown in economic activity caused by supply chain disruption, increasing inflation and interest rates, labor shortages, and Russia s invasion of Ukraine. At this point, the extent of any continuing impact to our financial condition or results of operations, including cash flows, is uncertain, particularly as these current economic conditions continue to persist for an extended period of time. While there is some recent volatility in multiple major foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, the impact of exchange rates on our operating results is not projected to be material. Other factors affecting our performance are discussed below, although we caution you that the current economic conditions and macroeconomic events may also further impact these factors. 
 We currently allow our employees to continue to work remotely if they prefer, and we will continue to evaluate our workforce strategies and operations, taking into consideration factors such as treatments, vaccine progress, and public health recommendations. We have committed to reducing our global real estate footprint as part of our Flex First philosophy that enables employees to operate in a flexible work environment. In March 2023, we approved an additional restructuring plan , consisting primarily of real estate lease termination and other associated costs. As a result of this and previously announced restructuring plans, we incurred charges of approximately 39.1 million and 12.6 million for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are described in further detail below. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Market Adoption of Our Platform . Our success, including our rate of customer expansions and renewals, is dependent on the market adoption of our platform. With the introduction of new technologies, the evolution of our platform and new market entrants, competition has intensified, and we expect competition to further intensify in the future. We employ a land and expand business model centered around offering a platform that is open, connected, and programmable. We believe that we have built a highly differentiated platform and we intend to continue to invest in building additional offerings, features, and functionality that expand our capabilities and facilitate the extension of our platform to new use cases. We also intend to continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions and investments in businesses and technologies to drive product and market expansion. Our ability to improve market adoption of our platform will also depend on a number of other factors, including the competitiveness and pricing of our products, offerings of our competitors, success of international expansion, and effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. 
 Product-Led Innovation and Growth. We believe we have the most intuitive and powerful observability platform in the industry and have a proven track record of innovation in our industry. We intend to build upon that reputation by continuing to broaden the capabilities and features of our platform so more engineers can use it more often. In addition, we intend to drive significant product awareness, demand, adoption, and growth in new accounts by accelerating our self-service product marketing and sales initiatives. Our free tier of service encourages users to try our platform, and our product-led self-service model enables customers to increase the value they receive from the platform by adding additional data, users, and use cases. The easy-to-use, intuitive nature of our platform allows us to engage with these potential new customers in a more cost effective manner, which significantly reduces our customer acquisition costs. 
 International Growth. International markets present a significant opportunity for us to land new customers for our platform. We believe that leveraging commercial partnerships is a highly effective way to acquire new customers at low acquisition costs, while enabling these customers to realize value from our observability platform more rapidly. We intend to develop new relationships and leverage our existing relationships with distributors, resellers, service partners, hyperscalers, and global system integrators to grow our sales pipeline and drive new use cases as more businesses around the world accelerate their cloud native journey. Our ability to successfully expand within international markets will have a significant impact on our future operating performance. 
 Pricing Strategy. Since introducing our consumption-based model in fiscal year 2021, our customers have responded favorably. With our consumption-based model, our customers are charged based on actual usage, and we price all telemetry sources at the same rate without overage penalties. This removes barriers to adoption as it easily allows our customers to plan usage and forecast spend. We also offer varying commitment plans to best meet the needs of our customers, irrespective of size and maturity. As the power of our platform continues to grow and we help our customers solve their problems, we believe our customers will increase the number of users and the amount of data ingested into our platform. As such, we believe that our shift from a subscription-based pricing plan to a consumption-based pricing plan will better meet the needs of our customers and increase our ability to attract and convert free users into new paying customers. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, approximately 76 of our revenues pertained to consumption-based pricing plans. 
 Retention and Expansion. A key factor in our success is the retention and expansion of our platform usage with our existing customers. In order for us to continue to grow our business, it is important to generate additional revenue from our existing customers, and we intend to do this in several ways. As a customer ramps on our platform, we transition to a more traditional direct sales, or sales-led, model to help the customer expand the use of our platform and the value they receive. Our existing customer base consists of more than 16,000 paid customers across multiple industry verticals and regions, providing us with a large market opportunity to grow our revenue by facilitating greater platform engagement and addressing new use cases. Our ability to retain existing customers and expand their usage of our platform will significantly impact our future revenues and revenue growth. 
 Cloud Optimization and Other Efficiency Initiatives. We have identified and are in the process of implementing several key initiatives for expanding our operating margin. For example, we have been optimizing our infrastructure by migrating from our own data centers to a significantly more efficient public cloud model to better match our growing demand and our operating costs. We have also begun leveraging the strengths of multiple cloud providers to gain efficiencies for our platform and our cost structure. As of March 31, 2023, we have migrated the majority of our platform to the public cloud, and we expect to complete this migration by the end of fiscal year 2024. Additionally, as we have continued to develop and expand our consumption-based model, we have gained critical insights into the varying components of the cost of the data, which has enabled us to better align our pricing and drive gross margins. Our ability to effectively identify and implement these efficiency initiatives will significantly impact our future operating expenses and gross margin. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Key Operating Metrics 
 We review the following key metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, and make key strategic decisions. The calculation of the key operating metrics discussed below may differ from other similarly titled metrics used by other companies, securities analysts, or investors. 
 Number of Active Customer Accounts. We believe the number of Active Customer Accounts is an important indicator of the growth of our business, the market adoption of our platform, and future revenue trends. We define an Active Customer Account at the end of any period as an individual account, as identified by a unique account identifier, aggregated at the parent hierarchy level, for which we have recognized any revenue in the fiscal quarter. For clarity, one customer with several individual accounts at its subsidiary levels would be collectively recognized as one Active Customer Account. As our customers grow their businesses and extend the use of our platform, they sometimes create multiple customer accounts with us for operational or other reasons. As such, when we identify a parent organization that has created a new Active Customer Account, this new Active Customer Account is combined with, and revenue from this new Active Customer Account is included with, the original Active Customer Account. In addition, our Active Customer Accounts metric is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity. We round the number of Active Customer Accounts that we report as of a particular date down to the nearest hundred. 
 For the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, we had 16,000 Active Customer Accounts, which is up from 14,800 Active Customer Accounts for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022 and is up sequentially from 15,700 Active Customer Accounts for the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Mar 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Active Customer Accounts 16,000 15,700 15,300 15,100 
 Number of Active Customer Accounts with Revenue Greater than 100,000. Large customer relationships generally lead to scale and operating leverage in our business model. Compared with smaller customers, large customers present a greater opportunity for us to sell additional capacity because they often have larger budgets, a wider range of potential use cases, and greater potential for migrating new workloads to our platform over time. As a measure of our ability to scale with our customers and attract large enterprises to our platform, we count the number of Active Customer Accounts for which we have recognized greater than 100,000 in revenue in the trailing 12-months. 
 For the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, we had 1,229 Active Customer Accounts with trailing 12-month revenue over 100,000, which was a 12 increase compared to 1,099 for the three-month period ended as of March 31, 2022 and a 2 increase compared to 1,203 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Mar 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Active Customer Accounts > 100,000 1,229 1,203 1,171 1,137 
 Percentage of Revenue from Active Customer Accounts Greater than 100,000 . In addition to the number of Active Customer Accounts with revenue greater than 100,000, we also look at our percentage of overall revenue we receive from those accounts in any given quarter as an indicator of our relative performance when selling to our large customer relationships compared to our smaller revenue accounts. An increase in the percentage of revenue reflects relative higher growth in our large customer relationships, whereas a decrease in the percentage reflects relative higher growth in our performance with smaller revenue customers. 
 Our percentage of revenue from Active Customers with trailing 12-month revenue greater than 100,000 was 85 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, compared to 82 for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022 and 84 for the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Mar 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Percentage of Active Customer Accounts > 100,000 85 84 83 83 
 Net Revenue Retention Rate. We believe the growth of our platform by our existing Active Customer Accounts is an important measure of the health of our business and our future growth prospects. We monitor our net revenue retention rate NRR to measure this growth. We expect our NRR to increase when Active Customer Accounts increase their usage of a product, extend their usage of a product to new applications, or adopt a new product. We expect our NRR to decrease when Active Customer Accounts cease or reduce their usage of a product. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

To calculate NRR, we first identify the cohort of Active Customer Accounts that were Active Customer Accounts in the same quarter of the prior fiscal year. Next, we identify the measurement period as the 12-month period ending with the period reported and the prior comparison period as the corresponding period in the prior year. NRR is the quotient obtained by dividing the revenue generated from a cohort of Active Customer Accounts in the measurement period by the revenue generated from that same cohort in the prior comparison period. 
 Our NRR decreased year-over-year to 118 for the period ended March 31, 2023 compared to 119 for the period ended March 31, 2022 and remained consistent quarter-over-quarter from 118 for the period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Mar 31, 2023 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Net Revenue Retention Rate 118 118 119 120 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We primarily contract with our customers under consumption-based plans. These consumption-based plans tightly align the value our customers receive from our platform with what our customers ultimately pay. Customers on these consumption-based plans pay for data ingest and provisioned users. We have been contracting with our customers under consumption-based plans since fiscal year 2021. Our current revenues are largely derived from these plans. Prior to fiscal year 2021, we primarily contracted with our customers under subscription-based plans. The majority of our customers contract with us under committed spend contracts where they commit to an amount of spend over the contracted period in exchange for a discount on usage pricing or contract with us under Pay as You Go contracts where they are charged for usage in arrears. Our contracts are typically annual or multi-year in term length and are billed upfront or in arrears. Usage in excess of the commitment is generally invoiced in arrears. Some customers still contract under subscription-based plans. We expect to phase out most subscription-based plans as contract periods end and those contracts renew onto one of our consumption-based plans. 
 We have and may continue to experience volatility from our remaining performance obligations and deferred revenue as a result of our shift to a consumption-based model. We had remaining performance obligations of 808.1 million and 706.1 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, consisting of both billed and unbilled consideration. Deferred revenue consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue being recognized, and can fluctuate with changes in billing frequency and other factors. As a result of these factors, as well as the mix of consumption-based and subscription-based plans and billing frequencies, we do not believe that changes in our remaining performance obligations and deferred revenue in a given period are directly correlated with our revenue growth in that period. 
 Our remaining performance obligations were 808.1 million as of March 31, 2023, of which we expect approximately 73 to be recognized as revenue in the 12 months ending March 31, 2024 based on historical customer consumption patterns. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognized from our remaining performance obligations are generally dependent upon customers future consumption, which is inherently variable and can extend beyond the original contract term in cases where customers are permitted to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally on the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. 
 Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher cash collections in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and to a lesser extent our third fiscal quarter of each year. With our shift to a consumption-based model, we expect over time that our revenue will more closely approximate our customer usage of our products and services, and thereby our revenue may experience seasonal fluctuations based upon our customer consumption patterns. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists of expenses relating to hosting-related costs, salaries and benefits of operations and global customer support personnel, data center operations, depreciation and amortization, consulting costs, and payment processing fees. Personnel-related costs consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, and stock-based compensation. We plan to continue increasing the capacity, capability, and reliability of our infrastructure to support the expected growth of our customer adoption and the number of products we offer, as customer usage is expected to continue to grow. Additionally, we are continuing to build out services and functionality in the public cloud, and have largely migrated our platform from third-party data center hosting facilities to public cloud hosting providers. While the transition to cloud hosting providers is largely complete, we are continuing to increase our efficiency regarding public cloud usage. We expect our transition to the public cloud to shift our hosting-related costs to a more variable cost structure rather than a fixed cost structure. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit and Margin 
 Gross profit is equal to revenue less cost of revenue. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenue. Our gross margin has been, and will continue to be, affected by a number of factors, including the timing and extent of our investments in our hosting-related costs, operations and global customer support personnel, and the amortization of capitalized software. As we have largely transitioned our platform to the public cloud, gross margin has increased during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. We expect additional efficiency in our cloud usage and for gross margin to continue increasing in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 as we continue to close legacy data centers and scale our public cloud usage to reduce costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Personnel-related costs, which consist of salaries, benefits, bonuses, stock-based compensation and, with regard to sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions, are the most significant component of our operating expenses. 
 Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and an allocation of our general overhead expenses. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on increasing our platform s functionality by adding new products and features while enhancing the ease of use of our existing products. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we had nine major product launches and enhancements and expect to have a similar number of major product launches and enhancements in fiscal year 2024 based on our product roadmap. We capitalize the portion of our software development costs that meets the criteria for capitalization. 
 We plan to continue to hire employees for our engineering, product management, and design teams to support our research and development efforts. Although our research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period depending on fluctuations in our revenue and the timing and extent of our research and development activities, we expect our research and development expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future. 
 Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel costs for our sales, marketing, and business development employees and executives. A significant majority of sales commissions are currently expensed as incurred. Previously, sales commissions attributable to acquiring new customer contracts were capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the anticipated period of benefit. Therefore, sales commission expenses are expected to be greater than sales commission payouts until the remaining capitalized amounts from prior periods have been fully expensed. Sales and marketing expenses also include the costs of our marketing and brand awareness programs, including our free tier offering. 
 In our transition to the consumption-based model, our go-to-market operations have become more efficient, and have required less investment, than in our former more traditional subscription-based model. As we continue to transition our business to the consumption-based model, we are focusing on further sales efficiency. In furtherance of this strategy shift, we have reduced our spending in sales and marketing and reallocated those funds to increase our investment in research and development. While we expect our sales and marketing expenses to decrease as a percentage of our revenue over the long term, our sales and marketing expenses, both in absolute dollars and as a percentage of our revenue, may fluctuate from period to period depending on fluctuations in our revenue and the timing and extent of our sales and marketing initiatives. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs for our administrative, legal, human resources, information technology, finance employees and executives. Also included are non-personnel costs, such as legal and other professional fees. 
 We plan to continue to expand our business both domestically and internationally, and we expect to increase the size of our general and administrative function to support the growth of our business. Although we expect our general and administrative expenses to remain flat or decrease modestly as a percentage of our revenue over the long term, we expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars for the immediate future as we continue to scale our business. General and administrative expense as a percentage of our revenue may fluctuate from period to period depending on how rapidly we decide to scale our business. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense), consists of interest income, primarily due to income earned on money market funds and short-term investments, offset by interest expense due on the 0.5 Convertible Senior Notes, and gains and losses from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations For Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 The following tables summarize our consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 and as a percentage of our revenue for those periods. For a discussion of our consolidated statement of operations data for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and as a percentage of revenue for that period, see Results of Ope rations for Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 , filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022, or our Fiscal 2022 Annual Report. For a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 , see Liquidity and Capital Resources in Part II, Item 7 of our Fiscal 2022 Annual Report. The period to pe riod comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Revenue 925,626 785,521 Cost of revenue (1) 246,383 256,279 Gross profit 679,243 529,242 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 275,299 211,856 Sales and marketing (1) 400,115 394,027 General and administrative (1) 189,072 151,912 Total operating expenses 864,486 757,795 Loss from operations (185,243) (228,553) Other income (expense): Interest income 14,321 2,862 Interest expense (4,943) (4,921) Other expense, net (66) (1,170) Loss before income taxes (175,931) (231,782) Income tax provision 2,896 323 Net loss (178,827) (232,105) Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (1,419) (18,297) Net loss attributable to New Relic (180,246) (250,402) 
 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 5,307 5,042 Research and development 57,846 48,355 Sales and marketing 49,479 48,986 General and administrative (2) 
 47,383 50,656 Total stock-based compensation expense (3) 
 160,015 153,039 
 (2) Includes 9.6 million acceleration of share-based payment expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 for one of our executives due to his departure at the end of June 2021. There was no corresponding expense for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023. 
 (3) Includes 0.5 million expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 due to the restructuring activities commenced in April 2021. There was no corresponding expense for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023. Refer to Note 18 Restructuring contained in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (as a percentage of revenue) Revenue 100 100 Cost of revenue (1) 27 33 Gross profit 73 67 Operating expenses: Research and development (1) 30 27 Sales and marketing (1) 43 50 General and administrative (1) 20 19 Total operating expenses 93 96 Loss from operations (20) (29) Other income (expense): Interest income 2 Interest expense (1) (1) Other income (expense), net Loss before income taxes (19) (30) Income tax provision Net loss (19 (30 Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (2) Net loss attributable to New Relic (19 (32 
 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (as a percentage of revenue) Cost of revenue 1 1 Research and development 6 6 Sales and marketing 5 6 General and administrative 5 6 Total stock-based compensation expense 17 19 
 Revenue Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) United States 597,975 528,922 69,053 13 EMEA 160,349 121,301 39,048 32 APAC 100,224 79,940 20,284 25 Other 67,078 55,358 11,720 21 Total revenue 925,626 785,521 140,105 18 
 Revenue increased 140.1 million, or 18 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. Our revenue from the United States increased 69.1 million, or 13 , our revenue from EMEA increased 39.0 million, or 32 , our revenue from APAC increased 20.3 million, or 25 , and our revenue from other regions increased 11.7 million, or 21 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, primarily as a result of growth in our customer base and increase in customer consumption. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Cost of Revenue Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenue 246,383 256,279 (9,896) (4) 
 Cost of revenue decreased 9.9 million, or 4 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 15.6 million decrease in hosting-related costs, consulting, and software expenses driven by our transition from third-party data center hosting facilities to public cloud hosting providers as well as credits received from our public cloud hosting providers. The decrease was partially offset by a 4.5 million increase in allocated costs, including lease restructuring costs, the impairment of certain acquired technologies, and a 1.4 million increase in personnel-related costs. 
 Gross Profit and Margin 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Gross profit 679,243 529,242 150,001 28 Gross margin 73 67 
 Gross profit increased 150.0 million, or 28 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in our revenues driven by growth in our customer base and increase in customer consumption, and a reduction in our cost of revenue driven by our transition to public cloud hosting providers, as well as other factors discussed above. 
 Research and Development Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Research and development 275,299 211,856 63,443 30 
 Research and development expenses increased 63.4 million, or 30 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel-related costs of 49.9 million, driven by an increase in headcount and compensation-related expenses and a 10.3 million increase in allocated costs, including lease restructuring, facilities, and depreciation costs. The remaining increase was driven by a 2.4 million increase in software subscription and consulting expenses and a 1.3 million increase in travel expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 400,115 394,027 6,088 2 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 6.1 million, or 2 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was attributable to a 8.4 million increase in marketing programs, a 7.2 million increase in travel expenses, and a 1.7 million increase in other miscellaneous expenses. The increase was offset by a 6.4 million decrease in personnel-related costs, a 3.7 million decrease in allocated costs, including facilities and depreciation expenses, and a 1.2 million decrease in consulting and software expense. The decrease in personnel-related costs was driven by the impact of higher commission amortization expenses incurred in the same period last year when we first shifted to a consumption-business model from our subscription-business model. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

General and Administrative Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 189,072 151,912 37,160 24 
 General and administrative expenses increased 37.2 million, or 24 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to a 23.2 million increase in allocated costs, mostly lease restructuring, and a 9.5 million increase in personnel-related costs, driven by an increase in headcount and compensation-related expenses. The remaining increase was attributable to a 3.3 million increase in travel expenses and a 1.2 million increase in other miscellaneous expenses. 
 Other Income (Expense) Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Other income (expense) 9,312 (3,229) 12,541 388 
 Other income increased by 12.5 million, or 388 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to a 11.5 million increase in interest income due to higher interest rates and a 1.0 million decrease in interest and other expenses. 
 Provision for Income Tax Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Loss before income taxes (175,931) (231,782) 55,851 24 Effective tax rate (1.6) (0.1) Income tax provision 2,896 323 2,573 797 
 Income tax expense increased 2.6 million, or 797 , from 0.3 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 to 2.9 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in U.S. tax due to a one-time benefit recorded during fiscal year 2022 related to the acquisition of CodeStream, Inc. and an increase in foreign tax expense related to uncertain tax positions. 
 Net Loss and Adjustment Attributable to Redeemable Non-controlling Interest Fiscal Year Ended March 31, Change 2023 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (1,419) (18,297) 16,878 92 
 Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest decreased by 16.9 million or 92 , in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in loss and adjustment was attributable to the redeemable non-controlling interest s adjustment to estimated redemption value of our joint venture in New Relic K.K., partially offset by our share of associated losses. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Non-GAAP Gross Margin, Non-GAAP Income (Loss) From Operations, and Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss) 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, we provide investors with certain non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss). We define non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss) as the respective GAAP balance, adjusted for, as applicable: (1) stock-based compensation expense, (2) amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized in software development costs, (3) the amortization of purchased intangibles, (4) employer payroll tax expense on equity incentive plans, (5) amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, (6) the transaction costs related to acquisitions, (7) lawsuit litigation cost and other expense, and (8) restructuring charges. We use non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss), internally to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for internal budgeting and forecasting purposes, for short- and long-term operating plans, and to evaluate our financial performance. In addition, our bonus opportunity for eligible employees and executives is based in part on non-GAAP income (loss) from operations. 
 We believe these measures are useful to investors, as a supplement to GAAP measures, in evaluating our operational performance. We have provided below a reconciliation of GAAP gross margin to non-GAAP gross margin, a reconciliation of GAAP income (loss) from operations to non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, and a reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to non-GAAP net income (loss). We believe non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations, and non-GAAP net income (loss) are useful to investors and others in assessing our operating performance due to the following factors: 
 Stock-based compensation expense and amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized in software development costs . We utilize share-based compensation to attract and retain employees. It is principally aimed at aligning their interests with those of our stockholders and at long-term retention, rather than to address operational performance for any particular period. As a result, share-based compensation expenses vary for reasons that are generally unrelated to financial and operational performance in any particular period. 
 Amortization of purchased intangibles . We view amortization of purchased intangible assets as items arising from pre-acquisition activities determined at the time of an acquisition. While these intangible assets are evaluated for impairment regularly, amortization of the cost of purchased intangibles is an expense that is not typically affected by operations during any particular period. Amortization of purchased intangibles varies in amount and frequency and is significantly impacted by the timing and size of our acquisitions. We find it useful to exclude these non-cash charges from our operating expenses to assist in budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. The use of intangible assets contributed to our revenues during the periods presented and will also contribute to our revenues in future periods. Amortization of purchased intangible assets will recur in future periods. 
 Employer payroll tax expense on equity incentive plans. We exclude employer payroll tax expense on equity incentive plans as these expenses are tied to the exercise or vesting of underlying equity awards and the price of our common stock at the time of vesting or exercise. As a result, these taxes may vary in any particular period independent of the financial and operating performance of our business. 
 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. In May 2018, we issued 500.25 million of our 0.50 convertible senior notes due 2023 (the Notes ), which bear interest at an annual fixed rate of 0.5 . The effective interest rate of the Notes wa s 5.74 . Effective April 1, 2021 we adopted ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contract on an Entity s Own Equity . As a result of the adoption, the debt conversion option and debt issuance costs previously attributable to the equity component are no longer presented in equity. Similarly, the debt discount, which was equal to the carrying value of the embedded conversion feature upon issuance, is no longer amortized into income as interest expense over the life of the instrument. This resulted in a 54.2 million decrease to the opening balance of accumulated deficit, a 100.1 million decrease to the opening balance of additional paid-in capital, and a 45.9 million increase to the opening balance of the Notes, net on the consolidated balance sheet. The debt issuance costs were amortized as interest expense. The expense for the amortization of debt issuance costs is a non-cash item, and we believe the exclusion of this interest expense will provide for a more useful comparison of our operational performance in different periods. 
 Transaction costs related to acquisitions. We may from time to time incur direct transaction costs related to acquisitions. We believe it is useful to exclude such charges because we do not consider such amounts to be part of the ongoing operation of our business. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Lawsuit litigation cost and other expense . We may from time to time incur charges or benefits related to litigation that are outside of the ordinary course of our business. We believe it is useful to exclude such charges or benefits because we do not consider such amounts to be part of the ongoing operation of our business and because of the singular nature of the claims underlying the matter. 
 Restructuring charges. In April 2021, we commenced a restructuring plan to realign our cost structure to better reflect significant product and business model innovation. In August 2022, we commenced a restructuring plan to realign our cost structure with our business needs as we moved to focus our resources on top priorities, and in March 2023, we approved a new restructuring plan in connection with the reduction of our global real estate footprint in line with our Flex First philosophy. As a result of each of these restructuring plans, we incurred charges of approximately 39.1 million and 12.6 million for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately 31.8 million consisting primarily of real estate lease terminations and other associated costs. We believe it is appropriate to exclude the restructuring charges because they are not indicative of our future operating results. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, there are limitations in using non-GAAP financial measures because the non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies in our industry and exclude expenses that may have a material impact on our reported financial results. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

The following tables present our non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and our non-GAAP net income (loss) and reconcile our GAAP gross margin to non-GAAP gross margin, GAAP loss from operations to non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and our GAAP net loss to our non-GAAP net income (loss) for the three months ended and fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 GAAP gross profit 186,101 141,792 679,243 529,242 Plus: Stock-based compensation expense 1,256 1,285 5,307 5,042 Plus: Amortization of purchased intangibles 2,383 2,291 11,433 7,649 Plus: Amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized in software development costs 560 722 4,077 2,402 Plus: Employer payroll tax on employee equity incentive plans 87 75 253 243 Plus: Restructuring charges (1) 
 1,268 1,675 Non-GAAP gross profit 191,655 146,165 701,988 544,578 GAAP gross margin 76.7 68.9 73.4 67.4 Non-GAAP adjustments 2.3 2.1 2.5 2.0 Non-GAAP gross margin 79.0 71.0 75.9 69.4 Three Months Ended March 31, Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 GAAP loss from operations (55,213) (55,747) (185,243) (228,553) Plus: Stock-based compensation expense 44,602 35,490 160,015 153,039 Plus: Amortization of purchased intangibles 2,383 2,291 11,433 7,649 Plus: Transaction costs related to acquisitions 929 361 Plus: Amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized in software development costs 560 722 4,077 2,402 Plus: Lawsuit litigation cost and other expense (69) 88 (10) Plus: Employer payroll tax on employee equity incentive plans 1,912 1,359 4,143 3,911 Plus: Restructuring charges (1) 
 31,849 39,059 12,119 Non-GAAP income (loss) from operations 26,093 (15,954) 34,501 (49,082) Three Months Ended March 31, Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 GAAP net loss (52,457) (56,391) (178,827) (232,105) Plus: Stock-based compensation expense 44,602 35,490 160,015 153,039 Plus: Amortization of purchased intangibles 2,383 2,291 11,433 7,649 Plus: Transaction costs related to acquisitions 929 361 Plus: Amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized in software development costs 560 722 4,077 2,402 Plus: Lawsuit litigation cost and other expense (69) 88 (10) Plus: Employer payroll tax on employee equity incentive plans 1,912 1,359 4,143 3,911 Plus: Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 558 591 2,381 2,357 Plus: Restructuring charges (1) 
 31,849 39,059 12,119 Non-GAAP net income (loss) 29,407 (16,007) 43,298 (50,277) 
 (1) For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, a restructuring related charge for the stock-based compensation expense of 0.5 million was included on its respective line items. There was no corresponding expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Non-GAAP income (loss) from operations and non-GAAP net income (loss) for the periods presented reflects the same trends discussed above in Results of Operations. Although we have generated non-GAAP income from operations and non-GAAP net income in the three and twelve months ended March 31, 2023, and although we expect that these numbers will 
 54 

Table of Contents 

improve over time with increased efficiencies, we have generated non-GAAP loss from operations and non-GAAP net loss in prior recent periods. 
 Free Cash Flow 
 We define free cash flow, a non-GAAP financial measure, as GAAP net cash provided by (used in) operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs. We believe information regarding free cash flow provides useful supplemental information to investors. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands): Three Months Ended March 31, Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 73,035 49,952 53,770 3,624 Capital expenditures (340) (2,601) (3,114) (5,778) Capitalized software development costs (4,684) (3,256) (16,878) (12,662) Free cash flow (Non-GAAP) 68,011 44,095 33,778 (14,816) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 36,981 (36,642) 279,881 (19,757) Net cash provided by financing activities 8,905 9,558 23,401 44,140 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Cash provided by operating activities 53,770 3,624 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 279,881 (19,757) Cash provided by financing activities 23,401 44,140 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 357,052 28,007 
 Sources of Cash and Material Cash Requirements 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the issuance of the Notes, private and public equity financings and customer payments. As disclosed in Note 7. Senior Convertible Debt , our 0.5 Convertible Senior Notes matured on May 1, 2023, and were paid in cash on the due date. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
 We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and issuance of equity or debt securities. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support research and development efforts, the timing of our public cloud migration and the related decreased spending on capital expenditures, the introduction of new and enhanced products, seasonality of our billing activities, the timing and extent of spending to support our growth strategy, the continued market acceptance of our products, and competitive pressures. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property rights. We may need or choose to raise additional funds from equity or debt securities in order to meet those capital requirements. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Our material cash requirements as of March 31, 2023 consisted of obligations under leases for office space and purchase commitments and our 0.5 Convertible Senior Notes. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

As of March 31, 2023, material cash requirements for future periods were as follows: Payments due by period Total Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years After 5 years (in thousands) Principal amount payable on the Notes (1) 500,250 500,250 Operating lease obligations (2) 58,085 14,196 23,262 18,613 2,014 Purchase obligations (3) 518,337 88,296 276,829 153,212 Total 1,076,672 602,742 300,091 171,825 2,014 
 
 (1) For additional information regarding the Notes, refer to Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Consists of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases for office space. 
 (3) Consists of future minimum payments under non-cancelable purchase commitments primarily related to hosting services and software subscriptions. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, which are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet. These accrued liabilities are not reflected in the table above, as it is unclear when these liabilities will be paid. 
 Operating Activities 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, cash provided by operating activities was 53.8 million, which was an increase of 50.1 million, or 1,384 , from cash provided by operating activities of 3.6 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by the following: 
 Decrease in net loss of 53.3 million resulting from increased revenues from new active customers and increased consumption spending. 
 Increase in non-cash charges of 21.1 million, primarily driven by an increase of 34.7 million related to the write-off of long-lived assets as part of our restructuring efforts, and an increase of 7.0 million in stock-based compensation expense. This was partially offset by a decrease of 22.7 million in depreciation and amortization expense. 
 Decrease in cash flow from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 24.3 million, primarily driven by the decrease of 47.7 million in deferred revenue, decrease of 13.4 million in the change in accounts payable, decrease of 12.1 million in the change in deferred contract acquisition costs, and decrease of 7.8 million in accrued compensation and benefits and other liabilities. The decrease in cash flow from changes in operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by an increase of 44.0 million in the change in net accounts receivables for the period, an increase of 14.3 million in the change in prepaid expenses and other assets, an increase of 4.7 million in the change in lease liabilities, and an increase of 3.1 million in the change in lease right-of-use assets. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 279.9 million, and was primarily a result of proceeds from the maturity and sale of short-term investments of 355.6 million and proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 2.2 million. This was partially offset by the purchase of short-term investments of 50.4 million, an increase in capitalization of software development costs of 16.9 million, purchases of property and equipment of 3.1 million, and a net payment of 7.5 million which was held back for an acquisition that occurred in the prior year. 
 Cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 19.8 million, primarily as a result of purchases of short-term investments of 301.1 million, increases in capitalization of software development costs of 12.7 million, cash paid for acquisitions of 7.2 million, and purchases of property and equipment of 5.8 million. These were offset by proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments of 305.9 million and sale of property and equipment of 1.0 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 23.4 million, primarily as a result of proceeds from our employee stock purchase plan of 13.6 million and proceeds from exercise of employee stock options of 9.8 million. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 44.1 million, primarily as a result of proceeds from exercise of employee stock options of 31.9 million and proceeds from our employee stock purchase plan of 12.3 million. 
 
 Critical Estimates 
 We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, GAAP ). In the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements; therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations would be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 We believe that accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions, and judgments have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generate revenue from consumption-based and subscription-based agreements that allow customers to access our platform over the internet as a service. We typically sell (1) a subscription-based agreement for a committed contractual amount that is apportioned ratably over the term of the subscription period, (2) a consumption-based agreement for a committed contractual amount where the committed contractual amount is drawn down as usage occurs and may or may not include a usage overage component, and (3) a consumption-based arrangement that is billed based on usage Pay as You Go ). 
 We recognize usage above the commitment for consumption-based agreements as revenue either as usage occurs or ratably over time based on an estimate of total usage above the commitment. We estimate total usage above the commitment using historical data together with forward looking factors to project usage for the remaining term of the contract. The estimated consumption-based revenues are constrained to the amount we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for providing access to our platform. Revenue from subscription-based agreements is recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual subscription period of the agreement. 
 Business Combinations 
 We make certain judgments to determine whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or as business combinations. While we use our best estimates and assumptions as a part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. Significant estimates in valuing certain identifiable assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired contracts, technology, useful lives, and discount rates. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill to the extent that we identify adjustments to the preliminary purchase price allocation. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Software Development Costs 
 We capitalize certain development costs incurred in connection with our internal use software and website. These capitalized costs are primarily related to our software tools that are hosted by us and accessed by our customers on a subscription basis. Costs incurred in the preliminary stages of development are expensed as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage, internal and external costs, if direct and incremental, are capitalized until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalization ceases upon completion of all substantial testing. We also capitalize costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable the expenditures will result in additional features and functionality. Maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Internal use software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life, generally three years. 
 We exercise judgment in determining the point at which various projects may be capitalized, in assessing the ongoing value of the capitalized costs, and in determining the estimated useful lives over which the costs are amortized. To the extent that we change the manner in which we develop and test new features and functionalities related to our platform, assess the 
 57 

Table of Contents 

ongoing value of capitalized assets, or determine the estimated useful lives over which the costs are amortized, the amount of internal-use software development costs we capitalize and amortize could change in future periods. 
 Restructuring Charges 
 We recognize liabilities for contract exit-related and employee separation costs related to certain restructuring activities. For future costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract terminations, we recognize a liability at estimated fair value at the earlier of contract termination or the cease-use date. We recognize other contract exit-related costs as incurred. We recognize employee separation costs, including one-time termination benefits, as liabilities measured at their estimated fair value at the time of communication to employees, unless future service is required, in which case we recognize the costs ratably over the future service period. Ongoing termination benefits are recognized as liabilities and measured at their estimated fair value when the amount of such benefits are probable and reasonably estimable. 
 We make certain judgments and estimates with respect to the timing and amount of our restructuring liabilities using the best information available at the time of recognition. While we use our best estimate for timing and amounts, our estimates can change when the underlying facts and circumstances change subsequent to the date the original liability was recorded. If actual results differ, or if we determine revised estimates are necessary, we may record additional liabilities or reverse a portion of existing liabilities. If our restructuring activities impact our long-lived assets, we assess those impacted assets for recoverability, and may recognize an impairment or accelerate depreciation and amortization reflecting the shortened useful lives for the associated assets. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our subscription and consumption-based agreements are denominated in U.S. dollars. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies and subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro and Japanese Yen. Additionally, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses in our statements of operations. As exchange rates may fluctuate significantly between periods, our non-U.S. dollar denominated revenue and operating expenses may also experience significant fluctuations between periods as we convert these to U.S. dollars. Volatile market conditions arising from the macro environment have and may in the future result in significant changes in exchange rates, and in particular a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar has and may in the future negatively affect our revenue expressed in U.S. dollars. As the impact of foreign currency exchange rates are not projected to be material to our operating results, we have not engaged in any foreign currency hedging transactions. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to managing the risks relating to fluctuations in currency rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 625.7 million as of March 31, 2023, consisting of bank deposits and money market funds. These interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. To date, fluctuations in our interest income have not been significant. We have an agreement to maintain cash balances at a financial institution of no less than 5.8 million as collateral for several letters of credit in favor of our landlords. The letters of credit carry a fixed interest rate of 1 . 
 We had short-term investments of 254.1 million as of March 31, 2023, consisting of certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, and U.S. treasury securities. Our investments in marketable securities are made for capital preservation purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. 
 A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

In March 2018, we issued 500.25 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. The fair value of the Notes is subject to interest rate risk, market risk and other factors due to the conversion feature in the Notes. The fair value of the Notes will generally increase as our common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of the Notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. Additionally, we carry the Notes at face value less unamortized issuance on our balance sheet, and we present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 NEW RELIC, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 67 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

60 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Relic, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New Relic, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated May 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company generates revenue from subscription-based and consumption-based agreements that allow customers to access its products and/or platform over the internet as a service. Generally, subscription revenue is recognized on a ratable basis over the contractual subscription period of the agreement beginning when or as control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer. Revenue related to consumption-based agreements involve the customer agreeing to a committed contractual amount where the committed amount is drawn down as a usage occurs and may or may not include a usage overage component. Revenue related to commitment contracts that have excess usage either recognizes the usage as incurred or as an estimated amount of the usage above the minimum commitment. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s revenue was 925.6 million. 
 Management applies significant judgment in evaluating the revenue recognition impact of contractual terms in customer agreements, specifically contractual terms that could result in recognizing material rights or different revenue recognition patterns. In addition, management exercises significant judgement in estimating the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price. Given these factors, the related audit effort in evaluating management s judgment in determining revenue recognition was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the revenue recognition process, including controls related to the evaluation of the revenue recognition impact of contractual terms in customer agreements and estimating variable consideration. 
 We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition for reasonableness and compliance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We selected a sample of recorded revenue transactions and performed the following procedures: 
 Obtained and read customer source documents and the contract for each selection, including master agreements and related amendments to evaluate if relevant contractual terms have been appropriately considered by management. 
 Evaluated management s application of their accounting policy and tested revenue recognition for each selection by comparing management s conclusions to the underlying master agreement and any related amendments. 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 
 We tested the amounts of variable consideration by performing a combination of procedures, including testing the operating effectiveness of related controls and performing test of details. These procedures include: 
 Tested the operating effectiveness of the related controls. 
 Evaluated the model used by management to estimate the variable consideration by testing the inputs for reasonableness and performing a look-back testing. 
 Recalculated the amount of variable consideration for a sample of recorded transactions. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 May 23, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

NEW RELIC, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 March 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred contract acquisition costs Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred contract acquisition costs, non-current Lease right-of-use assets Other assets, non-current Total assets Liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Other current liabilities Convertible senior notes, current Deferred revenue Lease liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible senior notes, net Lease liabilities, non-current Deferred revenue, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interest Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022; shares and shares issued at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022; and shares and shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
 Treasury stock at cost shares) 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest and stockholders equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

NEW RELIC, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense): Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision Net loss ) ) ) Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) ) Net loss attributable to New Relic per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

NEW RELIC, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to New Relic ) ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

NEW RELIC, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at March 31, 2020 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock for vested restricted and performance stock units ) Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock related to acquisition of business Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) Balance at March 31, 2021 ) ) ) Effect of adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock for vested restricted and performance stock units ) Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to acquisition of business Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) Balance at March 31, 2022 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock for vested restricted and performance stock units ) Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock related to acquisition of business Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income, net Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

NEW RELIC, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss attributable to New Relic ) ) ) Net loss and adjustment attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest (Note 3) Net loss: ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Loss on facilities exit Non-cash charges related to restructuring activities Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisition of businesses: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) ) Lease right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation and benefits and other liabilities Lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale and maturity of short-term investments Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest and income taxes Noncash investing and financing activities: Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of business Property and equipment purchased but not paid yet Acquisition holdback 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

68 

Table of Contents 

The Company did not identify any investments as other-than-temporarily impaired as of March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022. 
 There has been no such adjustment as of March 31, 2023. 
 for employee-related computers and software, for other office equipment and site-related computer hardware, and for furniture. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease-term or the estimated useful life of the related asset. Down payments for property and equipment are recorded at cost and included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Once the corresponding property and equipment item has been received, it will be reclassified to property and equipment then depreciated. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

For all periods presented, the allowance for doubtful accounts activity was not significant. 
 . 
 The Company capitalized million, million, and million in internal use software during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Included in the capitalized development costs were million, million, and million of stock-based compensation costs for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense totaled million, million, and million during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The net book value of capitalized internal use software as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, which is recorded in property and equipment on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company amortizes capitalized implementation costs over the expected life of the service contract. The Company capitalized million, million, and million in implementation costs for software hosting arrangements during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense totaled million, million, and million during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company recognized million, million, and in restructuring costs during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, the Company accrued million in restructuring reserves for other lease exit costs and million in lease liabilities. There were no corresponding reserves for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Advertising expense was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 For the fiscal years presented, the Company had not impaired any of its long-lived assets. 
 Since inception through March 31, 2023, the Company has not had any goodwill impairment. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash were concentrated in the United States. The Company has not experienced any losses on cash and cash equivalents to date. The Company does not believe that it is subject to unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with typical commercial banking relationships. For the purpose of assessing concentrations of credit risk and customer significance, a group of customers under common control or customers that are affiliates of each other are regarded as a single customer. There were no customers that represented more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. In addition, there were no customers that individually exceeded 10 of the Company s revenue during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 . 
 72 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 million consisted of approximately (i) million in cash (of which t he Company held back approximately million for months after the transaction closing date for indemnification purposes, which has been accrued as a long-term liability and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately million, after taking into account the holdback arrangement with the K2 founders, as described below. The fair value of the consideration transferred was determined based on a per share price of the Company s common stock on the closing date of the acquisition. 
 The total purchase price was allocated to the developed technology acquired with an estimated useful life o f and net assets assumed. Deferred tax related to the developed technology was deemed immaterial. The excess purchase price was recorded as goodwill, as set forth below. Goodwill generated from the acquisition was attributable to expected synergies from future growth and was not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Fair value of common shares Total consideration Post-business combination compensation expense ) Total purchase price Net assets assumed ) Developed technology acquired ) Goodwill 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The estimated fair value of developed technology acquired of million was determined through the use of a third-party valuation firm using cost approach methodology. The direct transaction costs of the acquisition were accounted for separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred. The business combination did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and therefore historical and pro forma disclosures have not been presented. 
 The acquisition also included a holdback arrangement with the two founders of K2, totaling approximately shares of the Company s common stock, contingent upon their continued employment with the Company. The fair value of these awards, which are subject to the recipients continued service, was million and was excluded from the aggregate purchase price. These awards are recognized as stock-based compensation expenses over the vesting period, which is and months for the two founders, respectively. 
 CodeStream Inc. 
 On June 8, 2021, the Company acquired all of the equity interests in CodeStream Inc. CodeStream ), a company that provides an integrated developer collaboration platform. The aggregate purchase price of million consisted of approximately million in cash (of which t he Company held back approximately million from the aggregate purchase price for months after the transaction closing date, and all of which was subsequently paid out in December 2022 in accordance with the holdback term and shares of the Company s common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately million. The fair value of the consideration transferred was determined based on a per share price of the Company s common stock on the closing date of the acquisition. The total purchase price was allocated to the developed technology acquired with an estimated useful life o f , net assets assumed, and a deferred tax liability related to the developed technology. The excess purchase price was recorded as goodwill. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The estimated fair value of developed technology acquired of million was determined through the use of a third-party valuation firm using cost approach methodology. The business combination did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and therefore historical and proforma disclosures have not been presented. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s common stock, contingent upon their continued employment with the Company. The fair value of these awards, which are subject to the recipients continued service, was million and was excluded from the aggregate purchase price. These awards are being recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period, which is months. 
 Fair value of common shares issued Total consideration Post-business combination compensation expense ) Total purchase price Net assets assumed ) Deferred tax liabilities Developed technology acquired ) Goodwill 
 Pixie Labs Inc. 
 On December 22, 2020, the Company acquired all of the equity interests in Pixie Labs Inc. Pixie Labs ), a company that provides a next-generation machine intelligence observability solution for developers using Kubernetes. The aggregate purchase price of million consisted of approximately million in cash (of which million was held in escrow for months after the transaction closing date) and shares of Company common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately million. The fair value of the consideration transferred was determined based on a per share price of the Company s common stock. 
 The total purchase price was allocated to the developed technology acquired with an estimated useful life of , net assets assumed, and a deferred tax liability related to the developed technology. The excess purchase price was recorded as goodwill, as set forth below. Goodwill generated from the acquisition is attributable to expected synergies from future growth and is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Fair value of common shares issued Total consideration Post-business combination compensation expense ) Total purchase price Net assets assumed ) Deferred tax liabilities Developed technology acquired ) Goodwill 
 The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The direct transaction costs of the acquisition have been accounted for separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred. Total direct transaction costs incurred by the Company were million, which were included in general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021. The Company paid million in acquisition-related expenses incurred by Pixie Labs related to Pixie Labs advisors which were included as part of the purchase consideration. The business combination did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and therefore historical and proforma disclosures have not been presented. 
 The acquisition also included a holdback arrangement with certain employees of Pixie Labs, totaling approximately shares of the Company s common stock, contingent upon their continued employment with the Company. The fair value of these awards, which are subject to the recipients continued service, was million and was excluded from the 
 74 

Table of Contents 

months to months. 

3. 
 million million Japanese Yen) in exchange for of the outstanding common stock of New Relic K.K. On August 21, 2019, the Company and Investors additionally contributed approximately million million Japanese Yen) and approximately million million Japanese Yen), respectively, to subscribe to additional shares. As of March 31, 2023, the Company owned approximately of the outstanding common stock in New Relic K.K. 
 All of the common stock held by the Investors may be callable by the Company or puttable by the Investors upon certain contingent events. Should the call or put option be exercised, the redemption value would be determined based on a prescribed formula derived from the discrete revenues of New Relic K.K. and the Company and may be settled, at the Company s discretion, with Company stock or cash. As a result of the put right available to the redeemable non-controlling interest holders in the future, the redeemable non-controlling interest in New Relic K.K. is classified outside of permanent equity in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2023, and the balance is reported at the greater of the initial carrying amount adjusted for the redeemable non-controlling interest s share of earnings or losses, or its estimated redemption value. Accordingly, the Company adjusted the redeemable non-controlling interest by million at March 31, 2023. 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) ) Adjustment to redeemable non-controlling interest Balance, end of period 

4. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

million and million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. The Company has no asset impairment charges related to contract assets for the periods presented. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Contributions from contract asset ) ) Billings Revenue recognized ) ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately and , respectively, of total revenue recognized was from the deferred revenue balances at the beginning of each period. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in revenue from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. 
 million and million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, amortization from amounts capitalized was million and million, respectively. In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, amounts expensed as incurred were million and million, respectively. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The Company s contracts with customers generally include one main performance obligation, which is access to its SaaS-based products and platform. Within the main performance obligation, each service is generally considered a distinct stand-ready obligation that is recognized over the contract term based on the passage of time. As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate unrecognized transaction price of the Company s remaining performance obligations was million. The Company expects approximately to be recognized as revenue in the 12 months ending March 31, 2024, approximately of the balance as revenue in the 24 months following March 31, 2023, and the remainder thereafter based on historical customer consumption patterns. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition are generally dependent upon customers future consumption, which is inherently variable at customers discretion and can extend beyond the original contract term in cases where customers are permitted to roll over unused capacity to future periods, generally on the purchase of additional capacity at renewal. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Consumption Total revenue 
 For disaggregated revenue by geography, refer to Note 16 Revenue by Geographic Location. 

5. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Short-term investments: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds U.S. treasury securities Restricted cash: Money market funds Total Included in cash and cash equivalents Included in short-term investments Included in restricted cash 
 Fair Value Measurements as of March 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents: Money market funds Short-term investments: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds U.S. treasury securities Restricted cash: Money market funds Total Included in cash and cash equivalents Included in short-term investments Included in restricted cash 
 There were no transfers between fair value measurement levels during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total available-for-sale investments ) 
 The Company reviews its debt securities classified as short-term investments on a regular basis for impairment. For debt securities in unrealized loss positions, the Company determines whether any portion of the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis is due to credit-related factors where the Company neither intends to sell nor anticipates that it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. The Company consider factors such as the extent to which the market value has been less than the cost, any noted failure of the issuer to make scheduled payments, changes to the rating of the security, and other relevant credit-related factors in determining whether or not a credit loss exists. During the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not recognize an allowance for credit-related losses on any of its investments. 
 As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, securities that were in an unrealized loss position for more than 12 months were million and million, respectively. The unrealized losses were caused by changes in market interest rates or the widening of market spreads subsequent to the initial purchase of these securities, and not related to the underlying credit of the issuers or the underlying collateral. The unrealized losses on these investments are not considered other-than-temporary impairment, because the decline in fair value is not attributable to credit quality and because the Company does not intend, and it is not likely that it will be required, to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. As a result, the Company did not consider any available-for-sale securities to be impaired as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Due after one year and within three years Total 
 For certain other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other current liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate their fair value due to the relatively short maturity of these balances. 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 As of March 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s convertible senior notes due 2023 (the Notes was million. The fair value was determined based on the quoted price of the Notes in an inactive market on the last trading day of the reporting period and has been classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Site operation equipment Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Capitalized software development costs Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

7. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes in a private offering, including million in aggregate principal amount of Notes pursuant to the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase additional Notes. The Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and bear interest at a fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 1 and November 1 of each year, commencing on November 1, 2018. The Notes matured on May 1, 2023, and were fully paid in cash on the due date. Each 1,000 principal amount of the Notes will initially be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock (the Conversion Option ), which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the Notes. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date, the Company will increase the conversion rate, in certain circumstances, for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event. The Notes became convertible at the option of their holders on November 1, 2022. 
 Until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, at the option of the holder. On November 1, 2022, the Company was deemed to have elected to settle all conversions on or after November 1, 2022, with cash up to the principal amount of the Notes and shares for any excess conversion value. 
 In accounting for the transaction, the Notes were separated into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar debt instrument that does not have an associated conversion feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the Conversion Option was million and was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the proceeds received upon issuance of the Notes. The equity component was recorded in additional paid-in capital and is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. The excess of the principal amount of the Notes over the liability component (the Debt Discount and the debt issuance costs were amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of the Notes at an effective interest rate of . This rate is inclusive of the issuance costs. 
 In accounting for the debt issuance costs of million related to the Notes, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components using the same proportions as the proceeds of the Notes. Issuance costs attributable to the liability component were million and were amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the Notes. Issuance costs attributable to the equity component were million and netted with the equity component in additional paid-in capital. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company adopted ASU No. 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contract on an Entity s Own Equity . As a result of the adoption, the Conversion Option of million and issuance costs of million previously attributable to the equity component are no longer be presented in equity. Similarly, the debt discount, which was equal to the carrying value of the embedded conversion feature upon issuance, is no longer amortized into income as interest expense over the life of the instrument. As a result, the Company recorded a million decrease to the opening balance of accumulated deficit, a million decrease to the opening balance of additional paid-in capital, and a million increase to the opening balance of the Notes, net on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

. Unamortized issuance costs ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Contractual interest expense Total interest expense 
 In connection with the offering of the Notes, the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain financial institutions (the Capped Calls ). The Capped Calls each have an initial strike price of approximately per share, subject to certain adjustments, which correspond to the initial conversion price of the Notes. The Capped Calls have initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, approximately million shares of the Company s common stock. Conditions that cause adjustments to the initial strike price of the Capped Calls mirror conditions that result in corresponding adjustments for the Notes. The Capped Calls are generally intended to reduce potential dilution to holders of the Company s common stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset, as the case may be, subject to a cap based on the cap price. For accounting purposes, the Capped Calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of the Notes. As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the Capped Calls are recorded in stockholders equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of million incurred in connection with the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. The net impact related to stockholders equity has been included in additional paid-in capital and was a result of the issuance costs of million and the purchase of Capped Calls noted above in the amount of million. 

8. 
 million and million, respectively. Refer to Note 2 Business Combinations for more information. 
 Goodwill acquired Goodwill as of March 31, 2023 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company impaired certain intangible assets acquired as part of historical acquisitions, resulting in a write-down of the full book value of million, net of accumulated amortization of million. The impairment expense is included in cost of revenue on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 ) 
 Purchased intangible assets subject to amortization as of March 31, 2022 consisted of the following (in thousands): Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Developed technology ) 
 81 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively, and is included in cost of revenue on the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 2025 2026 

9. 
 Accrued tax liabilities Other Total other current liabilities 

10. 
 million, including million for accelerated depreciation of right-of-use assets where the Company has ceased the use of the space or the closing process has commenced, and million for the impairment and accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements for certain facilities. Of this amount, the Company incurred lease exit costs of million in connection with the restructuring plan approved by the Company s Board of Directors in March 2023 (Refer to Note 18, Restructuring for more information), including million for accelerated depreciation of right-of-use assets where the Company has ceased the use of the space or the closing process has commenced, and million for impairment and accelerated depreciation of leasehold improvements for certain facilities. The remaining lease exit costs of million relates to costs incurred prior to January 1, 2023 that were not related to the restructuring plan approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Liabilities Lease liabilities Lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities ) 
 
 ) Includes million pertaining to exited leases subject to our global facility reduction activities. Refer to Note 18. Restructuring for more information. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining lease term was years and the weighted average discount rate was . 
 82 

Table of Contents 

Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense 
 The following table presents supplemental cash flow information about the Company s leases (in thousands): 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (1) 
 (1) Includes the impact of new leases as well as remeasurements and modifications to existing leases. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 

11. 
 million and million, respectively, primarily related to data center, cloud and hosting services. 
 In September 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a public cloud hosting provider, under which it now has a total minimum commitment of million, which has been included in the commitment balance as of March 31, 2023 above. 
 Other Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company may agree to indemnify third parties with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors, and parties to other transactions with the Company, with respect to certain matters. The Company has agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third-party claims that the Company s products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. To date, the Company has not incurred any costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in the consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Company indemnifies its officers, directors, and certain key employees while they are serving in good faith in their respective capacities. The Company does not currently believe there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred under these indemnification obligations. To date, there have been no claims under any such indemnification provisions. 
 Legal Reserves and Typical Proceedings The Company is involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company makes a provision for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other information and events pertaining to a particular case. Unless otherwise specifically disclosed in this note, the Company has determined that no provision for liability nor disclosure is required related to any claim against the Company because: (a) there is not a 
 83 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 RSUs outstanding PSUs outstanding Available for future stock option, RSU, and PSU grants Available for future employee stock purchase plan awards 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company s board of directors adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the Company s 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), which became effective in December 2014. The ESPP initially reserved and authorized the issuance of up to shares of common stock. The ESPP provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the ESPP automatically increases each April, beginning on April 1, 2015, by the lesser of shares, of the number of the Company s common stock shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding March 31, or such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s board of directors. Offering periods are generally long and begin on February 15th and August 15th of each year. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, million shares of common stock were purchased under the ESPP at an average price of . For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, million shares of common stock were purchased under the ESPP at an average price of . For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, million shares of common stock were purchased under the ESPP at an average price of . The intrinsic value of shares purchased during the twelve months ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the market value on the date of purchase and the purchase price of the shares. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, a total of million, million, and million of stock-based compensation expense was recognized related to the ESPP, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, shares of common stock were available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan The Company s board of directors adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2008 Plan, in February 2008. The 2008 Plan was terminated in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), and accordingly, shares are available for future issuance under this plan. The 2008 Plan continues to govern outstanding awards granted thereunder. 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan The Company s board of directors adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ), which became effective in December 2014. The 2014 Plan serves as the successor to the Company s 2008 Plan. The 2014 Plan initially reserved and authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. Additionally, shares not issued or subject to outstanding grants under the 2008 Plan upon its termination became available under the 2014 Plan, resulting in a total of available shares under the 2014 Plan as of the effective date of the 2014 Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Plan, any shares subject to outstanding stock options or other stock awards under the 2008 Plan that (i) expire or terminate for any reason prior to exercise or settlement, (ii) are forfeited because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares or otherwise return to the Company or (iii) are reacquired, withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation in connection with an award or to satisfy the purchase price or exercise price of a stock award will become available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2014 Plan. The 2014 Plan provides that the number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the plan automatically increases each April 1, beginning on April 1, 2015, by of the outstanding number of shares of the Company s common stock shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding March 31, or such lesser number of shares as 
 84 

Table of Contents 

shares available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. 
 Granted (1) Exercised/vested ) ) ) Canceled/forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding - March 31, 2023 Options vested and expected to vest - March 31, 2023 Options vested and exercisable - March 31, 2023 RSUs and PSUs expected to vest - March 31, 2023 
 (1) The above table does not include any time-based restricted stock issued as consideration for an acquisition which are further detailed in the table below. 
 PSUs granted under the 2014 Plan are contingent upon the achievement of pre-determined market and service conditions. The number of shares of common stock to be issued at vesting will range from to of the target number based on the Company s total shareholder return TSR relative to the performance of peer companies for each measurement period, over a , cumulative, and cumulative period. In February 2023, the Company made a one-time grant to certain of its named executive officers and certain other key executives of PSUs which have a target achievement at a stock price hurdle within of the grant date. The award has a minimum stock price hurdle of to vest any award shares. Beyond the target vesting tranche at per share, two further vesting tranches are possible at the achievement of and stock price hurdles, respectively. If these market conditions are not met but service conditions are met, the PSUs will not vest; however, any stock-based compensation expense recognized to date will not be reversed. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of its PSUs and recognizes expense using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period. The PSUs presented in the table above were calculated based on expected achievement. In May 2023, subsequent to the fiscal year-end, PSUs had vested. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. Intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The total fair value of PSUs vested during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and , respectively. 
 Aggregate intrinsic value for options, RSUs, and PSUs outstanding represents the difference between the closing stock price of the Company s common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money awards. The Company s closing stock price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of March 31, 2023, the last trading day of fiscal 2023, was . 
 85 

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 2022 (2) 
 2023 (3) 
 
 (1) These shares were issued in connection with the Pixie Labs acquisition, which included a holdback arrangement with certain employees of Pixie Labs. These shares are subject to the recipients continued service and will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting periods, which range from months to months from the closing date of the acquisition. 
 (2) These shares were issued in connection with the CodeStream acquisition, which included a holdback arrangement with certain employees of CodeStream. These shares are subject to the recipients continued service and will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting periods, which range from months to months from the closing date of the acquisition. 
 (3) These shares were issued in connection with the K2 acquisition, which included a holdback arrangement with certain employees of K2. These shares are subject to the recipients continued service and will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting periods, which range from months to months from the closing date of the acquisition. 
 Employee Stock Options and ESPP Valuation The Company estimates the fair value of stock options and ESPP shares on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Each of the Black-Scholes inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgments to determine. Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield ESPP: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 2021 Expected term (years) Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 The Company bases the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent expected term of the options for each option group. 
 Expected Term 
 The Company determines the expected term based on the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding generally calculated as the midpoint of the stock options vesting term and contractual expiration period. The Company estimates the expected term for ESPP shares using the purchase period of months. 
 Expected Volatility 
 The expected volatility for options granted is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The Company did not grant any new options during the past two fiscal years. The Company uses historical volatility data when valuing ESPP shares. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative (1) 
 Total stock-based compensation expense (2) 
 
 million acceleration of share-based payment expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, for one of the Company s executives due to his departure at the end of June 2021. 
 (2) Includes million expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, due to the restructuring activities commenced in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. Refer to Note 18. Restructuring for more information. 
 As of March 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to outstanding unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. As of March 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to outstanding unvested stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. As of March 31, 2023, unrecognized stock-based compensation cost related to PSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

13.) ) ) Foreign Total ) ) ) 
 ) Foreign Total current provision Deferred Provision: Federal ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred provision ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 87 

Table of Contents 

Effect of: State taxes, net of federal benefits Stock-based compensation ) ) Research and development credits, net of ASC 740-10 Return to provision and prior year adjustments ) Permanent items ) ) ) Foreign taxes Uncertain tax positions ) Other Valuation allowance ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) ) 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Depreciation and amortization Capitalized research and development Net operating loss and other attribute carryforwards Stock based compensation Research and development credits Lease liability Convertible debt Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaids ) ) Intangibles ) ) Deferred expenses ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) 
 The Company accounts for deferred taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes , which requires a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the ASC 740 more-likely-than-not realization threshold. This assessment considers matters such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies and results of recent operations. The evaluation of the realizability of the deferred tax assets requires that we weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. Based upon the weight of available evidence, which includes the Company s historical operating performance and the U.S. and Japan 
 88 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. We also have million of foreign net operating losses. Of the million of U.S. federal net operating losses, million are carried forward indefinitely but are limited to of taxable income and the remaining million begin to expire in 2035. The state net operating losses begin to expire in 2024. The foreign net operating losses begin to expire in 2030. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company has federal, California, and certain other state tax credit carryforwards of million, million, and million, respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards will expire beginning in 2028 if not utilized. The California credit carryforwards do not expire. The other state tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2027. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss and credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Code, and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. 
 Section 382 of the Code Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least of the Company s stock increase their ownership by more than percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The Company did experience one or more ownership changes in financial periods ending on or before March 31, 2023. In this regard, the Company believes that based on the timing of the ownership changes and the corresponding Section 382 limitations, none of its net operating losses or other tax attributes are subject to such limitation. 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): 
 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current period Additions based on tax positions taken during the prior period Reductions based on tax positions taken during the prior period ) Balance at March 31, 2021 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current period Additions based on tax positions taken during the prior period Reductions based on tax positions taken during the prior period ) Balance at March 31, 2022 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current period Additions based on tax positions taken during the prior period Reductions based on tax positions taken during the prior period ) Reductions based on statute of limitations lapse ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 As of March 31, 2023, if recognized, the unrecognized tax benefit of million would affect the effective tax rate. 
 Accrued interest and penalties of million have been recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2023, and were t material for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company does not expect it is reasonably possible the unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly over the next 12 months. 
 The Company files U.S. federal income tax returns as well as income tax returns in many U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2023, all tax years through the current period remain open to examination in the U.S. The Company is not currently subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by any tax authorities. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 million shares underlying the Conversion Option in the Notes are not considered in the calculation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive. The Notes were not converted as of March 31, 2023.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares used to compute net loss per share, basic and diluted Net loss attributable to New Relic per share basic and diluted 
 
 RSUs PSUs ESPP shares 

15. 
 million, million, and million to the 401(k) Plan, respectively. 

16. 
 EMEA APAC Other Total revenue 
 Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets were attributable to operations in the United States as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

17. 
 million, million, and million was recognized for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. There was not a significant amount of accounts receivable due from these companies as of March 31, 2023 or March 31, 2022. There was an aggregate of million in expenses related to purchases during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and expenses related to purchases from these companies during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. There was not a significant amount of accounts payable to these companies for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

18. 
 million and million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For fiscal 2023, the charges primarily consisted of facilities restructuring, employee wages, termination benefits, and asset impairments directly attributable to the restructuring activities. Most of the prior year charges consisted of cash expenditures and stock-based compensation expense which were recognized and mostly paid off in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 (1) Includes million of lease exit costs, including impairment charges and accelerated expenses related to certain operating lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements in connection with the restructuring plan approved in March 2023. 
 Restructuring accrual 
 Restructuring expenses related to severance Restructuring expenses related to other lease exit costs (1) 
 Payments of severance and other lease exit costs ) Accrued balance as of March 31, 2023 
 Included in other current liabilities Included in other liabilities, non-current 
 (1) These expenses exclude the million non-cash write-off of lease right of use assets and leasehold improvements related to the restructuring plan approved in March 2023. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

million of lease liabilities related to exited leases related to the global facility reduction plan approved in March 2023. See Note 10, Leases for the lease-related balances. 

19. 
 million outstanding principal of its Convertible Senior Notes, which matured on May 1, 2023. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our internal over control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

93 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of New Relic, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of New Relic, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated May 23, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 May 23, 2023 

94 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth under the captions Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors and Executive Officers in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, or our Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth under the captions Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, Information Regarding Committees of the Board of Directors and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth under the caption Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required information is shown in our Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Index 
 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit File Date 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 8-K 001-36766 3.1 August 19, 2021 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 8-K 001-36766 3.1 February 7, 2023 4.1 
 Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant. S-1/A 333-200078 4.1 December 1, 2014 4.2 
 Description of Capital Stock. 10-K 001-36766 4.4 May 17, 2022 10.1+ 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. S-1/A 333-200078 10.1 December 1, 2014 10.2+ 
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and related form agreements. 10-Q 001-36766 10.1 February 13, 2015 10.3+ 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements. 10-Q 001-36766 10.1 November 6, 2019 10.4+ 
 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S-8 333-201024 99.3 December 17, 2014 10.5+ 
 Form of Performance Unit Award Grant Notice under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, and related form agreements. 10-Q 001-36766 10.2+ August 5, 2020 10.6+ 
 Form of Special Performance Unit Award Grant Notice under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, and related form agreements. 8-K 001-36766 10.1 February 7, 2023 10.7+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and David Barter, dated as of August 1, 2022. 10-Q 001-36766 10.3 November 9, 2022 10.8+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and William Staples, dated as of November 22, 2019. 10-Q 001-36766 10.1 February 5, 2020 10.9+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Thomas Lloyd, dated as of August 17, 2022. 10-Q 001-36766 10.4 November 9, 2022 10.10+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Mark Dodds, dated as of August 26, 2022. 10-Q 001-36766 10.5 November 9, 2022 10.11a+ 
 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement. 10-Q 001-36766 10.1 August 4, 2022 10.11b+ 
 Form of Extension to Change in Control and Severance Agreement. 10-Q 001-36766 10.1 February 5, 2021 10.12+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Mark Sachleben, dated as of February 4, 2008. S-1 333-200078 10.8 November 10, 2014 10.13+ 
 New Relic, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended. 8-K 001-36766 99.2 June 25, 2021 10.14+ 
 Offer Letter between the Registrant and Kristy Friedrichs, dated as of February 1, 2017. 10-Q 001-36766 10.2 August 4, 2021 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Registrant. S-1 333-200078 21.1 November 10, 2014 23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. X 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this report). X 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit File Date 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 32.1 (1) 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 (1) The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Registrant s filings under the Securities Act, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not provided. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. New Relic, Inc. Date: May 23, 2023 By: /s/ David Barter David Barter Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Signatory) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints William Staples and David Barter, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ William Staples 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 May 23, 2023 William Staples (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ David Barter 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 May 23, 2023 David Barter (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 /s/ Lewis Cirne 
 Executive Chairman of the Board May 23, 2023 Lewis Cirne /s/ Hope Cochran 
 Vice Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director 
 May 23, 2023 Hope Cochran 
 /s/ Susan Arthur 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Susan Arthur 
 /s/ Phalachandra Bhat 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Phalachandra Bhat 
 /s/ Caroline Watteeuw Carlisle 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Caroline Watteeuw Carlisle 
 /s/ Anne DelSanto 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Anne DelSanto 
 /s/ Kevin Galligan 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Kevin Galligan 
 /s/ David Henshall 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 David Henshall 
 /s/ Radhakrishnan Mahendran 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Radhakrishnan Mahendran 
 /s/ Takeshi Numoto 
 Director 
 May 23, 2023 Takeshi Numoto 

101 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 fy23newr10kex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-265022, 333-256139, 333-238278, 333-231475, 333-224883, 333-218094, 333-211648, 333-204512 and 333-201024 on Form S-8 of our reports date d May 23, 2023, relating to the financial statements of New Relic, Inc. and the effectiveness of New Relic, Inc s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 San Francisco, California 
 May 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 fy23newr10kex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William Staples, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Relic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date May 23, 2023 By s William Staples William Staples 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 fy23newr10kex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David Barter, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Relic, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date May 23, 2023 By s David Barter David Barter Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 fy23newr10kex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, William Staples, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Relic, Inc. for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of New Relic, Inc. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s William Staples William Staples 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 I, David Barter, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of New Relic, Inc. for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of New Relic, Inc. 
 Date May 23, 2023 By s David Barter David Barter Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of New Relic, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 newr-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 newr-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 newr-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 newr-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 newr-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

