<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1528172_0001493152-23-012553.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7441761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134604</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1067668</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3083317</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1429360</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1537277</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012553.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417163547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENDONOVO THERAPEUTICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001528172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				452552528
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55453
		FILM NUMBER:		23824383

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 CANOGA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 489-4774

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6320 CANOGA AVENUE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WOODLAND HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91367

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hanover Portfolio Acquisitions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110920

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hanover Portfoliio Acquisitions, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110817

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012553.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,
 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of principal U.S. market on which traded 

OTCMKTS 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large-accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was as of the
last business day of the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022, based on the closing price 0.0090 per share for the common stock on such
date as traded on the OTCQB. 

As
of April 17, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 10 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 10 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 10 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 10 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 11 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 11 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 11 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 16 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 17 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 40 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 40 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 43 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 43 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 45 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 46 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 46 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 47 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

When
used in this Report, the words may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, 
 estimate, intend, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act regarding events, conditions and financial trends which may affect the Company s
future plans of operations, business strategy, operating results, and financial position. Such statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking
statements for various reasons. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date made. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Company does not undertake, and specifically declines, any obligation to update any of these statements
or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether
as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions, or otherwise. 

This
Report contains certain estimates and plans related to us and the industry in which we operate, which assume certain events, trends,
and activities will occur and the projected information based on those assumptions. We do not know all of our assumptions are accurate.
In particular, we do not know what level of acceptance our strategy will achieve, how many acquisitions we will be able to consummate
or finance, or the size thereof. If our assumptions are wrong about any events, trends, or activities, then our estimates for future
growth for our business also may be wrong. There can be no assurances any of our estimates as to our business growth will be achieved. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. (Endonovo or the Company is an innovative biotechnology company that has developed a bio-electronic
approach to regenerative medicine. 

The
Company develops, manufactures, and distributes evolutionary medical devices focused on the rapid healing of wounds and reduction of
pain, edema and inflammation on and in the human body. The Company s non-invasive bioelectric medical devices are designed to target
inflammation, cardiovascular diseases, chronic kidney disease, and central nervous system disorders CNS disorders). 

Endonovo s
core mission is to transform the field of medicine by developing safe, wearable, non-invasive bioelectric medical devices that deliver
the Company s Electroceutical Therapy. Endonovo s bioelectric Electroceutical devices harnesses
 bioelectricity to restore key electrochemical processes that initiate anti-inflammatory processes and growth factors in the body
necessary for healing to rapidly occur. 

Corporate
History 

Our
predecessor company, Hanover Asset Management, Inc. was incorporated in November 2008 in California. For the purpose of reincorporating
in Delaware, we merged with a newly incorporated successor company, Hanover Portfolio Acquisitions, Inc., in July 2011 under which we
continue to operate. 

IP
Resources International, Inc. began operations on September 1, 2011, and was formally incorporated on October 17, 2011. 

Reverse
Acquisition 

On
March 14, 2012, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement Agreement with IPR and certain of its shareholders. Under
the Agreement, each participating IPR shareholder exchanged all of their issued and outstanding IPR common shares totaling 33,234,294,
free and clear of all liens, and 155,000 for Company common shares equal to 1.2342 times the number of IPR shares being transferred
to the Company for a total of 410 of our shares. The 155,000 was not paid at closing. The Company recorded the 155,000 as acquisition
payable. IPR agreed to make payments of up to 25 of the proceeds from any private placement or gross profits earned by IPR until the
obligation is satisfied. The percentage of the proceeds to be paid is at the sole discretion of IPR s Chief Executive Officer and
the ex-Chief Executive Officer of the Company based on the liquidity of the Company. 

As
a result of the Agreement, the former shareholders of IPR, immediately post-acquisition owned approximately 89 of the Company and its
officers and directors constituted the majority of the officers and directors of the Company. Since the shareholders, officers, and directors
of IPR have control of the Company, the acquisition constitutes a reverse acquisition, so IPR was the accounting acquirer, and we were
the accounting acquiree. For legal purposes, we are the legal parent and IPR is the legal subsidiary. 

Acquisition
of Aviva Companies Corporation 

On
April 2, 2013, the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement (the Acquisition Agreement with (i) The Aviva Companies
Corporation Aviva and (ii) all of the shareholders of Aviva (the Shareholders pursuant to which the Company
acquired all of the outstanding shares of Aviva in exchange for the issuance of 60 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per
share to the Shareholders (the Share Exchange ). As a result of the Share Exchange, Aviva became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

Other
than in respect to the transaction, there is no material relationship among Aviva s stockholders and any of the Company s
affiliates, directors, or officers. We are not currently actively pursuing the development of the Aviva Companies Corporation. 

4 

Acquisition
of WeHealAnimals, Inc. 

On
November 16, 2013, the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement (the Acquisition Agreement with (i) WeHealAnimals,
Inc. WHA and (ii) the sole shareholder of WHA (the Shareholder pursuant to which the Company acquired
all of the outstanding shares of WHA in exchange for the issuance of 3 shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and 96,000
to the Shareholder (the Share Exchange ). As a result of the Share Exchange, WHA became a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company and all of the equity of WHA including its and its sole shareholder s intellectual property became the property of the
Company. This obligation was fully paid on December 15, 2015, through the issuance of 350 shares of stock to Shareholder. WHA is a Nevada
corporation with intellectual property in the fields of biotechnology, including its biologics and time-varying electromagnetic frequencies
with potential applications on people and animals that management believes can be developed to the benefit of the Company and its shareholders.
WHA s sole shareholder was formerly Chairman and Chief Scientist of Regenetech, Inc. Regenetech was acquired by a company that
wanted its technology, biomolecules grown in microgravity, for use in cosmetics. WHA s sole shareholder left Regenetech with exclusive
rights to this proprietary square wave form technology and stem cell technologies, including the patents and patent applications relating
thereto. 

Other
than in respect to the transaction, there is no material relationship between WHA s sole stockholder and any of the Company s
affiliates, directors, or officers. 

Acquisition
of Rio Grande Assets 

On
December 22, 2017, we acquired intellectual property and other assets (the RGN Assets from Rio Grande Neurosciences, Inc.
(RGN). The price was 4,500,000 of which we paid 3,000,000 in cash and delivered a 1,500,000 secured promissory note due November 30,
2018, and security agreement. Before such note was due, the note was assigned to Eagle Equities, LLC Eagle its due date
was extended to November 30, 2019, and it was made convertible into our common stock at a price related to our common stock s market
price at the time of conversion. The maturity date was then extended to December 31, 2021. The RGN Assets relate to RGN s PEMF
portfolio of intellectual property, including 27 issued patents with foreign patent protection covering the therapeutic use of PEMF as
well as the treatment of various central nervous system disorders. We intend to initiate and fund future clinical trials to evaluate
the further use of PEMF in the treatment of central nervous system disorders, including traumatic brain injury, post-concussion syndrome,
stroke, and multiple sclerosis. However, no assurance can be given that we will be successful in these endeavors or that the results
of any tests will indicate further development of the RGN Assets. 

The
PEMF assets acquired include SofPulse , a portable, disposable PEMF device with a CE Mark and an FDA 510(k) clearance for the treatment
of post-surgical pain and edema in addition to medical reimbursement for the treatment of chronic wounds. Endonovo Therapeutics has begun
the commercialization of the PEMF assets through marketing and the creation of various sales channels and distribution agreements. 

Present
Development Plans 

We
are currently a biotechnology company developing bioelectronic devices and cell therapies for regenerative medicine and a commercial-stage
developer of non-invasive wearable Electroceuticals therapeutic devices. 

The
Company s current portfolio of commercial and clinical-stage wearable Electroceuticals therapeutic devices addresses wound
healing, pain, post-surgical pain and edema, cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease, and Central Nervous System (CNS) Disorders,
including traumatic brain injury (TBI), acute concussions, post- concussion syndrome and multiple sclerosis. The Company s non-invasive
Electroceutical therapeutic device, SofPulse , using pulsed short-wave radiofrequency at 27.12 MHz has been FDA-Cleared and
CE Marked for the palliative treatment of soft tissue injuries and post-operative pain and edema, and has CMS National Coverage for the
treatment of chronic wounds. The Company s current portfolio of pre-clinical stage Electroceuticals therapeutic devices
address chronic kidney disease, liver disease non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), cardiovascular and peripheral artery disease (PAD),
and ischemic stroke. The Company s non-invasive, wearable Electroceuticals therapeutic devices work by restoring key electrochemical
processes that initiate anti-inflammatory and growth factor cascades necessary for healing to occur. 

5 

These
bioelectronics devices are also commonly referred to as electroceuticals. These products are part of an emerging field
termed Bioelectronic Medicine, that seeks to harness electrical signals in nerves and cells to alter the course of diseases
and conditions. Whereas our competitors are primarily using implantable electrical nerve stimulators, we are developing devices that
are not implantable and use electromagnetic pulses to deliver electrical stimulation to cells and tissues. We are developing these bioelectronic
devices for the treatment of inflammatory conditions in tissues and vital organs with a concentration on vascular diseases and ischemia/reperfusion
injuries. 

The
Company is negotiating with a major distribution partner in order to initiate the marketing of SofPulse in South and Central America.
Additionally, the Company is currently engaged in distribution discussions with recognized distribution partners in Australia,
Europe, and various Southeast Asian markets. SofPulse is completing the final stages of receiving regulatory clearance in
Taiwan through Endonovo s distribution partner Evermed Medical Enterprise, Ltd. Final Taiwan FDA approval is expected to be
completed in the second half of 2023. 

On
December 13, 2022, the Company announced the launch of a new initiative to utilize its telehealth platform to educate and provide
prescription and over the counter non-opioid pain reduction options. The Endonovo Telehealth platform will provide
direct-to-consumer sales of prescription uses of their SofPulse Pulsed Electro Magnetic Fields (PEMF) medical device proven
to reduce opioid use. This initiative is in the early stages and has not to date generated revenue. 

Possible
Additional Line of Business 

The
Company recently entered into a program to expand its operations through a program of acquisition of specialty construction and facilities
maintenance companies. On September 27, 2022, the Company executed a definitive purchase agreement with Western Star Concrete LLC, a
Texas concrete construction company located in the Dallas, Texas area. No consideration was transferred, or shares issued with respect
to the definitive purchase agreement as of December 31, 2022. There have been no changes to this date. 

The
Company plans to initiate a spin-off of its medical device assets to SofPulse, Inc., a new Company, which was formed by Endonovo and
will be transferred to our President and Chief Commercial Officer of the Company s medical division, Ira Weisberg.
Ira Weisberg will be responsible for running SofPulse, Inc. independently from Endonovo and will develop commercialization initiatives through
sales and marketing channels for SofPulse, Inc. utilizing the SofPulse medical assets. 

Intellectual
Property: 

SofPulse:
 We have 29 issued patents with foreign patent protection covering the therapeutic use of tPEMF as well as the treatment of various
central nervous system disorders. Additionally to date, we have filed seven patent applications in the U.S. through the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (USPTO) and four international patent applications in the E.U., China, South Korea and Japan covering our Time-Varying
Electromagnetic Field (TVEMF) technology, the production of biomolecules, the creation of an allogeneic mesenchymal stem cell product
a treatment for chemical and radiation injuries, production of stem cell secretome and a method of treating tissues and organs using
our TVEMF technology. To date, we have been granted one U.S. Patent (U.S. Patent No. 9,410,143) issued on August 9, 2017, covering the
production of human biomolecules using our TVEMF technology. We will continue to seek to strengthen our portfolio of intellectual property
by filing additional patents around uses of our core technologies. 

Our
business strategy is aimed at building value by positioning each of our technologies and therapies to treat specific diseases that lack
effective treatment, post-operative pain and edema, or whose current standard of treatment involves invasive procedures and/or potentially
harmful side effects. We anticipate updating and refining the business strategy as new medical and/or clinical advancements are made
as a result of extensive research and development. In general, the component functions of the business model are to: 

Commercialize
 our FDA cleared technology through direct sales, distributors, and licensees; 

License
 our technologies; 

Develop
 additional medical indications for our medical devices; 

6 

Develop
 additional non-invasive, medical technologies; 

Conduct
 pre-clinical and clinical human studies for FDA Approval of our medical devices and cell therapies; 

Acquire
 subsidiaries under the parent company, Endonovo Therapeutics, to assist in the development and distribution of medical technologies; 

Incrementally
 invest, market, and refine acquired and developed medical technologies and therapies. 

Industry
Overview 

Bioelectrical
Medicine within the Healthcare Industry 

The
healthcare industry is one of the world s largest and fastest-growing industries. Consuming over 10 percent of Gross Domestic Product
(GDP) of most developed nations, health care can form an enormous part of a country s economy. 

As
of 2016, 91.1 of residents had health protection in the United States, either through their employer or bought individually. During
2016, healthcare costs reached 3.3 trillion, or 10,348 per person. The share of U.S. GDP devoted to healthcare was 17.9 of U.S. Gross
Domestic Product (GDP), the largest of any country in the world. Specifically, the cost of pharmaceuticals in the United States is the
highest on the planet. It is expected that Healthcare s share of U.S. GDP will continue its upward trend, reaching 20 percent of
U.S. GDP by 2025. Globally, by 2040, Healthcare spending is expected to exceed 18 Trillion annually. 

Bio-Electrical
Medicine is a 17.2 Billion sector of the Healthcare Industry growing at more than a 11 CAGR estimated to exceed 35.5 Billion by 2025,
according to Grand View Research. Bioelectric medicine is at the forefront of technological revolution in medical sciences. As opposed
to the pharmaceutical industry, bioelectric medicine has a different treatment therapy that is based on electrical pulses instead of
drugs to trigger the body s recovery capabilities. Bioelectric medicine develops nerve stimulating and sensors activation technologies
to regulate biological functions and treat diseases by combining bioengineering, neuroscience, molecular medicines and electronics. These
technologies may change the future of therapies for wide range of diseases. 

On
the basis of type of device, the global Electroceuticals /Bioelectrical Medicine Market is classified into two major classes: 

Implantable
 Electroceuticals Devices, and 

Non-invasive
 Electroceuticals Devices. 

BioElectric
Medicine vs. Drug Therapies 

Over
the past 15 years, long-acting and extended-release opioids have been used to treat open wounds, post-operative wounds and chronic pain.
These opioids are normally administered at high doses and over long treatment durations particularly in the United States, resulting
in a drastic increase in the number opioid-tolerant individuals and a prescription opioid abuse epidemic. Endonovo offers an alternative,
non-opioid treatment through its Electroceuticals systems: The Company s SofPulse system is a medical
device/designed to rapidly reduce post-operative swelling/edema, pain and to treat and accelerate the recovery of chronic wounds through
the use of tPEMF. Chronic pain therapy via tPEMF works by relieving the underlying cause of pain inflammation. 

Drug
therapies remain the standard of care for a broad range of medical conditions, including high blood pressure, chronic pain, autoimmune
diseases, and psychiatric disorders. Management believes that bioelectronic medicine has developed as a viable alternative for the treatment
of many disorders. 

7 

Normally,
our nervous systems send signals to our tissues and organs to suppress inflammation, a phenomenon known as the inflammatory reflex. But
sometimes, this system does not work properly, with malfunctions resulting in diseases like rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel
disease. Traditionally, doctors have treated these diseases using drugs designed to suppress inflammation, such as infliximab (trade
name Remicade) or adalimumab (Humira). But these drugs are expensive. Plus, they don t work for everyone, often come with nasty
side effects, and in some rare cases, they can even kill. 

Current
Product Being Sold SofPulse 

In
clinical trials, the SofPulse device has proven to reduce mean pain scores by nearly 300 and inflammation by 275 thereby
improving and reducing recovery time. Additionally, active patients have experienced a 2.2-fold reduction in narcotic use. The SofPulse 
 delivers tPEMF to enhance post-surgical recovery, naturally. Since the SofPulse is non-invasive and non-pharmacologic,
there are no known side effects and no potential for overdose or dependency AND no effects on healthy tissue. 

How
the SofPulse Works 

SofPulse 
 delivers low intensity microcurrents of energy directly to the procedure site, to enhance recovery, by increasing the amount of
naturally occurring Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF), thereby increasing the physiological process through which new blood vessels
form from pre-existing vessels (Angiogenesis). Within hours/days, the Fibroblast Growth Factor (FGF) enhances, thereby increasing the
production of Collagen/Granulation (within days) and Transforming Growth Factor (TGF- accelerating Remodeling in the body within
days/weeks. This device reduces inflammation and speeds/improves the healing process. The natural healing process allows patients to
get back to life faster with lowered use of narcotics. A surgeon places and activates SofPulse immediately after a procedure.
The SofPulse can be placed over a surgical dressing or clothing and can easily be applied and/or removed in many cases
by the patient themselves. The length of time the device is used will vary depending on the type of procedure. 

8 

The
SofPulse allows patients to get back to an active life faster with less use of narcotics. 

Immediately
 Usable and Effective - Single use patient device applied immediately after surgery. 

Easy
 to Use - SofPulse can easily be applied and or removed, including in many cases by the patient themselves 

Automated
 Dosing - Device is activated automatically or can be used as needed 

Versatile
 - The product comes as a single device or dual device to accommodate different surgical procedures 

Manufacturing 

Our
SofPulse device is manufactured for us by ADM Tronics, Inc. in an FDA approved facility in Northvale, New Jersey. 

Sales
 Marketing 

Endonovo s
strategy is to establish relationships with third parties, such as sales organizations, distributors, and marketing coordinators, that
assist us in developing, marketing, selling, and implementing our products. In addition, Endonovo is establishing an aggressive presence in the social media ecosystem in order to initiate direct
to consumer sales. 

We
believe that strategic and technology-based relationships with consumers, ambulatory surgical centers and medical facilities are
fundamental to our success. We have forged numerous relationships with medical device distributors to enhance our combined
capabilities. This approach enhances our ability to accelerate market penetration, accelerate the pace of our sales growth and
solidify relationships. 

We
have a variety of marketing programs designed to create brand awareness and market recognition for our product offerings and for sales
lead generation. Our marketing efforts include attending and presenting at healthcare related conferences, advertising, content development
and distribution, public relations, social media publication of technical and informative articles in industry journals and sales training. 

9 

In
addition, our strategic partners augment our marketing and sales campaigns through seminars, trade shows and joint public relations and
advertising campaigns. Our customers and strategic partners provide references and recommendations that we often feature in external
marketing activities. 

The
Company is also developing a wide-ranging list of brand ambassadors to bring focus and to increase awareness of the benefits of SofPulse 
 into the consumer markets. 

Endonovo
also is utilizing Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) and Scientific Advisory Board Members (SABs) within the medical community to develop a sales-channel
recommendation to other physicians/surgeons. 

Competition 

The
pain management market is intensely competitive, highly fragmented and characterized by rapidly changing technology and drugs. We currently
compete with other medical device manufacturers as well as pharmaceutical companies that have developed drugs many which are considered
addictive. 

Employees 

The
Company does not have any employees. However, we have retained approximately nine (9) individuals as independent contractors that are
involved in business development, sales, and administrative functions. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
2. Properties. 

We
have one office located in Southern California. We believe such office is adequate for our present needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is subject to certain legal proceedings, which it considers routine to its business activities. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company believes, after consultation with legal counsel, that the ultimate outcome of such legal proceedings, whether individually or
in the aggregate, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of
operations or liquidity. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

10 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock trades on the OTCQB under the symbol ENDV . The OTCQB is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes,
last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter OTC equity securities. An OTCQB equity security generally
is any equity that is not listed or traded on a national securities exchange. Our stock is thinly traded, and a robust, active trading
market may never develop. The market for the Company s common stock has been limited, volatile, and sporadic. 

Price
Range of Common Stock 

The
following table shows, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing prices per share of our common stock as reported by the OTCQB
quotation service. 

Closing Price 

High 
 Low 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.06 
 0.01 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.02 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 0.02 
 0.02 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.02 
 0.01 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.02 
 0.01 

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were approximately 424 stockholders of record. Because shares of our common stock are held by depositaries,
brokers and other nominees, the number of beneficial holders of our shares is substantially larger than the number of stockholders of
record. 

Dividends 

Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available.
We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and
expansion of our business. Consequently, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock to our stockholders for the
foreseeable future. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
applicable because we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The information and financial data discussed below is only
a summary and should be read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this 10-K.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this 10-K fully represent the Company s financial condition and operations; however,
they are not indicative of the Company s future performance. Although management believes that the assumptions made and expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the underlying assumptions will, in fact, prove
to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in this 10-K. 

11 

Cautionary
Notice Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

The
information contained in Item 2 contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Actual results may materially differ from those projected
in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks and uncertainties set forth in this report. Although management believes
that the assumptions made and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the
underlying assumptions will, in fact, prove to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in
this report. 

This
filing contains a number of forward-looking statements which reflect management s current views and expectations with respect to
our business, strategies, products, future results and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this filing other than
statements of historical fact, including statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments which management expects
or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including statements related to distributor channels, volume growth, revenues, profitability,
new products, adequacy of funds from operations, statements expressing general optimism about future operating results, and non-historical
information, are forward looking statements. In particular, the words believe, expect, intend, 
 anticipate, estimate, may, variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements, and their absence does not mean that the statement is not
forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below. Our
actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed in, anticipated,
or implied by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect
any future events or circumstances. 

Readers
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on management s current expectations and projections
about future events, are not guarantees of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions (including those described
below), and apply only as of the date of this filing. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the
results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, the risks discussed in prior filings, in press releases and in other communications to shareholders issued by
us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors which may affect our business. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
otherwise. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (U.S. GAAP). In
doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses,
as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. In some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting
policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly,
actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates
and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to
accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. 

Impairment
of Other Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company accounts for its intangible assets under the provisions of ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other . In accordance
with ASC 350, intangible assets with a definite life are analyzed for impairment under ASC 360-10-05 Property, Plant and Equipment 
and intangible assets with an indefinite life are analyzed for impairment under ASC 360 annually, or more often if circumstances dictate.
The Company performs its annual simplified impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year. The Company reviews its long-lived assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be fully recoverable
or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. If impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its estimated
fair value. 

12 

Use
of estimates 

Preparing
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue,
and expenses. The significant estimates were made for the fair value of common stock issued for services, with notes payable arrangements,
in connection with note extension agreements, and as repayment for outstanding debt, in estimating the useful life used for depreciation
and amortization of our long-lived assets, in the valuation of the derivative liability, and the valuation of deferred income tax assets.
Actual results and outcomes may differ from management s estimates and assumptions. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company has evaluated all the recent accounting pronouncements and determined that there are no accounting pronouncements that will have
a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Results
of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022, vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Favorable 

2022 
 2021 
 (Unfavorable) 

Revenue 
 135,355 
 73,105 
 62,250 
 85.2 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 9,990 
 14,985 
 4,995 
 33.3 
 
 Gross profit 
 125,365 
 58,120 
 67,245 
 115.7 

Operating expenses 
 3,389,705 
 2,284,667 
 (1,105,038 
 (48.4 

Loss from operations 
 (3,264,340 
 (2,226,547 
 (1,037,793 
 (46.6 

Other expense 
 (15,210,495 
 (878,347 
 (14,332,148 
 (1,631.8 

Net loss 
 (18,474,835 
 (3,104,894 
 (15,369,941 
 (495.0 

Revenue 

Revenue
of the Company s SofPulse product during the current year increased by 62,250 or 85.2 compared to the previous year. 

Revenues
for sales of our SofPulse product is typically recognized at the time the product is shipped, at which time the title passes to
the customer, and there are no further performance obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company also recognized
 113,620 in royalty/licensing revenue from a former related party. 

We
anticipate that revenue will increase in future periods as the roll out of the SofPulse product continues. The Company is
looking to partner with global participants in the medical device market to spur its expansion. The Company expects such investment
alternatives to include partnerships, joint ventures, distribution, and licensing agreements for the PEMF medical technology. The
Company also look to expand on current initiatives with the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and other
surgical and pain management markets. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue decreased by 4,995 or 33.3 from the previous year to 9,990 during the current year compared to 14,985 during the previous
year. Cost of revenue is recognized on those sales recorded as gross for which we are the principal in the transaction as opposed to
net sales which reflect no cost of revenue. It is anticipated that cost of revenue will increase in future periods as the roll out of
the SofPulse product continues. 

13 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses increased by 1,105,038 or 48.4 to 3,389,705 in 2022 compared to 2,284,667 in 2021. The operating expenses were
comprised primarily of consulting fees, professional fees, and stock-based compensation. This change was due primarily to an increase
in stock-based compensation of approximately 1.2 million. 

Depreciation
and Amortization 

We
incur depreciation and amortization expenses for costs related to our patents. Our depreciation and amortization expense was 646,912
in 2022 compared to 648,492 in 2021. The Company has not impaired its finite-lived intangible as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Other
Expense 

Other
expense was 15,210,495 in 2022 compared to 878,347 in 2021. Other Expense includes interest expense, change in fair value of derivative
liability, amortization of debt issuance cost, gain on extinguishment of debt and make-good expense. 

The
increase in other expense during our fiscal year 2022 was primarily the result of re-valuation of the derivative liability embedded in
the convertible notes issued with variable conversion rates. The Change in fair value of the Company s derivative liability resulted
in an expense of 14 million in 2022 compared to a gain of approximately 41,000 in 2021, resulting from changes to the inputs to the
fair value option pricing model. The Company also incurred an increase in interest expense of approximately 380,000 and approximately
 225,000 of additional expenses attributed to the make good provision embedded in the fixed rate convertible notes, offset by an increase
of approximately 340,700 of gain from debt extinguishment in 2022. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Working Capital 

Current assets 
 15,822 
 94,855 
 (79,033 
 
 Current liabilities 
 33,381,760 
 17,701,710 
 15,680,050 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (33,365,938 
 (17,606,855 
 15,759,083 

Long-term debt 
 79,825 
 79,825 
 - 

Stockholders deficit 
 (32,180,319 
 (15,774,324 
 16,405,995 

For Years Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows Select Information 

Net cash provided (used) by: 

Operating activities 
 (678,838 
 (986,584 
 (307,746 
 
 Financing activities 
 593,000 
 1,059,100 
 (466,100 

As of December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Balance Sheet Select Information 

Cash 
 98 
 85,936 
 (85,838 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 8,869,451 
 7,078,283 
 1,791,168 

14 

Since
January 2022 and through December 31, 2022, the Company has raised approximately 0.6 million in equity and debt transactions. These
funds have been used to advance the operations of the Company, build its bio-medical platform, and general corporate development.
Our accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month period
following the date of these consolidated financial statements. However, the Company has incurred substantial losses. Our current
liabilities exceed our current assets and available cash is not sufficient to fund the expected future operations. The Company is
raising additional capital through debt and equity securities to continue the funding of its ongoing operations and fund the various
business initiatives. However, there is no assurance that the Company can raise enough funds or generate sufficient revenues to pay
its obligations as they become due, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. To reduce the
risk of not being able to continue as a going concern, management has implemented its business plan to materialize revenues from
sales and future license agreements, and also in February 2023 secured a reseller agreement with Academy Medical, Inc., a
Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, thereby providing priority procurement benefits to the Company. The relationship with
Academy Medical is intended ensure availability of SofPulse 
to the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) and Department of Defense (DoD). To date no revenue has been realized under
this contract. The Company is also continuing its efforts to raise capital through the sale of its common stock and has engaged an
Investment Banker to raise additional capital. Although, uncertainty exists as to whether the Company will be able generate enough
cash from operations to fund the Company s working capital needs or raise sufficient capital to meet the Company s
obligations as they become due, no adjustments have been made to the carrying value of assets or liabilities as a result of this
uncertainty. Our cash on hand at December 31, 2022 was less than 1,000. This will not be sufficient to fund operations if
additional capital is not raised. The Company raised an aggregate of 0.225 million through the sale of equity and debt securities
since January 1, 2023, through the date of this report. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, obligations under any guaranteed contracts
or contingent obligations. We also have no other commitments, other than the costs of being a public company that will increase our operating
costs or cash requirements in the future. 

Seasonality 

Management
does not believe that our current business segment is seasonal to any material extent. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

15 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued the following unregistered equity securities: 

Number of 

Common Shares 
 Source of 

Issued 
 Payment 
 Amount 
 
 25,850,000 
 Conversion of notes and accrued interest 
 517,000 
 
 2,428,777 
 Settlement of debt 
 46,147 
 
 66,500,000 
 Services 
 1,316,900 
 
 3,450,000 
 Commitment shares 
 46,793 
 
 15,000,000 
 Issuance for cash 
 142,000 
 
 25,500,000 
 Conversion of preferred stock 
 - 

The
above issuances were exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2), and/or Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. These
securities qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act since the issuance of securities by us did not involve a
public offering. The offering was not a public offering as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons
involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered. We did not undertake an offering
in which we sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, these stockholders had the necessary investment
intent as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such securities
are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed
into the market and therefore not be part of a public offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met
the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for this transaction. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a Smaller Reporting Company SRC and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

16 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

ENDONOVO
THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 INDEX
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No: 
 18 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets for December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 20 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 21 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 22 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 24 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 25 

17 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as
the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has continued to incur significant operating losses and negative cash
flows from operations, during the year ended December 31, 2022, and has negative working capital at December 31, 2022. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

18 

Instruments
with Embedded Conversion Features 

Description
of the Matter 

As
discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company issues instruments with embedded conversion features. Some
of these embedded conversion features result in a derivative liability that is measured at fair value. 

Auditing
derivative liability is complex and highly judgmental due to the variability and uncertainty associated with the Company s assessment
of estimates used in calculating the value of the derivative liability. Changes in these estimates would have a significant effect on
the valuation of the derivative liability and the related change in fair value of derivative liability. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To
test the derivative liability, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s accounting
policy for instruments with embedded conversion features and the estimates and assumptions used in calculating the fair value of the
derivative liability. We evaluated whether the methods used to calculate the fair value of the derivative liability were applied consistently.
We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used for the fair value measurement. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

April
17, 2023 

19 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 As
of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Patents, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Deferred compensation 

Notes payable, net of discounts of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Notes payable former related party 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Other long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, note 8 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shareholders deficit 

Super AA super voting preferred stock, par value; authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Series C convertible preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series D convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized and and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock subscriptions 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

See
accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

20 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Other expense 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense, net 

Total other expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average common share outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See
accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

21 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statement of Shareholders Deficit 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Series
 AA 
 Series
 B 
 Convertible 
 Series
 D 
 Convertible 
 Series
 C 
 Convertible 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of commitment shares in connection with promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for conversion of Preferred Series C to common share 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 shares issued for debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 shares issued as settlement of debt with former related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 shares issued pursuant to consulting agreements 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

22 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statement of Shareholders Deficit 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series
 AA 
 Series
 B Convertible 
 Series
 D Convertible 
 Series
 C Convertible 

Additional 

Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of Commitment shares in connection with promissory notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 Stock issued for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for conversion of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares
 issued for conversion of Preferred Series D to common share 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Inducement
 loss related to conversion of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Common
 Shares issued from debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common
 Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 
 - 

See
accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

23 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

Bad
 debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based
 compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Fair
 value of commitment shares issued with debt 

Fair
 value of equity issued for services 

Amortization
 of note discount and original issue discount 

Change
 in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain
 on extinguishment of debt 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 - 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued
 interest 

Deferred
 compensation 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Financing
 activities: 

Proceeds
 from the issuance of notes payable 

Repayments
 on former related party advances 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock and units 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of year 

Cash,
 end of year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Cash
 Investing and Financing Activities: 

Conversion
 of notes payable and accrued interest to common stock 

Conversion
 of Preferred stock to common stock 

Original
 debt discount on convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common stock to settle debt 
 - 

See
accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to consolidated financial statements. 

24 

Endonovo
Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the Company approving an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to change the name of the Company
from Hanover Portfolio Acquisitions, Inc. to Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. The name change was affected pursuant
to a Certificate of Amendment (the Certificate of Amendment ), filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on January
24, 2014. 

million, negative cash flows from operations of approximately 
million and million of working capital deficit. The Company has raised approximately million in debt and equity financing
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company is raising additional capital through debt and/or equity securities in order to continue
the funding of its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company can raise enough funds or generate sufficient revenues
to pay its obligations as they become due, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying value of assets or liabilities as a result of this uncertainty. To reduce the risk of not being able to
continue as a going concern, management has implemented its business plan to materialize revenues from potential future license and distribution
agreements, has raised capital through the issuance of promissory notes and has engaged a broker/dealer to raise additional capital. 

at December 31, 2022
and 2021. Account receivables are written off when all collection attempts have failed. 

stock options, of which are exercisable and warrants convertible into an equivalent number of common
stock as of December 31, 2022. The Company has stock options, of which are exercisable and warrants convertible
into an equivalent number of common stock as of December 31, 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has variable rate convertible notes in an aggregate amount of and , respectively,
including principal and accrued interest, which are convertible into and , respectively, shares of common stock.
Such shares are not included in the calculation of the diluted net loss per share as they would have an antidilutive effect. 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Fair
 Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 Using 

Quoted
 Prices in Active Markets for 
 Significant
 Other 
 Significant 

Identical
 Assets 
 Observable
 Inputs 
 Unobservable
 Inputs 

(Level
 1) 
 (Level
 2) 
 (Level
 3) 
 Total 

Derivative
 liability 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Settlement
 by debt extinguishment 

Settlement
 by debt conversion 

Change
 in estimated fair value 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

Settlement
 by debt Extinguishment 

Change
 in estimated fair value 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

- 
 month 

- months 

Exercise
 price 

- 

- 

Expected
 volatility 

- 

- 

Expected
 dividends 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

- 

- 

Forfeitures 

None 

None 

The
assumptions used in determining fair value represent management s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties
and the application of management s judgment. As a result, if factors change, including changes in the market value of the Company s
common stock, managements assessment, or significant fluctuations in the volatility of the trading market for the Company s
common stock, the Company s fair value estimates could be materially different in the future. 

The
Company computes the fair value of the derivative liability at each reporting period and the change in the fair value is recorded as
non-cash expense or non-cash income. The key component in the value of the derivative liability is the Company s stock price, which
is subject to significant fluctuation and is not under its control, and the assessment of volatility. The resulting effect on net loss
is therefore subject to significant fluctuation and will continue to be so until the Company s Variable Debentures, which the convertible
feature is associated with, are converted into common stock or paid in full with cash. Assuming all other fair value inputs remain constant,
the Company will record non-cash expense when its stock price increases and non-cash income when its stock price decreases. 

and , respectively, from SofPulse devices. 

Sources
of Revenue 

We
have identified the following revenues disaggregated by revenue source: 

1. Sales
 to plastic surgeons 
 
 2. Sales
 to wound care facilities 
 
 3. Sales
 to hospitals 
 
 4. Sales
 to other physicians 
 
 5. Royalty
 fee from licensing, net 

Royalty/licensing,
 net 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 sources of revenue 

The royalty/licensing revenue recognized in 2022 resulted from specific
transactions. No general patent rights were assigned to the distributor. The revenue recognized was based on the number of items included
in the transactions. 

Warranty 

Our
general product warranties do not extend beyond an assurance that the product delivered will be consistent with stated specifications
and do not include separate performance obligations. 

Significant
Judgments in the Application of the Guidance in ASC 606 

There
are no significant judgments associated with the satisfaction of our performance obligations. We generally satisfy performance obligations
upon delivery of the product to the customer. This is consistent with the time in which the customer obtains control of the products.
Performance obligations are also generally settled quickly after the purchase order acceptance, therefore the value of unsatisfied performance
obligations at the end of any reporting period is generally immaterial. 

We
consider variable consideration in establishing the transaction price. Forms of variable consideration applicable to our arrangements
include sales returns, rebates, volume-based bonuses, and prompt pay discounts. We use historical information along with an analysis
of the expected value to properly calculate and to consider the need to constrain estimates of variable consideration. Such amounts are
included as a reduction to revenue from the sale of products in the periods in which the related revenue is recognized and adjusted in
future periods as necessary. 

Practical
Expedients 

Our
payment terms for sales direct to distributors, end users, hospitals and doctors are substantially less than the one-year collection
period that falls within the practical expedient in determination of whether a significant financing component exists. 

Effective
Date and Transition Disclosures 

Adoption
of the new standards related to revenue recognition did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

. The earliest patent expires in . 

Less
 accumulated amortization 

Patents
 net 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was . 

2024 

Total 

The
Company determined that the patents were not impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Notes
 payable issued 

Settlements
 on note payable 

Repayments
 of notes payable in cash 

Less
 amounts converted to stock 

Notes
 payable at end of period 

Less
 debt discount 

Note
 payable, net 

Notes
 payable issued to former related party 

Notes
 payable issued to non-related party 

December
 31, 2023 
 
 - 

Total 

Activity
during the year ended December 31, 2022 

Fixed
rates convertible notes 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued seven (7) fixed rate promissory notes totaling in principal, for funding
of with original terms of nine to twelve months and interest rates of and . The holder of the promissory notes can convert
the outstanding unpaid principal and accrued interest at a fixed conversion rate, subject to standard anti-dilution features, immediately
to six-month after issuance date. . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has twenty (20) fixed-rate promissory notes with an outstanding balance of , of which 
are past maturity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a total of sixteen (16) fixed rate notes for total principal amount of 
includes a make good shares provision. . The Company accrued approximately related to the make-good
provision as the amount is probable and can be reasonably estimated pursuant to ASC 450 Contingencies. Such amount was presented as other
expense in the consolidated statements of operations and accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2022. 

During
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company converted in accrued interest and in principal balance into shares
of common stock. 

.
The prepayment penalty approximates as of December 31, 2022, but the Company determined that such liability was not probable
as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to ASC 450 Contingencies. 

Variable-rate
notes 

The
gross amount of all convertible notes with variable conversion rates outstanding as of December 31, 2022, is , which are all
past maturity. There was no conversion of notes into the Company s common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled one variable note with a principal of and in accrued interest
for no consideration. 

Activity
during the year ended December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued eight (8) fixed rate promissory notes totaling for funding of 
with original terms of twelve months and interest rates of . The holders of the promissory notes can convert the outstanding unpaid
principal and accrued interest at a fixed conversion rate, subject to standard anti-dilution features. As of December 31, 2021, the fixed-rate
notes had an outstanding balance of , of which are past maturity. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has 13 fixed
rate promissory notes with unrelated parties for total amount of . Nine of these fixed rates promissory notes for total balance
of carry a make whole provision requiring the Company to issue additional shares of its common stock if the underlying investor
is not able to realize a profit of against the conversion price of such shares after customary and reasonable expenses. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company amended the terms of two of its promissory notes to accelerate the conversion feature and
amend the conversion price of the instruments. The Company recorded the modification in accordance with ASC 470-50 Debt-Modifications
and Extinguishments and recorded as loss from debt extinguishment in the consolidated statements of operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company settled one of its promissory notes by issuing restricted shares of the Company s
common stock with a fifteen percent make-whole provision. The Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of approximately . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company converted in principal and in accrued but unpaid interest into 
shares of common stock. 

The
gross amount of all convertible notes with variable conversion rates outstanding as of December 31, 2021, is , of which 
are past maturity. 

Former
related-party notes 

Notes
payable to a former related party in the aggregate amount of was outstanding at December 31, 2022, which are past maturity date.
The notes bear interest between and per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid total principal of 
to this former related party. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had notes payable to related parties amounting to . Refer
to Note 7 Related Party Transactions. 

Notes
payable to a former related party in the aggregate amount of was outstanding at December 31, 2021, which are past maturity date.
The notes bear interest between and per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid total principal of 
to this former related party. 

Other
notes 

In
October 2013, July 2014, October 2014 and August 2015, the Company initiated a series of private placements for up to , each,
of financing by the issuance of notes payable at a minimum of , one unit. The notes bear interest at per annum and were due
and payable with accrued interest one year from issuance. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not issue
notes in connection with these private placements and did not repay any of these notes. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, notes payable
outstanding under these private placements are , all of which are past maturity. 

Notes
payable totaling are secured by the intellectual property acquired from RGN including patents obtained in the acquisition. 

Acquisition
Payable 

In
connection with the Company s acquisition of IPR in 2012, IPR recorded a long-term acquisition payable for costs that
were not paid at closing. This payable is non-interest bearing and IPR agreed to make payments up to of the proceeds from any private
placement or gross profits earned by IPR until the obligation is satisfied. The percentage of the proceeds to be paid is at the sole
discretion of IPR s Chief Executive Officer and the ex-Chief Executive Officer of the Company based on the liquidity of the Company. 

There
was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued as extinguishment
for in principal and interest. The balance of the acquisition payable is , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Effective
Interest Rate 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company s effective interest rate was and respectively. 

shares of preferred stock which have been designated as follows: 

Schedule
of Preferred Stock 

Number
 of Shares Authorized 
 Number
 of Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Par
 Value 
 Liquidation
 Value per Share 
 
 Series
 AA 

- 
 
 Preferred
 Series B 

Preferred
 Series C 

Preferred
 Series D 

Undesignated 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
AA Preferred Shares 

On
February 22, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as
amended (the Articles of Incorporation ), in the form of a Certificate of Designation that authorized the issuance of up
to one million shares of a new series of preferred stock, par value per share, designated Series AA Super Voting
Preferred Stock, for which the board of directors established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series AA Preferred stock
outstanding. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
February 7, 2017, the Company filed a certificate of designation for shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock designated
as Series B Series B which are authorized and convertible, at the option of the holder, commencing six months from the
date of issuance into common shares and warrants. For each share of Series B, the holder, on conversion, shall receive the stated value 100 per share) divided by of the market price on the date of purchase of Series B and a warrant exercisable into up
to a like amount of common shares with an exercise price of of the market price as defined in the Certificate of Designation. Dividends
shall be paid only if dividends on the Company s issued and outstanding Common Stock are paid, and the amount paid to the Series
B holder will be as though the conversion shares had been issued. The Series B holders have no voting rights. Upon liquidation, the holder
of Series B, shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value, per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends
thereon before any distribution is made to Series C Secured Redeemable Preferred Stock or common stockholders. There has been no activity
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series B outstanding. 

Series
C Secured Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On
December 22, 2017, the Company filed a certificate of designation for shares of Series C Secured Redeemable Preferred Stock Series
C ). Each share of the C Preferred is entitled to receive a quarterly dividend commencing March 31, 2018, and each quarter
thereafter and is to be redeemed for the stated value, per share, plus accrued dividends in cash (i) at the Company s option,
commencing one year from issuance and (ii) mandatorily as of December 31, 2019. On January 29, 2020, . Upon liquidation, the holder of Series C, shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value, per share,
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon before any distribution is made to common stockholders but after distributions are made
to holders of Series B. 

Management
determined the fair value of the new instrument based on the guidance in ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement. Management concluded that the
preferred stock should not be classified as a liability per the guidance in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity even though
the conversion would require the issuance of variable number of shares since such obligation is not unconditional. Management classified
the Series C in permanent equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company converted and shares of Series C into and shares of common stock,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Series C outstanding, respectively. 

Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
November 11, 2019, the Company filed a certificate of designation for shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock designated
as Series D Series D ), which are authorized and convertible, at the option of the holder, at any time from the date of
issuance, into shares of common shares. On or prior to August 1, 2020, for each share of Series D, the holder, on conversion, shall receive
a number of common shares equal to of the Company s issued and outstanding shares on conversion date and for conversion on
or after August 2, 2020, the holder shall receive conversion shares as though the conversion date was August 1, 2020, with no further
adjustments for issuances by the Company of common stock after August 1, 2020, except for stock split or reverse stock splits of the
common stock. 

The
Series D holders have no voting rights. Upon liquidation, the holder of Series D, shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the
stated value, per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon before any distribution is made to common stockholders. 

In
September 2022, the Company offered to each holder of Series D the opportunity to convert each share of Series D into shares
of the Company s common stock at an effective conversion price of . . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of Series D preferred
stock, for a total value of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Series D outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock 

Activity
during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of of principal notes
and accrued interest in the amount of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a make-whole provision from an April
2021 debt settlement with one investor. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as commitment shares in connection with promissory
notes. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for services for total fair value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for shares of Series D Preferred,
which resulted in an inducement loss of recorded as a deemed dividend in the shareholders deficit as of December 31,
2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 3 units or shares of common stock pursuant to a private placement for
total net cash receipt of . 

Activity
during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of principal notes and accrued
interest for aggregate fair value of issued common stock of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock labeled as commitment shares in connection with
the issuance of promissory notes for a total fair value of approximately . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to securities purchase agreement for total
consideration of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of , related to the conversion
of Series C. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock with a value of , related to the settlement
of debts, of which shares of common stock were issued with a fair value of to a former related party. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock in connection with the consulting agreement, with
a fair value of approximately . 

Stock
Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company executed an independent contractor agreement with the Company s new President
and Chief Commercial Officer of its medical division. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company granted 
stock options to purchase an equivalent number of common stocks, with 
options vesting each quarter with a term of 
years from vesting and a strike price of .
The Company did not issue any stock options during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company cancelled and stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company did not recognize any share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

- 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

- 

Granted 

Cancelled 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

Warrants 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not issue any warrants. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancelled 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

and ,
which reflects accrual of deferred compensation in accordance with contractual arrangement, approximately cash repayments
of deferred compensation and non-cash reduction pursuant to royalties charged to the former operational manager on SofPulse units
during the year ended December 31, 2022, and accrual of deferred compensation, cash repayments during the year ended
December 31, 2021. The royalty/licensing revenue recognized in 2022 was generated from the former operational manager who is developing
business in Costa Rica and Mexico. In lieu of payment for the royalty/licensing, the former operational manager paid directly
to the Company s vendor, and the deferred compensation due to him was reduced by . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock to a company controlled by the Company s Chief Executive Officer with an estimated fair value of 
for services. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company advanced of funds to the Company of which was repaid during the year 2022. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company advanced of funds to the Company of which 
was repaid during the year 2021. 

The
balance of short-term advances due to one officer and executive of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,
625 and ,
respectively and is included in the Company s accounts payable and accrued interest balance as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, notes payable remain outstanding to the former President of the Company, in the amounts of and ,
respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on these notes payable totaled and , respectively, and are
included in accrued interest on the consolidated balance sheets. 

and of federal net operating loss carryforwards, respectively, that it can use to offset a certain amount of taxable income
in the future. Some of these federal net operating loss carryforwards . The resulting deferred tax asset is offset
by a valuation allowance due to the uncertainty of its realization. Utilization of these net operating losses could be limited under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and similar state laws based on ownership changes
and the value of the Company s stock. 

- 
 
 State
 taxes, net of federal benefit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-Deductible
 expenses 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Total 

The
primary difference between income tax expense attributable to continuing operations and the amount of income tax expense that would result
from applying domestic federal statutory rates to income before provision for income taxes relates to the change in the valuation allowance. 

The
Company has adopted the accounting standards that clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold of more likely than not and a measurement process for financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. In making this assessment, a company must
determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, based solely on the technical merits
of the position, and must assume that the tax position will be examined by taxing authorities. Our policy is to include interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. Interest and penalties totaled for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

and of direct sales. In addition, the
Company generated all of its royalty/licensing revenue from one former related party. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had two significant customers which accounted for and of sales. 

Supplier 

We
also have a single source for our bioelectric medical devices, which account for of our sales. The interruption of products provided
by this supplier would adversely affect our business and financial condition unless an alternative source of products could be found. 

Accounts
Receivable 

At
December 31, 2021, we had two customers which accounted for of our accounts receivable balances. There are no accounts receivable
balance as of December 31, 2022. 

shares of common stock following the conversion of shares of Series D preferred
stock. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to consulting agreements with an estimated fair value
of . 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to a private placement for in cash. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of promissory note and 
in accrued interest with one investor. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately as settlement of
a convertible note with an approximate carrying value of . 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of approximately pursuant to a make
good provision from a previously executed settlement agreement. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as additional consideration pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement with estimated fair value of . 

On
March 29, 2023, the Company entered into a binding Letter of Intent LOI to spin off its current medical device division
to an entity managed by Ira Weisberg, the Company s President and Chief Commercial Officer of its medical division. Mr. Weisberg
will be the future President and Chief Executive Officer of this newly formed entity. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, the Company executed a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Government Reseller Agreement with Academy
Medical, Inc. to distribute SofPulse medical devices to ensure its availability to the Veteran Health Administration VHA and Department of Defense (DoD) contracts. 

Subsequent to December 31,2022, the Board of director approved the issuance
of shares of common stock for past services with estimated fair value of approximately . 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
of controls and procedures. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance,
management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over
time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

As
required by the SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, at the reasonable assurance level due
to the material weaknesses described below. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard
No. 2) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management has identified the following two material weaknesses which
have caused management to conclude that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable
assurance level: 

1.
We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended December
31, 2022. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our
assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material
weakness. 

2.
We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature,
segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible,
the authorization of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.
The recording of transactions function is maintained by a third-party consultant whereas authorization and custody remains under the
Company s Chief Executive Officer s responsibility. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of
duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented
a material weakness. 

40 

To
address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements
included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the
supervision of, the issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the issuer s board of directors,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the issuer. 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

As
of the end of our most recent fiscal year, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments.
Based on that evaluation, they concluded that as of December 31, 2022, such internal control over financial reporting was not effective.
This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely
affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal control over financial reporting that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent
members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives
of having segregation of the initiation of transactions, the recording of transactions and the custody of assets; and (3) lack of communication
between management and external accounting personnel. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer
in connection with the review of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

41 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (1) and (2) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However,
management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors,
result in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result
in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this annual report. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In
an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated,
or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: we will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within
the accounting function when funds are available to us. First, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control
objectives of having separate individuals perform (i) the authorization of transactions, (ii) the recording of transactions and (iii)
the custody of assets. Second, we will create a senior position to focus on financial reporting and standardizing and documenting our
accounting procedures with the goal of increasing the effectiveness of the internal controls in preventing and detecting misstatements
of accounting information. Third, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to
an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds
are available to us. Lastly, we will improve channels of communication between management and accounting through regularly scheduled
monthly meetings. We anticipate the costs of implementing these remediation initiatives will be approximately 50,000 to 100,000 a year
in increased salaries, legal and accounting expenses. 

Management
believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy
the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

Changes
in internal controls over financial reporting. 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

42 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

On
April 3, 2013, the Company filed an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ),
in the form of a Certificate of Designation that authorized the issuance of up to one million (1,000,000) shares of a new series of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share, designated Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock, for which the board of directors
established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

The
Company s board of directors authorized the Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock pursuant to the authority given to the board
under the Articles of Incorporation, which authorizes the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per
share, and authorized the board, by resolution, to establish any or all of the unissued shares of preferred stock, not then allocated
to any series into one or more series and to fix and determine the designation of each such shares, the number of shares which shall
constitute such series and certain preferences, limitations and relative rights of the shares of each series so established. 

Each
holder of outstanding shares of Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one hundred thousand (100,000) votes for
each share of Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock held on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at
each meeting of stockholders of the Company. 

The
summary of the rights, privileges and preferences of the Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock described above is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the Certificate of Designation as filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2012. 

Past
maturity Notes 

Due
to its limited resources, the Company has not been able to pay certain promissory notes when due. As of December 31, 2022, there are
 7,163,832 in existing notes with an aggregate principal of 6,748,831 which are beyond their maturity date. Management believes that
the Company may have valid defenses as to some of the promissory notes and will be able to modify some of these notes if requested by
the holders to do so and otherwise avoid any default. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the name and age of officers and director. Our Executive Officer is elected annually by our Board of Directors.
Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Alan
 Collier 
 
 57 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 
 
 Ira
 Weisberg 
 
 73 
 
 President,
 Chief Commercial Officer Medical division 

Biographies 

Alan
Collier has been the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and a director of the Company Since March 2012. Mr. Collier has more
than twenty (20) years of experience in finance, telecommunications, and consumer products. Over the progression of his career, he has
specialized in the development and financing of early stage, high growth, and acquisitive companies (public and private). He has structured,
participated in, and completed numerous transactions including mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt placements, capital restructuring,
joint venture development, and channel partner procurement. Additionally, Mr. Collier was a Senior Managing Director at Mid-Market Securities,
a FINRA-registered Broker-Dealer. He is also the co-founder and a Managing Member of C2 Capital, LLC, which provides management consulting
services to companies preparing to go public. Prior to joining Mid-Market Securities, Mr. Collier was a Managing Director of Mosaic Capital
and co-managed its Capital Markets Group at Mosaic Capital. He was previously a Vice President at Corporate Capital Group and Managing
Director and CEO of Greenbridge Capital Group. He has held numerous board and executive positions throughout his career. 

43 

Mr.
Weisberg has more than thirty years of experience in healthcare and pharmaceutical management, business development, corporate
finance and marketing with a concentration in pharmaceutical and biotechnology corporate fund-raising strategy over the past five years.
His expertise is in developing strategies to guide emerging medical companies to advance revenue and enhance company diversity, developmental
pipelines and geographic reach particularly in fast-growing emerging medical device and pharmaceutical markets. Mr. Weisberg has been
instrumental in developing licensing and acquisition strategy for an emerging specialty pharmaceutical and medical device biotechnology
companies. Prior to his appointment as Endonovo s President and Chief Commerical Officer of its Medical Division, Mr. Weisberg
served as CEO and President of Amherst Pharmaceuticals, CEO of AlphaVax and Senior Vice President of Neurotrope Biosciences where he
was responsible for commercial development, corporate funding, strategic planning and overseeing expansion of global operations through
acquisition of licensing and partnering agreements for emerging pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products. Over his career,
Mr. Weisberg has extensive executive experience in healthcare and pharmaceutical management, business development, finance, sales and
marketing. Mr. Weisberg led negotiations and signed licensing agreements for strategic acquisitions, distribution and development deals
for multiple companies in the medical device and pharmaceutical industry. His past medical administrative experience includes executive
positions at Alphavax, Inc., Lifecycle Pharma, Chugai Pharma USA, Haemacure Corp and Aventis Behring. As Senior business development
director with Aventis Behring, a global leader in recombinant albumin, he negotiated out-licensing, supply, distribution and development
agreements with major pharmaceutical companies in excess of 100 million and contributed to revenues for the company s specialty
product valued at 500 million while assisting the company to be valued in excess of 750 million. As Vice President of Operations for
Haemacure Corp., the U.S. market leader in plasma-derived surgical hemostats and adhesives, Mr. Weisberg established and positioned the
company globally through negotiations and signing of multinational licensing and joint venture agreements. He guided growth and generated
revenue more than 30 million in an IPO, providing capital for growth and product development. 

He
joins the Endonovo executive team to structure and oversee the global expansion of licensing and distribution for SofPulse and Roma 
PEMF medical device technology. 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive
officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are
required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 

Key
Staff Member 

In
February 2022, we retained Garry Michael Kann, age 66, as Head of Corporate Development. Mr. Kann s primary responsibilities will
be to oversee the development of Endonovo s build up strategy of acquiring complementary specialty service providers
in the construction industry. Key responsibilities will be in identifying, performing due diligence on, evaluating, and otherwise assisting
in company mergers and acquisitions, principally in the specialty construction industry. 

For
more than the past five years, Mr. Kann has been the CEO of Firebird Partners, a private investment firm, and chairs the Capital Markets
Group at Mosaic Capital LLC, a financial advisory firm both located in Los Angeles, California. Mr. Kann has been a prominent corporate
finance professional in the United States on both the East and West Coasts for over 30 years. Over that time, he has been an innovator
in asset backed financial instruments and has worked with clientele around the globe including Europe, Asia, Central and South America.
As an investment banker he has completed more than 60 mergers and acquisition transactions exceeding 2 billion in value. Previously,
while in senior management positions for a wide variety of financial institutions serving the middle market, he structured and completed
more than 200 transactions exceeding several billion dollars in value. 

On
December 1, 2022, the Company executed an independent contractual agreement with Ira Weisberg as the Company s medical device
division President and Chief Commercial Officer. Ira Weisberg will be responsible for expanding global sales
and marketing operations of SofPulse and Roma Pulsed Electro magnetic Frequency (PEMF) medical devices distribution
globally. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
do not have a code of ethics that applies to our officers, employees, and directors. The Company does not have any employees for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
business and affairs of the company are managed under the direction of our board. We have a board consisting of one member. In addition
to the contact information in this annual report, each stockholder will be given specific information on how he/she can direct communications
to the officers and our director of the corporation. All material communications from stockholders are relayed to our board. 

44 

Role
in Risk Oversight 

Our
board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. The board receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our company s assessment of risks. The board focuses on
the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy and ensures that risks undertaken
by our company are consistent with the board s appetite for risk. While the board oversees our company s risk management,
management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective
approach for addressing the risks facing our company and that our board leadership structure supports this approach. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own
more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons
are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms, we believe
that during the year ended December 31, 2022. there were no delinquent filers. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following executive of the Company earned compensation in the amounts set forth in the chart below for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021. No other item of compensation was paid to any officer or director of the Company other than reimbursement of expenses. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 

Alan
 Collier, CEO, Interim 
 2022 
 300,000 
 - 
 550,000 
 - 
 850,000 
 
 CFO,
 Secretary and Director ) 
 2021 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 

)
Salary information as reflected above represents compensation earned but not paid based on the terms of the consulting agreement. The
Company s Chief Executive was paid 170,000 as compensation. The Company s Chief Executive Officer advanced 28,021 for corporate
expenses, of which 25,521 was reimbursed by the Company leaving a balance of 2,625 in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s Chief Executive was paid 243,650 as compensation and receive 13,405 of expenses
reimbursement and 6,529 of accounts payable. 

On
April 12, 2022, a Company controlled by our Chief Executive Officer, received 25,000,000 shares of common
stock with an estimated fair value of 550,000. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 
 Alan
 Collier, CEO, Interim 
 5,000 
 - 
 54.00 
 4/17/2027 
 
 CFO,
 Secretary and Director 

45 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
directors receive no compensation for serving as directors. However, the Company may reimburse its directors for any out-of-pocket cost
reasonably incurred to attend a Board meeting. 

Compensation
Agreements 

All
of the new officers pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement dated March 14, 2012, have agreed to accrue and defer payment
of their compensation until the Company has generated sufficient financing proceeds or revenue to pay such compensation. Mr. Collier
received compensation of 25,000 per month. No compensation was provided for Michael Mann (former President of the Company) during the
year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. Mr. Mann has been acting as an advisor since he retired on February 28, 2019. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of April 13, 2023, for (i)
each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive
officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares:
(i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person
has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise
indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised
solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of April 13, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire
within 60 days of April 13, 2023, is deemed to be outstanding but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership. Unless otherwise specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is care of the company at the address of 6320
Canoga Avenue, 15th Floor Woodland Hills, CA 91367. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount
 of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent
 of Ownership (2) 

Alan
 Collier 
 45,031,219 
 16.7 
 
 James
 Greenland 
 20,175,000 
 7.5 
 
 Michael
 Mann 
 13,525,437 
 5.0 
 
 All
 officers and directors as a group (1 person) 
 45,031,219 
 16.7 

(1)
 
 This
 includes common shares controlled by Mr. Collier, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. 

(2)
 
 Based
 on shares of common stock outstanding as of April 14, 2023. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
February 10, 2015, the Company issued a promissory note to Michael Mann (former President) for a principal amount of 50,000. The Note
carries an interest rate of 12 per annum and a maturity date of June 4, 2015, with interest due monthly. On September 29, 2019, the
maturity date of the promissory note was extended to December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a remaining
principal balance of 12,100 and 26,100, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has repaid 14,000
and 16,900 in cash, respectively. 

46 

On
December 21, 2017, the Company issued a promissory note to Michael Mann (former President) for a principal amount of 100,000. The Note
carries an interest rate of 10 per annum and a maturity date of March 22, 2018, with interest due monthly. On September 29, 2019, the
maturity date of the promissory note was extended to December 31, 2019. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a remaining
principal balance of 100,000. 

The
outstanding notes to Mr. Mann equal to 112,100 and 126,100 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In the opinion
of management, these notes were on terms no less favorable to the lender than the Company might have obtained from an unaffiliated party. 

Director
Independence 

We
do not have any independent directors. Because our common stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange, we have used
the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides
that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company or any other individual having
a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ listing rules provide that a director cannot be considered independent
if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of the company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from the company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of the company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling stockholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which the company made, or from which the company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of the company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of the Company s outside auditor, and who worked on the company s audit. 

Mr.
Alan Collier is not considered independent because he is the Company s Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer. 

We
do not currently have a separately designated audit, nominating or compensation committee. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 101,915 and 98,250, respectively, for
professional services rendered for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Audit
Related Fees 

There
were no fees for audit related services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

47 

Tax
Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 7,195 and 8,400 for professional services
rendered for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

For
the Company s fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we were billed approximately 500 and 0, respectively. 

The
Company did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Effective
May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render any
auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 

approved
 by our audit committee; or 

entered
 into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are
 detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include
 delegation of the audit committee s responsibilities to management. 

We
do not have an audit committee. Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. The pre-approval
process has just been implemented in response to the new rules. Therefore, our board of directors does not have records of what percentage
of the above fees was pre-approved. However, all of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors
either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which are set forth in the index to Consolidated Financial
Statements of this report. 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 18 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 20 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 21 

Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Deficit 
 22 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 24 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 25 

(2)
Financial Statements Schedules: None. 

48 

(3)
Exhibits 

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on March 21, 2012 (Incorporated by reference from exhibit 2.1 to our annual financial statements on Form 10-K filed with the SEC
 on May 4, 2020). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
 22, 2011). 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws
 (Incorporated by reference to the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2011). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger (Delaware reincorporation). Incorporated by reference to the registration statement filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on September 22, 2011. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation (Super AA Voting Preferred). Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
 31, 2012 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment -Name Change (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on January 24, 2014). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment Increase Authorized Shares (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on January 24, 2014). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment Reverse Stock Split (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Form S-1 amendment filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2016). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission February 10, 2017). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation Series C Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission December 26, 2017). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment Authorizing additional Shares (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission on September 18, 2018). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to like numbered Exhibit to Registration on Form S-1 amendment filed on June
 10, 2016). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Azure Capital, dated as of December 31, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to like numbered
 exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 3, 2018). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement by and between the Company and Azure Capital, dated as of December 31, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to like numbered
 exhibit to Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 3, 2018). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Acquisition
 Agreement between the Company and We Heal Animals, Inc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 November 19, 2013). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Settlement
 and Mutual Release, effective November 22, 2018, between the Company and Rio Grande Neurosciences, LLC (Incorporation by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 26, 2017). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement dated as of November 30, 2018, between the Company and Eagle Equities, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2018). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Secured
 1,500,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of November 30, 2018, issued by the Company and Eagle Equities, LLC (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on December 7, 2018). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 

In
 accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and not filed. 

XBRL
 (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of this annual report or purposes of Sections
 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 17th day of April 2023. 

ENDONOVO
 THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Alan Collier 

Alan
 Collier 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Duly
 Authorized, Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Alan Collier 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Alan
 Collier 
 
 (Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Alan Collier, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; and 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; and 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

Signature: 
 /s/
 Alan Collier 

Name: 
 Alan
 Collier 

Title: 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that based on his knowledge: 

1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

/s/
 Alan Collier 

Alan
 Collier 

Chairman,
 Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 endv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 endv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 endv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 endv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

