<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_849636_0001493152-23-012542.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9813530</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403022</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1317632</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4016840</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1780667</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2031673</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012542.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417161607
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012542
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000849636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330303583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16467
		FILM NUMBER:		23824152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126 VALLEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			GLEN ROCK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07452
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201) 444-4947

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		126 VALLEY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			GLEN ROCK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07452

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012542.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual
 Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

Transition
 Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. YES 
 NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements or the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). YES 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately (based on the closing
sale price of the common stock as reported by the OTC QB) on June 30, 2022. 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 33 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 49 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 49 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 59 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

Signatures 
 72 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

2 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms RespireRx, the Company, we, us and
 our refer to RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. a Delaware corporation, and, unless the context indicates otherwise, its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

INTRODUCTORY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., referred to herein as our 2022 Annual Report RespireRx 
and together with RespireRx s wholly owned subsidiary, Pier Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Pier ), the Company, 
 we, or our, unless the context indicates otherwise) contains certain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject
to the safe harbor created thereby. These might include statements regarding the Company s future plans, targets, estimates, assumptions,
financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations, and assumptions and predictions about research
and development efforts, including, but not limited to, preclinical and clinical research design, execution, timing, costs and results,
future product demand, supply, manufacturing, costs, marketing and pricing factors. 

In
some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words including assumes, could, ongoing, 
 potential, predicts, projects, should, will, would, 
 anticipates, believes, intends, estimates, expects, plans, 
 contemplates, targets, continues, budgets, may, or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words, and such statements
may include, but are not limited to, statements regarding (i) future research plans, expenditures and results, (ii) potential collaborative
arrangements, (iii) the potential utility of the Company s products candidates, (iv) reorganization plans, and (v) the need for,
and availability of, additional financing. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are
made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Offering
Circular. 

These
factors include but are not limited to, regulatory policies or changes thereto, available cash, research and development results, issuance
of patents, competition from other similar businesses, interest of third parties in collaborations with us, and market and general economic
factors, and other risk factors disclosed herein. 

You
should read these risk factors and the other cautionary statements made in the Company s filings as being applicable to all related
forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements
in this 2022 Annual Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on
forward-looking statements. You should read this 2022 Annual Report completely. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 

We
caution investors not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement that speaks only as of the date made and to recognize
that forward-looking statements are predictions of future results, which may not occur as anticipated. Actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and from historical results, due to the risks and uncertainties
described in this 2022 Annual Report, as well as others that we may consider immaterial or do not anticipate at this time. These
forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the Company s business and technology, which involve judgments
with respect to, among other things, future scientific, economic, regulatory and competitive conditions, collaborations with third
parties, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond
the Company s control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we do not know whether our expectations will prove correct. Our expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements can be
affected by inaccurate assumptions that we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including those described in
the 2021 Annual Report. These risks and uncertainties are not exclusive and further information concerning us and our business,
including factors that potentially could materially affect our financial results or condition, may emerge from time to
time. 

Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company does not undertake and specifically declines any obligation to update
any forward-looking statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any statements to reflect new information or future
events or developments. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

The
Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1987 as Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and changed its name to RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. in
2015. 

The
mission of the Company is to develop innovative and revolutionary treatments to combat disorders caused by disruption of neuronal
signaling. We are developing treatment options that address conditions affecting millions of people, but for which there are limited
or poor treatment options, including obstructive sleep apnea OSA ), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ADHD ), epilepsy, acute and chronic pain, including inflammatory and neuropathic pain, and recovery from spinal cord
injury SCI ), which are conditions that affect millions of people, as well as certain orphan disorders such as GRIA.
We are also considering developing treatment options for other conditions based on results of preclinical and clinical studies to
date. 

Our
major challenge has been to raise substantial equity or equity-linked financing to support research and development plans for our cannabinoid
and neuromodulator platforms, while minimizing the dilutive effect to pre-existing stockholders. At present, we believe that we are hindered
primarily by our public corporate structure, our OTC Pink Markets listing, and low market capitalization as a result of our low stock
price as well as the weakness of our balance sheet. 

For
this reason, the Company has effected an internal restructuring plan through which our two drug platforms have been reorganized into
separate business units that may in the future, be organized into subsidiaries of RespireRx. We believe that by creating one or more
subsidiaries, one of which was formed on January 11, 2023, to further the aims of ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx, it may be possible,
through separate finance channels, to unlock the unrealized asset values of each and set up its programs for partnering or
sale. 

This
restructuring plan is based upon our two research platforms: pharmaceutical cannabinoids and neuromodulators. The business unit focused
on pharmaceutical cannabinoids is referred to as ResolutionRx and the business unit focused on neuromodulators is referred to as EndeavourRx.
It is anticipated that the Company will use, at least initially, its management personnel to provide management, operational and oversight
services to these two business units. 

(i) 
 ResolutionRx
 Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company as of January 11, 2023, will hold our pharmaceutical cannabinoids platform, and is
 developing compounds that target the body s endocannabinoid system, and in particular, the re-purposing of dronabinol, an
 endocannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptor agonist, for the treatment of OSA. Dronabinol is already approved by the FDA for other
 indications. 

(ii) 
 EndeavourRx,
 our neuromodulators platform is made up of two programs: (a) our AMPAkines program, which is developing proprietary compounds that
 act as positive allosteric modulators PAMs of AMPA-type glutamate receptors to promote neuronal function and (b)
 our GABAkines program, which is developing proprietary compounds that act as PAMs of GABA A receptors, and which was established
 pursuant to our entry into a patent license agreement (the UWMRF Patent License Agreement with the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
 Research Foundation, Inc., an affiliate of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWMRF ). 

Management
has begun to organize our ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx business units into two independent subsidiaries: (i) a ResolutionRx
subsidiary which has been formed, and into which we intend to contribute our pharmaceutical cannabinoid platform and its related
tangible and intangible assets and certain of its liabilities and (ii) an EndeavourRx subsidiary, into which we would contribute our
part or all of our neuromodulator platform, including either or both the AMPAkine and GABAkine programs and their related tangible
and intangible assets and certain of their liabilities. 

Management
believes that there are advantages to separating these platforms formally into newly formed subsidiaries, including but not limited to
optimizing their asset values through separate financing channels and making them more attractive for capital raising as well as for
strategic transactions. 

The
Company is also engaged in business development efforts (licensing/sub-licensing, joint venture and other commercial structures) with
a view to securing strategic partnerships that represent strategic and operational infrastructure additions, as well as cash and in-kind
funding opportunities. These efforts have focused on, but have not been limited to, transacting with brand and generic pharmaceutical
and biopharmaceutical companies as well as companies with potentially useful contract research, formulation or manufacturing capabilities,
significant subject matter expertise and financial resources. No assurance can be given that any transaction will come to fruition and
that if it does, that the terms will be favorable to the Company. 

4 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company established ResolutionRx Ltd ResolutionRx (Australian Company Number or ACN: 664 925 651),
a new, currently wholly-owned, unlisted public company in Australia, as the first in a series of steps that include, but are not limited
to financings, research and clinical development, manufacturing, regulatory and compliance, all for the purpose of developing compounds
that target the body s endocannabinoid system, and in particular, the re-purposing of dronabinol, an endocannabinoid CB1 and CB2
receptor agonist, for the treatment of OSA. The Company will contribute via sub-license and license or other similar transaction structure,
certain dronabinol assets and liabilities to ResolutionRx. 

One
of the main purposes for the creation of ResolutionRx was to allow it to participate in the Research and Development Tax Incentive R DTI funding from the Australian government. According to the Australia government website
https://business.gov.au/grants-and-programs/research-and-development-tax-incentive, The Research and Development Tax
Incentive (R D Tax Incentive or R DTI) helps companies innovate and grow by offsetting some of the costs of eligible
research and development (R D). The R DTI is the sum of the R D company s corporate tax rate and an
incentive rate, subject to certain limitations. In the case of ResolutionRx, the R DTI is expected to be comprised of a
corporate tax rate of 25 plus the incentive rate of 18.5 for a total of 43.5 and would represent an annual refund after the
filing of ResolutionRx s annual tax return as of 30th June of each year. Subject to an application and a successful overseas
finding from the Australian government, certain overseas R D expenditures are qualified for the R DTI. 

On
January 27, 2023, ResolutionRx and Radium Capital Radium entered into a Letter of Intent LOI and Term
Sheet Term Sheet to enter into a series of loan agreements, which in the United States may be considered to be analogous
to a line of credit designed to finance research and development efforts prior to receipt of R DTI, in order to unlock research and
development tax credits available in Australia to companies like ResolutionRx. We believe that the LOI and Term Sheet create a means
of realizing the R DTI funds well in advance of the annual cash receipt from the Australian government and, as such, create a very
valuable non-dilutive means of supporting our R D efforts towards the commercialization of dronabinol for the treatment of OSA. 

Under
the LOI and Term Sheet, Radium has agreed to make advances to ResolutionRx pursuant to a predefined set of definitive documents,
during the course of the R D process (each advance is a separate secured loan, but the terms of the loans remain the same for
each advance), allowing ResolutionRx to access capital throughout the R D timeline rather than waiting until the annual tax
return is filed in Australia on a 30th June fiscal/tax year end in Australia. Radium will advance up to 80 of the anticipated
refund upon request of ResolutionRx (less than 80 is at the discretion of ResolutionRx), subject to appropriate documentation
including, but not limited to: (i) Radium s completion of satisfactory due diligence and investment committee approval, (ii)
confirmation that the client company is entitled to receive the refundable R D tax offset, (iii) a review by client
company s R D advisor (accountant) chosen from a list of acceptable advisors provided by Radium and receipt by Radium of a
 comfort letter from the review, (iv) receipt of details of the R D expenditure and refundable R D Tax Offset
(including incurred eligible R D expenditures, estimated R D Tax Offset and estimated Overseas Expenditure), and (v) receipt
by Radium of a letter from the client company s tax advisor (accountant) confirming all company tax obligations are up to
date. The annual interest rate on the loans as of February 23, 2023 for new clients is 16 . The loans will be secured by a first
ranking charge (in the United States, it would be thought of as a first lien) over the R D tax refund and a Featherweight
Security Agreement, which is a form of security agreement, which in this case, would give Radium, in a situation of Administration
under the Australian Corporation Act 2021 or other laws, rules and regulations, the right to control the tax and tax refund process.
The loans are repaid by assigning the refund to directly to Radium. 

On
February 27, 2023, ResolutionRx entered into a services agreement Services Agreement for preclinical and clinical research
and other related services with iNGENu CRO Pty Ltd iNGENu ), a contract research organization CRO with
headquarters in Melbourne, Australia. iNGENu is a bespoke contract research organization focused on cannabinoid and psychedelic clinical
research. Under the Services Agreement, iNGENu will act as a full-service CRO in support of ResolutionRx s research and development R D program, which is developing a proprietary formulation of dronabinol for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea
and anorexia. iNGENu will be responsible for conducting laboratory experiments to determine a final optimum dronabinol formulation, scaling
up and manufacturing the chosen formulation for clinical use, preparing and submitting regulatory documents and designing and conducting
clinical trials, including pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic, safety and pivotal efficacy studies. 

5 

Under
the Services Agreement, ResolutionRx will be required to make a US 50,000 deposit with iNGENu within 30 days of the rendering of the
first invoice by iNGENu. The deposit is to be applied to the final
research and development budget of approximately US 16.5 million, which has now been agreed and which deposit shall be credited against
the first invoice. The funding of this deposit and the commencement of the preclinical and clinical services is contingent upon successful
capital raising efforts which are currently underway. The successful completion of these efforts to raise sufficient capital to fund this
deposit and our other immediate obligations cannot be assured. 

These
agreements with Radium and iNGENu are the first steps in a series of transactions some of which have been completed,
some of which are in process and others which are anticipated to be completed in the near future, of which no assurance can be
provided: 

Completed 

- Formation
 of ResolutionRx as an Australian subsidiary of RespireRx, and all that was required in the
 formation process, including, among other things, the establishment of a board of directors,
 the appointment of officers and the engagement of accountants, as well as the opening of
 both Australian dollar and US dollar bank accounts. 
 
 - Entry
 into the Services Agreement with iNGENu. 
 
 - Entry
 into a letter of intent and term sheet with Radium Capital Radium for a series
 of debt financings of the R DTI. 
 
 - Engagement
 of Australian counsel. 

In
Process 

- Sub-licensing
 and licensing or otherwise making available certain dronabinol assets by RespireRx to ResolutionRx. 
 
 - ResolutionRx s
 payment of the iNGENu deposit. 
 
 - Obtaining
 an independent valuation report of the assets contributed to ResolutionRx. 
 
 - Complete term sheet negotiations with a US based private equity firm for the financing of 25 of agreed research
and development expenses incurred with iNGENu. 
 
 - Due
 diligence with one or more Australian fund-raising agents or advisors to raise additional
 unlisted finance in Australia, the completion of which cannot be assured, to support the
 balance of the anticipated R D expenditures as well as non-R D expenses, overhead
 and working capital (see above). 

Anticipated 

- ResolutionRx s commencement of research and development activities in Australia, with iNGENu as the CRO, including,
but not limited to initial manufacturing and bench testing of at least one new formulation of dronabinol, scale up of manufacturing for
clinical grade materials for the new formulation for the anticipated initial pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic study and regulatory matters. 
 
 - Hiring
 of a limited number of ResolutionRx employees and/or consultants in Australia. 
 
 - ResolutionRx s
 engagement of independent auditors. 
 
 - ResolutionRx s
 formal engagement of placement agent for a contemplated offering in Australia, the completion
 of which cannot be assured (see above). 
 
 - ResolutionRx s
 formal application for registration for the R DTI. 
 
 - R DTI
 financings with Radium. 
 
 - Filing
 in Australia for Overseas Finding(s) to enable access to the R DTI for qualified research
 and development activities taking place outside of Australia. 
 
 - Early
 preparation for a ResolutionRx initial public offering in Australia, and possibly other international
 markets at an appropriate future date. 

6 

Neurotransmission 

RespireRx
is developing drugs to modify neurotransmission and create advanced treatments for disorders with high unmet needs. Neurotransmission
is the basic process in the brain by which specialized nerve cells called neurons communicate information with each other. 

As
 illustrated in this figure, during neurotransmission, neurons release chemicals called neurotransmitters which attach to receptors,
 very specific protein structures residing on adjacent neurons. This enables neurons to communicate with one another by either increasing
 or decreasing the excitability of the neuron receiving the communication. For example, glutamate is the primary excitatory neurotransmitter
 in the brain, while gamma-amino-butyric acid GABA is the primary inhibitory neurotransmitter. Neurons also contain
 receptors for anandamide (AEA) and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), the brain s own natural cannabinoid (endocannabinoid) neurotransmitters. 

ResolutionRx
Ltd Pharmaceutical Cannabinoids 

Background 

The
term cannabinoid refers to pharmacologically active substances originally found within the cannabis plant that led to the discovery of
the body s own cannabinoids, termed endocannabinoids. Endocannabinoids are endogenous neurotransmitters located throughout the
brain and peripheral nervous system that are used by certain nerve cells to convey information from cell to cell. The two major endocannabinoids
that have been identified are anandamide (AEA) and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG), which are secreted and act upon CB1 and CB2 endocannabinoid
receptors, thereby influencing a variety of physiological functions, including respiration, appetite, convulsions and potentially others. 

Due
to the liberalization of state laws regulating the use and sales of cannabis over the last 5 years, a major industry has grown around
its commercialization. However, while cannabis use has been legalized in certain states, it still is not legal under federal statutes
and regulations. The medical use in the US of any pharmacological agent must be approved by the US Food and Drug Administration FDA and, to date, the FDA has not recognized or approved the cannabis plant as medicine nor is it federally legal to sell products that contain
cannabinoids as drugs or dietary supplements without its approval. 

Worldwide
clinical research efforts have established the cannabinoid class of compounds as bona fide pharmaceutical products, or pharmaceutical
cannabinoids, which are being developed and commercialized according to FDA regulatory and industry guidelines. Scientific research
and commercial development to date has focused primarily on two major cannabinoids, dronabinol and cannabidiol CBD ). This
research and development effort began in 1985 when dronabinol, a directly acting agonist on CB1 and CB2 receptors, was approved by the
FDA as Marinol for the treatment of AIDS-related anorexia and later for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea
and vomiting. Marinol , as well as generic dronabinol, is available in 2.5 mg, 5 mg, and 10 mg capsules, with a maximum
labelled dosage of 20 mg/day for the AIDS indication, or 15 mg/m 2 per dose for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 

This
regulatory breakthrough subsequently led to the 2018 FDA approval of Epidiolex , a proprietary oral solution of CBD sold
by GW Pharmaceuticals plc GW Pharma for the treatment of certain rare, treatment-resistant forms of epilepsy. Nabiximol ,
an oromucosal spray containing -9-THC and CBD, was approved under the tradename Sativex by applicable regulatory
authorities in 29 countries outside the United States and is marketed and distributed by GW Pharmaceuticals plc GW (On
May 5, 2021, GW and Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Jazz announced the completion of Jazz s acquisition of GW). 

The
commercialization of these pharmaceutical cannabinoids has opened the door to an expanding market sector. As part of our effort to capitalize
upon this opportunity, the Company has implemented an internal restructuring plan by forming ResolutionRx as an Australian subsidiary
focused on the pharmaceutical cannabinoid market. ResolutionRx s initial primary focus has been and will continue to be the re-purposing
of dronabinol using new proprietary formulations and therapeutic indications. Because dronabinol already is an approved drug, ResolutionRx
intends to use publicly available information, particularly safety data, in support of a 505(b)(2) New Drug Application NDA ),
generally a more rapid route to FDA approval than a standard 505(b)(1) NDA. 

7 

Obstructive
Sleep Apnea (OSA) 

OSA
involves a decrease or complete halt in airflow despite an ongoing effort to breathe during sleep. When the muscles relax during sleep,
soft tissue in the back of the throat collapses and obstructs the upper airway. ResolutionRx is developing dronabinol for the treatment
of OSA, a serious sleep-related breathing disorder that impacts more than 95 million people in the United States, Australia, Germany
and the United Kingdom. It has been linked to increased risk for hypertension, heart failure, depression, and diabetes, with an annual
economic cost in the United States alone of 162 billion according to the AASM (American Academy of Sleep Medicine). There are no approved
drug treatments for OSA and all current treatment options have serious drawbacks. We believe that a new drug therapy that is effective
in reducing the medical and economic burden of OSA would have major benefits for the treatment of this costly disease indication. 

OSA
remains significantly under-recognized, as only 20 of cases in the United States according to the AASM and 20 of cases globally have
been properly diagnosed. About 24 percent of adult men and 9 percent of adult women are believed to have the breathing symptoms of OSA
with or without daytime sleepiness. OSA significantly impacts the lives of sufferers who do not get enough sleep; their quality of sleep
is deteriorated such that daily function is compromised and limited. OSA is associated with decreased quality of life, significant functional
impairment, and increased risk of road traffic accidents, especially in professions like road and rail transportation and shipping. 

Continuous
Positive Airway Pressure CPAP is the most common treatment for OSA. CPAP devices work by blowing pressurized air into
the nose (or mouth and nose), which keeps the pharyngeal airway open. Patients must use the device whenever they sleep. Reduction of
the apnea-hypopnea index AHI is the standard objective measure of therapeutic response in OSA. Apnea is the cessation
of breathing for 10 seconds or more and hypopnea is a reduction in breathing. AHI is the sum of apnea and hypopnea events per hour. In
the sleep laboratory, CPAP is highly effective at reducing AHI. However, the device is cumbersome and difficult for many patients to
tolerate. Most studies describe that 25-50 of patients refuse to initiate or completely discontinue CPAP use within the first several
months and that most patients who continue to use the device do so only intermittently. 

Oral
devices may be an option for patients who cannot tolerate CPAP. Several dental devices are available. The cost of these devices tends
to be high and side effects associated with them include night-time pain, dry lips, tooth discomfort, and excessive salivation. 

Patients
with clinically significant OSA who cannot be treated adequately with CPAP or oral devices may elect to undergo surgery, the most common
form of which involves the removal of excess tissue in the throat to make the airway wider. Patients who undergo surgery for the treatment
of OSA risk complications. Surgery is often unsuccessful, and at present, no method exists to reliably predict therapeutic outcome from
surgery. 

In
2014, another surgical option first became available based on upper airway stimulation. This was later followed by a second-generation
medical device cleared by the FDA in 2017. It is a combination of an implantable nerve stimulator and an external remote controlled by
the patient. The implanted device stimulates the hypoglossal nerve, which controls the tongue. The device is turned on at night and off
in the morning by the patient with the remote. 

The
Company s Research Efforts Regarding the Treatment of OSA with Cannabinoids 

Prior
to the formation of ResolutionRx, the Company conducted a 21-day, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose escalation Phase
2A clinical study in 22 patients with OSA, in which FDA approved and commercially available dronabinol produced a statistically significant
reduction in AHI, the primary therapeutic end-point, and was observed to be safe and well tolerated, with the frequency of side effects
no different from placebo. This clinical trial provided data supporting the submission of patent applications claiming unique dosage
strengths, blood levels and controlled release formulations optimized for use in the treatment of OSA. 

8 

With
approximately 5 million in funding from the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health NIH ),
Dr. David Carley of the University of Illinois at Chicago UIC ), along with his colleagues at UIC and Northwestern University,
completed a Phase 2B multi-center, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of FDA approved and commercially available dronabinol
in patients with OSA. This study, named Pharmacotherapy of Apnea with Cannabimimetic Enhancement PACE replicated
our earlier Phase 2A study. The authors published in the January 2018 issue of the journal SLEEP and reported that, in a dose-dependent
fashion, treatment with 2.5 mg and 10 mg of dronabinol once per day at night significantly reduced, compared to placebo, AHI during sleep
in 56 evaluable patients with moderate to severe OSA who completed the study. Additionally, treatment with 10 mg of dronabinol significantly
improved daytime sleepiness as measured by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale and achieved the greatest overall patient satisfaction. As in
our previous Phase 2A study, dronabinol was observed to be safe and well tolerated, with the frequency of side effects no different from
placebo. The Company did not manage this clinical trial, which was funded entirely by the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute of
NIH. 

The
Opportunity to Improve Dronabinol Formulations 

A
major factor limiting the use of dronabinol for other indications stems from its current formulation as a soft gelatin capsule that suffers
from several major deficiencies: 

First,
dronabinol is not water soluble and exhibits poor and erratic absorption. The market-dominant commercial gel cap formulation of dronabinol
is currently formulated as a sesame oil-based liquid within a soft gelatin capsule. The absorption of dronabinol after oral administration
is poor and highly variable with some patients achieving very high levels and others achieving very low levels. This erratic absorption
may be responsible for the variable therapeutic responses observed in dronabinol clinical trials. Syndros , on the other
hand, is formulated as a dronabinol solution in dehydrated alcohol, polyethylene glycol and other materials and exhibits its own challenges
and deficiencies, including but not limited to it being classified as a Schedule II drug by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
(the DEA as compared to the capsule formulation that is classified as a Schedule III drug. Syndros is
no longer being marketed. 

Second,
dronabinol is rapidly and extensively (approximately 80 metabolized upon first pass through the liver, resulting in low blood levels.
Additionally, dronabinol has a relatively short half-life (approximately 3 4 hours) and, in its present formulation, is not optimally
suited for therapeutic indications requiring controlled and sustained blood levels. 

Third,
in order to achieve sustained, therapeutic blood levels, we have found it necessary to use higher doses of dronabinol in our OSA clinical
trials. For example, over an 8-hour period, the 2.5 mg and 10 mg doses produced therapeutically equivalent effects during the first 4
hours, but only the 10 mg dose produced therapeutic effects during the second 4 hours. Unfortunately, the 10 mg dose can produce a higher
occurrence of side effects than the 2.5 mg dose (as described in the Marinol package insert). We are currently developing
new formulations that would achieve the blood levels produced by the lower doses for a sustained time period, resulting in the desired
therapeutic effect(s) while minimizing undesirable side effects. 

In
order to circumvent these problems, we have designated certain important properties around which we have created a number of lipid nanoparticle
(LNP) formulations of dronabinol, three (3) of which (i) display appropriate water solubility and dissolution to improve absorption,
(ii) nanoparticle size and resistance to stomach acid conditions in order to reduce first pass liver metabolism and achieve higher and
longer blood levels, as well as (iii) stability and ease of manufacturing to support commercial scale. Under the terms of the Services
Agreement, iNGENu is preparing to test these formulations in human pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) studies. We believe
that the development of a novel, proprietary formulation of dronabinol would not require significantly longer time to market entry
compared to what would be required if we were to use the currently available soft gel capsule technology. 

The
Company s Cannabinoid Intellectual Property Rights 

On
June 27, 2014, RespireRx entered into an exclusive license agreement (the 2014 License Agreement with the University of
Illinois at Chicago UIC that replaced a 2007 license agreement with Pier that had been terminated. The 2014 License Agreement
was first amended on August 2, 2017. 

9 

RespireRx
and the Board of Trustees of University of Illinois agreed to a second amendment Second Amendment to the 2014
License Agreement, as amended. The Second Amendment is effective as of December 15, 2022. 

The
parties entered into the Second Amendment in order to add new definitions for and payment obligations related to Deferred Compensation
Annual Net Sales Payments and Deferred Compensation Annual Minimum Payment(s) with an extension of the term of the License in consideration
for modifying financial terms and timelines. 

Summarizing
the above: (i) the definition of Product now includes any product or process that would have been enforceable under the Patent after
the Patent Rights have expired, (ii) Deferred Compensation Annual Net Sales Payments means those payment obligations calculated on Net
Sales as set forth in Schedule 2, as amended, but which only become due and payable after the expiration of the Patent Rights and shall
not be due and payable while any of the Patent Rights have not yet expired and (iii) Deferred Compensation Minimum Payment(s) means those
annual payment obligations set forth in Schedule 2 as amended, which shall only become due and payable after the expiration of the Patent
Rights and shall not be due and payable while any of the Patent Rights have not yet expired. 

The
logic behind extending certain financial obligations is based in part on the filing by the Company of a new patent application that was
considered for, but not incorporated into the License. In lieu of incorporating the new patent into the License, the parties agreed to
the new definitions described in (ii) and (iii) above but limited to eight (8) years after the Patent Rights have expired. Therefore,
the new patent is not part of the definition of Patent Rights but the amendment does provide the potential for a similar economic benefit
to the Licensor as if the new patent were assigned to the Licensor and became part of the License. 

A
number of additional changes, deletions and additions were made to various sections of the License. 

Selected
portions of Schedule 2 that were amended are summarized below: 

- 
 Elimination
 of the 100,000 annual payments due by the Company to the Licensor from December 31, 2021 and later. That means that the unpaid amount
 of 100,000 for the calendar year 2021 is no longer due and payable and that no payment for 2022 is due and payable 

- 
 Addition
 of 4 royalty with respect to Net Sales by Licensee or Sublicensee as Deferred Compensation Annual Net Sales Payments 

- 
 The
 150,000 amount that would have been due upon application for regulatory approval has now been eliminated, and instead replaced with
 a 350,000 amount due the first year with a market approval from the US FDA or a foreign equivalent and every year thereafter, until
 first commercial sale of a Product. 

- 
 The
 250,000 annual minimum amount that would have been due the first year of commercial sale of a Product and every year thereafter
 is now 400,00. The annual minimum amounts may be satisfied in part or in whole with royalty payments. 

- 
 The
 original 75,000 milestone payment that was originally due upon the dosing of a 1 st patient with a Product in a Phase
 II study not sponsored by the Licensor or the dosing of a 1 st patient in a Phase II study with a low dose reformulation
 of dronbaninol, has been amended to a 10,000 payment due after the dosing of the 1 st patient with a Product in a Phase
 II study anywhere in the world 

- 
 The
 350,000 milestone payment that would have due upon dosing of the 1 st patient with a Product in a Phase III study is now
 two payments totaling 500,000, 150,000 of which is due upon the dosing of a 1 st patient in a Phase III study anywhere
 in the world and 350,000 due upon the earlier of enrolling 80 of the patients with a Product in the Phase III study or one year
 after the initiation of the Phase III study or the termination of the Phase III study 

- 
 The
 500,000 and 1,000,000 milestones due after the first NDA and within twelve months of commercial sale respectively remain unchanged 

- 
 Royalty
 stacking provisions remain unchanged. 

10 

RespireRx
is in the process of transferring to ResolutionRx exclusive worldwide rights to issued and pending patents claiming cannabinoid compositions
and methods for treating cannabinoid-sensitive disorders, including sleep apnea, pain, glaucoma, muscular spasticity, anorexia and other
conditions. In January 2021, we filed a provisional patent application further disclosing novel dosages, controlled release compositions
and methods of use for cannabinoids, and in January 2021, a provisional patent application further disclosing novel dosage and controlled
release compositions and methods of use for cannabinoids, alone or in combination, including with cannabinoid and non-cannabinoid molecules.
Specific claims describe low dosage strengths and controlled release formulations for attaining a therapeutic window of cannabinoid blood
levels that produce the desired therapeutic effect(s) for a controlled period of time, while minimizing undesirable side effects. In
January 2022, we filed a provisional patent application describing novel lipid based formulation technology (LFT) that may be used to
improve the solubility and bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs, particularly cannabinoids such as dronabinol. Certain original patents
were filed by RespireRx and are now included in the 2014 License Agreement. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies University
of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License Agreement in the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. While
no assurances can be provided that the claims in our patent applications will be allowed in whole or in part, or that the patents will
ultimately issue, we believe that these new filings, if allowed, will provide market protections through January 2042. 

Data
from our Phase 2 clinical trials has allowed us to design new proprietary formulations of dronabinol, disclosed in our patent filings
and optimized for the treatment of not only OSA, but also other indications. If successful in our development efforts, we believe that
a proprietary formulation of dronabinol, based on our recently filed provisional patent applications for LFT and pending patents for
low-dose and extended release dronabinol, could lead to a highly marketable commercial formulation of dronabinol for use not only in
the treatment of OSA but also other indications, including anorexia. We also believe that such novel, proprietary formulations of dronabinol
would extend market exclusivity, increase market value and be more interesting to certain potential strategic partners. 

Proposed
Regulatory Approach for Dronabinol in the United States 

In
conjunction with its management and consultants, the ResolutionRx intends to file a new US NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (as amended, the FDCA and such NDA a 505(b)(2) NDA ), claiming the efficacy and
safety of our proposed proprietary dronabinol formulation in the treatment of OSA. We believe the use of dronabinol for the treatment
of OSA is a novel indication for an already approved drug, making it eligible for a 505(b)(2) NDA, as opposed to the submission and approval
of a full 505(b)(1) NDA. 

The
505(b)(2) NDA was created by the Hatch-Waxman Act, as amended (the Hatch-Waxman Act ), which amended the FDCA to help avoid
unnecessary duplication of studies already performed on a previously approved drug. As amended, the FDCA gives the FDA express permission
to rely on data not developed by the NDA applicant. Accordingly, a 505(b)(2) NDA must contain full safety and effectiveness reports but
allows at least some of the information required for NDA approval, such as safety and efficacy information about the active ingredient,
to come from studies not conducted by or for the applicant. This can result in a less expensive and faster route to approval, compared
with a traditional development path, such as 505(b)(1), while still allowing for the creation of new, differentiated products. The 505(b)(2)
NDA regulatory path offers the applicant market protections, such as market exclusivity, under the Hatch-Waxman Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder. Other, international regulatory routes are available to pursue proprietary formulations of dronabinol and would provide further
market protections. For example, in Europe, a regulatory approval route similar to the 505(b)(2) pathway is the hybrid procedure based
on Article 10 of Directive 2001/83/EC. 

We
have worked with regulatory consultants who will assist with FDA filings and regulatory strategy. If we can secure sufficient financing,
of which no assurance can be provided, we anticipate requesting a pre-Investigational New Drug application pre-IND meeting
with the FDA. This meeting also could create the type of dialogue with the FDA that is normally communicated at an end-of-Phase 2 meeting.
The FDA responses to this meeting will be incorporated into an Investigational New Drug Application IND ). 

ResolutionRx
intends to pursue a similar strategy in other worldwide territories where similar regulatory opportunities are believed to exist. 

11 

When
the PK/PD study is completed, we anticipate conducting, in parallel with a Phase 3 clinical study, two standard Phase 1 clinical studies
to determine potential abuse liability and next day driving ability. When a Phase 3 study is required for a 505(b)(2), usually only one
study with fewer patients is necessary versus the two, large scale, confirmatory studies generally required for the standard 505(b)(1)
NDA. While no assurance can be provided, with an extensive safety database tracking chronic, long-term use of Marinol 
and generics, we believe that the FDA should not have major safety concerns with dronabinol in the treatment of OSA. 

The
Company has worked with the investigators who conducted the Phase 2B clinical trial and our Clinical Advisory Panel to design a draft
Phase 3 protocol summary that, based on the experience and results from the Phase 2A and Phase 2B trials, we believe will provide sufficient
data for FDA approval of a RespireRx dronabinol controlled release formulation for OSA. The current version of the protocol is designed
as a 90-day randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study of dronabinol in the treatment of OSA. Depending on feedback from the FDA,
the Company estimates that the Phase 3 trial would require between 120 and 300 patients at 15 to 20 sites, and take 18 to 24 months to
complete, at a cost of between 10 million and 14 million. 

We
believe our rights under the Purisys Agreement would help facilitate regulatory approval. Under the Purisys Agreement, Purisys has agreed,
at no cost to us, to (i) provide all of the API estimated to be needed for the clinical development process, three validation batches
for NDA filings and adequate supply for the initial inventory stocking for the wholesale and retail channels, subject to certain limitations,
(ii) maintain or file valid DMFs with the FDA or any other regulatory authority and provide the Company with access or a right of reference
letter entitling the Company to make continuing reference to the DMFs during the term of the agreement in connection with any regulatory
filings made with the FDA by the Company, (iii) participate on a development committee, and (iv) make available its regulatory consultants,
collaborate with any regulatory consulting firms engaged by the Company and participate in all FDA or DEA meetings as appropriate and
as related to the API. 

In
consideration for these supplies and services, the Company has agreed to (i) purchase exclusively from Purisys, during the commercialization
phase, all API for these products at a pre-determined price subject to certain producer price adjustments and (ii) allow Purisys s
participation in the economic success of the commercialized products up to the earlier of the achievement of a maximum dollar amount
or the expiration of a period of time. 

Large
Commercial Opportunity 

As
a serious public health issue, the important need for diagnosing and ultimately treating OSA has recently been highlighted by the FDA
clearance of several sleep apnea home test kits that are now third party reimbursed. Further highlighting this need, CVS Health Corporation
(NYSE: CVS) announced the implementation of a program to diagnose and treat OSA initially within its own in-store, walk-in MinuteClinics.
It is possible that, in the near future, individuals will be able to diagnose sleep apnea using smart watches. We expect the number of
people diagnosed with sleep apnea and eligible for treatment to increase dramatically. We believe that the combination of more efficient
and patient friendly diagnostic procedures and, ultimately, pharmaceutical treatments such as those we are developing will encourage
more patients to seek diagnosis and treatment. There are an estimated between 29.4 and 54.1 million people in the United States (American
Association of Sleep Medicine and Lancet Respiratory Medicine, respectively). There are currently no drugs approved for the treatment
of OSA. 

EndeavourRx
 Neuromodulators 

Background 

As
described above, during the neurotransmission process, neurons release neurotransmitters that attach to specific receptors residing on
adjacent neurons, enabling them to communicate with one another and produce excitatory or inhibitory effects. For example, glutamate
is the primary excitatory neurotransmitter in the brain and GABA is the primary inhibitory neurotransmitter. While the neurotransmitter
attachment site on each of these receptors does not change, the receptor protein subunit structures can vary so that the receptors can
produce a variety of effects. With the AMPA glutamate receptor, the binding of glutamate or an artificial agonist to its attachment site
causes a change in the structure of the AMPA receptor resulting in an influx of cations and an increased excitability. Likewise, in the
case of the GABA A receptor, the binding of GABA or an artificial agonist to its attachment site causes a change in the structure
of the GABA A receptor ion channel and increases the flow of chloride ions (negatively charged anion) into the cell, resulting
in decreased excitability. 

12 

Neurotransmitter
receptor proteins also may contain auxiliary allosteric binding sites, which are located adjacent to the agonist binding
sites at which neurotransmitters act. Unlike neurotransmitters, neuromodulators are drugs that act at these allosteric binding sites
rather than directly at the agonist binding site. They can act either as PAMs, which enhance, or as negative allosteric modulators NAMs ),
which reduce, the actions of neurotransmitters at their primary receptor sites. Neuromodulators have no intrinsic activity of their own.
We have coined the terms AMPAkines and GABAkines to refer to drugs that act as PAMs at the AMPA and GABA A
 receptors, respectively. By enhancing the effects of neurotransmitters without altering the normal pattern of neuronal activity,
neuromodulators offer the possibility of developing kinder and gentler neuropharmacological drugs effective in certain
neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders, with greater pharmacological specificity and reduced side effects. 

Proposed
Regulatory Approach for AMPAkines and GABAkines 

In
conjunction with its management and consultants, the Company intends to initially perform appropriate and required preclinical studies
with its GABAkines and file INDs to commence clinical trials with one or more of those drug candidates and either amend existing INDs
or file new INDs for its AMPAkines in order to conduct additional clinical trials with those drug candidates. If such studies safely
show statistically significant improvement in appropriate clinical endpoints they would likely result in the filing of one or more NDAs
for the AMPAkine(s) under Section 505(b)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act as amended, the traditional regulatory path for
new chemical entities (NCEs). The NDAs for the GABAkine drug product candidates, also would be filed as 505(b)(1) NDAs. 

As
part of our effort to capitalize upon a possible market opportunity with respect to neuromodulators, the Company has implemented an internal
restructuring plan, by which EndeavourRx became a stand-alone business unit focused on the neuromodulator market. EndeavourRx comprises
our AMPAkine program and our GABAkine program. 

AMPAkines 

The
Company is developing a class of proprietary compounds known as AMPAkines, which are PAMs of the AMPA glutamate receptor. AMPAkines are
small molecule compounds that enhance the excitatory actions of glutamate at the AMPA receptor complex, which mediates most excitatory
transmission in the central nervous system CNS ). Through an extensive translational research effort from the cellular
level through Phase 2 clinical trials, we have developed a family of AMPAkines, including CX717, CX1739 and CX1942 that may have clinical
application in the treatment of CNS-driven neurobehavioral and cognitive disorders, spinal cord injury SCI ), neurological
diseases, and certain orphan indications. CX717 and CX1739, our lead clinical compounds, have successfully completed multiple Phase 1
safety trials with no drug-associated serious adverse events. Both compounds have also completed Phase 2 efficacy trials demonstrating
target engagement, by antagonizing the process of opioid-induced respiratory depression OIRD ). CX717 has successfully
completed a Phase 2 trial demonstrating the ability to significantly reduce the symptoms of adult ADHD. In an early Phase 2 study, CX1739
improved breathing in patients with central sleep apnea. In addition, preclinical studies have highlighted the potential ability of these
AMPAkines to improve motor function in animals with SCI. Subject to raising sufficient financing (of which no assurance can be provided),
we believe that we will be able to initiate a human Phase 2 study with CX1739 in patients with SCI and a human Phase 2 study in patients
with ADHD using either CX1739 or CX717. 

AMPAkines
as Treatment for ADHD 

ADHD
is a relatively common neurobehavioral disorder. Currently available treatments for ADHD include amphetamine-type stimulants and non-stimulant
agents targeting monoaminergic neurotransmitter systems in the brain. However, these neurotransmitter systems are not restricted to the
brain and are widely found throughout the body. Thus, while these agents can be effective in ameliorating ADHD symptoms, they also can
produce adverse cardiovascular effects, such as increased heart rate and blood pressure. Existing treatments also affect eating habits
and can reduce weight gain and growth in children and have been associated with suicidal ideation in adolescents and adults. In addition,
approved stimulant treatments are DEA classified as controlled substances and present logistical issues for distribution and protection
from diversion. Approved non-stimulant treatments, such as atomoxetine (Strattera and its generic equivalents), can take four to
eight weeks to become effective and undesirable side effects also have been observed. 

13 

Various
investigators have generated data supporting the concept that alterations in AMPA receptor function might underlie the production of
some of the symptoms of ADHD. In rodent and primate models of cognition, AMPAkines have been demonstrated to reduce inattention and impulsivity,
two of the cardinal symptoms of ADHD. Furthermore, AMPAkines do not stimulate spontaneous locomotor activity in either mice or rats,
unlike the stimulants presently used for the treatment of ADHD, nor do they increase the stimulation produced by amphetamine or cocaine.
These preclinical considerations prompted us to conduct a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, two period crossover study to
assess the efficacy and safety of CX717 in adults with ADHD. 

In
a repeated measures analysis, a statistically significant treatment effect on the ADHD Rating Scale ADHD-RS ), the primary
outcome measure, was observed after a three-week administration of CX717, at a dose of 800 mg BID. Differences between this dose of CX717
and placebo were observed as early as week one of treatment and continued throughout the remainder of the study. The low dose of CX717,
200 mg BID, did not differ from placebo. In general, results from both the ADHD-RS hyperactivity and inattentiveness subscales, which
were secondary efficacy variables, paralleled the results of the total score. CX717 was considered safe and well tolerated. 

Based
on these clinical results, we believe that AMPAkines such as CX717 or CX1739 might represent a breakthrough opportunity to develop a
non-stimulating therapeutic for ADHD with the rapidity of onset normally seen with stimulants. 

AMPAkines
as Treatment for SCI 

AMPAkines
also may have potential utility in the treatment and management of SCI to enhance motor functions and improve the quality of life for
SCI patients. An estimated 17,000 new cases of SCI occur each year in the United States, most a result of automobile accidents. Currently,
there are roughly 282,000 people living in the United States with spinal cord injuries, which often produce impaired motor function. 

SCI
can profoundly impair neural plasticity leading to significant morbidity and mortality in human accident victims. Plasticity is a fundamental
property of the nervous system that enables continuous alteration of neural pathways and synapses in response to experience or injury.
A large body of literature exists regarding the ability of AMPAkines to stimulate neural plasticity, possibly due to an enhanced synthesis
and secretion of various growth factors. 

We
have been working with Dr. David Fuller at the University of Florida, a long-time collaborator who has funding from NIH, to evaluate
the use of AMPAkines CX1739 and CX717 for the treatment of compromised motor function in models of SCI. Using rodents that have received
spinal hemi-sections, the AMPAkines were observed to increase motor nerve activity bilaterally. The effect on the hemisected side was
greater than that measured on the intact side, with the recovery approximating that seen on the intact side prior to administration of
AMPAkine. The doses of AMPAkines active in SCI were comparable to those demonstrating antagonism of OIRD, indicating target engagement
of the AMPA receptors. 

A
published paper by Dr Fuller entitled Ampakines stimulate diaphragm activity after spinal cord injury http://doi.org/10.1089/neu.2021.0301) describes research conducted in awake freely moving rats as late as two weeks after having previously undergone
unilateral spinal hemi-transection at the C2 spinal level. For the first time, low dose administration of either CX1739 or CX717 was
shown to improve not only motor nerve and muscle activity recorded electrophysiologically from the lesioned side, but to significantly
improve actual motor functioning and breathing, even under challenging conditions. The importance of these findings is described in the
article by pointing out that the majority of the approximately 500,000 annual SCI cases reported globally involve injuries to the cervical
spinal cord and, in severe cases, require the use of mechanical ventilation or direct diaphragm pacing to sustain ventilation. Also,
in confirmation of previously reported results in anesthetized animals, the AMPAkines improved, in awake freely moving animals, the motor
facilitation produced by an episode of acute intermittent hypoxia AIH ), a treatment currently used in the rehabilitation
of SCI patients. 

14 

These
animal models of motor nerve function following SCI support proof of concept for a new treatment paradigm using AMPAkines to improve
motor functions in patients with SCI. With additional funding granted by NIH to Dr. Fuller, the Company is continuing its collaborative
preclinical research with him, while it is planning a clinical trial program focused on developing AMPAkines for the restoration of certain
motor functions in patients with SCI. The Company is working with researchers at highly regarded clinical sites to finalize a Phase 2
clinical trial protocol. We believe that a clinical study could be initiated within several months of raising sufficient financing (of
which no assurance can be provided). 

AMPAkines
as Treatment for GRIA Disorders 

On
April 5, 2023, RespireRx announced it had entered into a material transfer agreement with University College London (UCL) as part of
a collaborative research effort involving Dr. Ian Coombs and Prof. Mark Farrant, founding members of the GRIA Scientific Advisory Board
of the CureGRIN Foundation CureGRIN and from the UCL Department of Neuroscience, Physiology, and Pharmacology. The UCL
group, which also includes Prof, Stuart Cull-Candy F.R.S., has been awarded funding from CureGRIN, and will be working with the RespireRx
research team to study the possibility of using CX1739, RespireRx s lead clinical AMPAkine, for the treatment of a major class
of GRIA disorders. 

GRIA
Disorder refers to a family of rare genetic diseases caused by mutations in the AMPA glutamate receptor genes that cause either a loss
or gain in the functioning of these receptors, which are the site of action of RespireRx s AMPAkines and which play an important
role in learning and memory as well as other critical biological functions. Dr. Coombs s work seeks to characterize the genetic
variants underlying the diverse behavioral and cognitive symptoms in children with GRIA Disorder and use this knowledge to create a diagnostic
method to determine on a molecular level which patients have a decline or gain in the functioning of these receptors and use this diagnostic
to choose what drugs to use to restore normal function. 

It
is very important to characterize the properties of AMPA receptor variants which underly the diverse symptoms displayed by children with
GRIA Disorder in order to better determine which drugs could act as potential treatments. Evidence suggests that the majority of these
disease-associated variants produce underactive AMPA receptors so it may be possible to study CX1739, the AMPAkine that boosts AMPA receptor
function, to determine on a molecular level its potential as a precision therapy for children with GRIA Disorder, for whom no truly effective
treatment presently exists. 

It
is the ultimate intention of this collaboration to test CX1739 in patients with specific variants that we demonstrate produce a decline
in function of the AMPA receptor. Positive therapeutic effects with RespireRx s AMPAkines already have been reported in animal
mutations modelling related disorders such as Pompe that also suffer from declines in AMPA receptor functioning. 

The
RespireRx team that will collaborate with Dr. Coombs, Prof. Farrant and Prof. Cull-Candy includes Drs. Jeffrey M. Witkin and Rok Cerne,
both of whom are RespireRx Research Fellows in addition to their academic affiliations at The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, Ascension
St. Vincent Hospital and Indiana University/Purdue University, respectively. The team has extensive expertise and are well known for
their work in drug discovery and development, including novel analgesic, anxiolytic, anti-epileptic and anti-depressant drugs. GABAkines 

The
GABAkine program was established pursuant to the UWMRF Patent License Agreement. At present, the program is focused on developing novel
GABAkines with certain GABA A receptor subtype selectivity. We believe that there is a considerable degree of receptor subtype
heterogeneity, making subtype selectivity of our compounds a desirable attribute. 

15 

Under
the UWMRF Patent License Agreement, the Company has an exclusive license to commercialize GABAkine products based on UWMRF s
rights in certain patents and patent applications, and a non-exclusive license to commercialize products based on UWMRF s
rights in certain technology that is not the subject of the patents or patent applications. This relates to our GABAkines
program.For a more detailed description of the UWMRF Patent License Agreement, see our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the
SEC on August 4, 2020, including, but not limited to Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.4 Certain payments under the UWMRF Patent License
Agreement have not been paid by the Company. The Company is in ongoing discussions with UWMRF regarding when the Company may be able
to commence making payments. The Company has not received a notification of default either during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 or in any subsequent periods. All amounts due under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement are reflected in the Company s
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Benzodiazepines BDZs ), such as Valium (diazepam), Librium (chlordiazepoxide) and Xanax (alprazolam)
were the first major class of drugs reported to act as GABA A PAMs, by binding at a site distinct from the binding site for
GABA. These drugs produce a wide range of pharmacological properties, including anxiety reduction, sedation, hypnosis, anti-convulsant,
muscle relaxation, respiratory depression, cognitive impairment, as well as tolerance, abuse and withdrawal. For this reason, it was
not surprising that BDZs were observed to act as GABA A PAMs indiscriminately across all GABA A receptor subtypes.
Following the identification of BDZ binding sites on GABA A receptors, Dr. Arnold Lippa, our Interim President, Interim Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors, described CL218,872, the first non-BDZ
to demonstrate that these receptors were heterogeneous by binding selectively to a subtype of GABA A receptor. This demonstration
of receptor heterogeneity led to the hypothesis that the various pharmacological actions of the BDZs might be separable depending on
the receptor subtype involved. In animal testing, CL218,872 provided the proof of principle that such a separation could be achieved
by displaying anti-anxiety and anti-convulsant properties in the absence of sedation, amnesia and muscular incoordination. Using ocinaplon,
an analog of CL218,872 with similar receptor subtype selectivity, Dr. Lippa s team reported in the Proceedings of the National
Academy of Science the results of a Phase 2 clinical trial in anxious patients that ocinaplon significantly reduced symptoms of anxiety
in the absence of sedation. These findings gave impetus to the search for novel therapeutic drugs for neurological and psychiatric illnesses
that display improvements in efficacy and reductions in side effects. 

Over
the last several years, a group of scientists led by Dr. James Cook of the University of Wisconsin and Dr. Jeffrey Witkin affiliated
with the Indiana University School of Medicine, both of whom have been engaged as Senior Research Fellows at RespireRx, synthesized and
tested a broad series of novel drugs that display GABA A receptor subtype selectivity and pharmacological specificity. Certain
of these chemical compounds are the subject of the UWMRF Patent License Agreement. 

Of
these compounds, we have identified KRM-II-81 as a clinical lead. KRM-II-81 is the most advanced and druggable of a series of compounds
that display certain receptor subtype selectivity and pharmacological specificity. In studies using cell cultures, brain tissues and
whole animals, KRM-II-81 acts as a GABA A PAM at selective GABA A receptor subtypes that we feel are intimately involved
in neuronal processes underlying epilepsy, pain, anxiety and certain other indications. KRM-II-81 has demonstrated highly desirable properties
in animal models of these and other potential therapeutic indications, in the absence of or with greatly reduced liability to produce
sedation, motor incoordination, cognitive impairments, respiratory depression, tolerance, abuse and withdrawal seizures, all side effects
associated with BDZs. We currently are focused on the potential treatment of epilepsy and pain. Several articles describing the results
of these studies have been published in highly regarded peer reviewed journals, including two review articles and a book chapter detailing
the anti-epileptic and analgesic properties of KRM II-81 and its importance in the overall field of GABAkines. 

The
Company also has developed a series of back-up compounds to KRM-II-81. 

16 

Epilepsy
and Existing Treatments 

Epilepsy
is a chronic and highly prevalent neurological disorder that affects millions of people world-wide and has serious consequences for the
life of the affected individual. A first-line approach to the control of epilepsy is through the administration of anticonvulsant drugs.
Repeated, uncontrolled seizures due to drug resistance and the side effects arising from seizure medications have a negative effect on
the developing brain and can lead to brain cell loss and severe impairment of neurocognitive function. The continued occurrence of seizure
activity also increases the probability of subsequent epileptic events through sensitization mechanisms called seizure kindling. Seizures
that are unresponsive to anti-epileptic treatments are life-disrupting and life-threatening with broad health, life, and economic consequences. 

Like
many diseases, epilepsy is still remarkably underserved by currently available medicines. Pharmaco-resistance to anticonvulsant therapy
continues to be one of the key obstacles to the treatment of epilepsy. Although many anticonvulsant drugs are approved to decrease seizure
probability, seizures frequently are not fully controlled and patients are generally maintained daily on multiple antiepileptic drugs
with the hope of enhancing the probability of seizure control. Despite this polypharmacy approach, as many as 60 to 70 of patients
continue to have seizures. As a result of the lack of seizure control, pharmaco-resistant epilepsy patients, including young children,
sometimes require and elect to have invasive therapeutic procedures such as surgical resection of targeted brain tissue. 

Despite
the availability of a host of marketed drugs of different mechanistic classes, the lack of seizure control in patients is the primary
factor driving the need for improved antiepileptic drugs, as emphasized by researchers and patient advocacy communities. Increasing inhibitory
tone in the CNS through enhancement of GABAergic inhibition is a proven mechanism for seizure control. However, GABAergic medications
also exhibit liabilities that limit their antiepileptic potential. Tolerance develops to GABAergic drugs such as BDZs, limiting their
use in a chronic setting. These drugs can produce cognitive impairment, somnolence, sedation, tolerance and withdrawal seizures that
create dosing limitations such that they are generally used only for acute convulsive episodes. 

GABAkines
as Treatments for Epilepsy 

KRM-II-81
has demonstrated efficacy in multiple rodent models and measures of antiepileptic drug efficacy in vivo . This includes nine acute
seizure provocation models in mice and rats, four seizure sensitization models in rats and mice, two models of chronic epilepsy, and
three models specifically testing pharmaco-resistant antiepileptic drug efficacy. Because it appears to have a substantially reduced
side effect liability, it might be possible to use higher, more effective doses than standard of care medications. Predictions of superior
efficacy of KRM-II-81 over standard of care anti-epileptics comes from the efficacy of this compound across a broad range of animal models
of epilepsy. Importantly, KRM-II-81 has been shown to be effective in models assessing pharmaco-resistant epilepsy. Under these conditions,
KRM-II-81 is efficacious in cases where standard of care medicines do not work. 

In
the absence of seizure control by anti-epileptics, surgical resection of affected brain tissue is one potential alternative to help with
the control of seizures. In the process of this surgery, epileptic brain tissue can become available for research into epileptic mechanisms
and the identification of novel antiepileptic drugs. In peer reviewed articles by Dr. Witkin and his colleagues, the anticonvulsant action
of KRM-II-81 has been confirmed by microelectrode recordings from slices obtained from freshly excised cortex tissue from epileptic patients
where in situ application of KRM-II-81 suppressed epileptiform electrical activity. These very important translational data lend
considerable support and impetus to the further development of KRM-II-81 for the treatment of epilepsy. 

17 

GABAkines
as Treatments for Pain 

It
is impossible not to be aware of the crisis that the opioid epidemic has created in the treatment of pain. While there is no question
as to their efficacy, the clinical use of opioids is severely limited due to the rapid development of tolerance, dependence and the production
of OIRD, the major cause of opioid-induced lethality. Research programs are underway nationwide to discover and develop new non-opioid
drugs that are effective analgesics without the tolerance and abuse liability ascribed to opioids. Pain is especially difficult to treat
due to its complex nature with a variety of different etiologies. For example, chronic pain may be produced by injury, surgery, neuropathy,
the inflammation produced by arthritis or by certain drugs such as cancer chemotherapeutics. For these reasons, better management and
control of chronic pain continues to be a serious need in medical practice. 

Data
from both preclinical and clinical studies are consistent with the idea that GABAergic neurotransmission is an important regulatory mechanism
for the control of pain. Gabapentin (Neurontin and pregabalin (Lyrica ), two commonly used drugs for
the treatment of neuropathic pain, are believed to produce their analgesic effects by enhancing GABAergic neurotransmission. However,
although they have received FDA approval, the clinical results have not been overwhelming. In a published review of 37 clinical trials
with a total of 5,914 patients experiencing neuropathic pain there was no difference in the percentage of patients experiencing pain
reduction of greater than 50 when comparing Gabapentin to placebo. The most common side effects produced by Gabapentin 
 were sedation, dizziness and problems walking. It is uncertain whether greater efficacy was not observed because of poor intrinsic
pharmacological efficacy or insufficient dosages due to dose limiting side effects. 

An
alternate approach to enhancing GABAergic neurotransmission is the use of GABA A PAMs. This approach has been under-utilized
because of the general lack of efficacy of the BDZ PAMs. However, a strong case for the potential value of subtype selective GABA A
 PAMs for the treatment of pain can be made. First, GABA A receptor regulated pathways are integral to pain processing
with 2/3 containing GABA A receptor subtypes present on nerve pathways modulating pain sensation and perception. Second,
we believe that the analgesic properties of BDZs may be masked by concurrent activation of other GABA A receptor subtypes that
mediate the side effects. Diazepam has been reported to produce maximal analgesia in rodents if the side effects are attenuated by GABA A
 subtype genetic manipulation. Third, in recently published review articles describing KRM-II-81 and predecessor GABAkines that
selectively amplify GABA A receptor subtype signaling, Drs. Witkin, Cook and colleagues reported that these GABAkines displayed
a high degree of analgesic activity in a broad range of preclinical studies. In cellular studies, KRM-II-81 preferentially bound to specific
subtypes of GABA A receptors and boosted the ability of GABA to inhibit pain sensory neurons in the spinal dorsal root ganglia.
In intact animal models of acute and chronic pain, the analgesic efficacy of KRM-II-81 was comparable to or greater than commonly used
analgesics. At the same time, KRM-II-81 did not display side effects such as sedation and motor impairment. 

Equally
important, at multiples of the therapeutic doses, KRM-II-81 did not produce tolerance, dependence, respiratory depression or
behavioral changes indicative of abuse liability, which are produced by opioid narcotics and are at the heart of the opioid
epidemic. Sub-chronic dosing for 22 days with KRM-II-81 and the structural analogue, MP-III-80, demonstrated enduring analgesic
efficacy without tolerance development. In contrast, tolerance developed to the analgesic effects of Gabapentin . At
a dose that produces maximal analgesic effect in an inflammatory chronic pain model, KRM-II-81 does not substitute for the BDZ
midazolam in a drug discrimination assay, suggesting a reduced abuse liability. Furthermore, KRM-II-81 did not produce the
respiratory depression observed with alprazolam, a major problem with BDZs leading to emergency room visits and overdose. We believe
that the ability to attenuate both acute and chronic pain combined with a greatly reduced side effect profile, a lack of tolerance
and a reduced abuse potential makes KRM-II-81 a promising clinical lead and a potentially breakthrough advance in pain
therapeutics. 

Drs.
Witkin and Cerne have conducted pharmacology, metabolism, pharmacokinetic and animal safety studies, all for the benefit of the Company and to be included in future FDA
filings. Dr. Cook has begun scaling up chemical synthesis of KRM II-81 in order to provide sufficient active pharmaceutical
ingredient (API) to begin IND enabling preclinical studies, which we plan to initiate this year pending financing, of which no
assurance can be provided. In addition, substituted analogues of KRM II-81 have been made, particularly a soluble analogue that
displays a similar pharmacological profile as KRM II-81. Several articles describing the results of these studies have been
published in highly regarded peer reviewed journals, including two review articles and a book chapter detailing the anti-epileptic
and analgesic properties of KRM II-81 and its importance in the overall field of GABAkines. Five additional articles describe the
pharmacological activity of novel structural analogs of KRM-II-81 and document the preclinical effects and tolerability of these
structural analogs. In established rat models predicting efficacy in essential tremor and in tremor associated with
Parkinson s Disease, MP-III-024 was an effective anti-tremor compound. Also described are three novel structural analogs with
sufficient blood and brain levels after oral administration to produce a pharmacological response and a deuterated derivative of
KRM-II-81 that produced long-lived anticonvulsant activity after oral administration. Also described was the synthesis of a water
soluble, hydrochloride salt of KRM-II-81, another important analog in this series with the added potential of intravenous delivery.
The compounds described in these articles were efficacious as anticonvulsants and the most characterized of these, KPP-III-34,
displayed robust activity in more advanced anti-seizure models. All compounds were effective without producing sedative
effects. 

18 

Corporate
and Product Development Plans 

As
discussed above, in order to facilitate our business activities and product development, we have organized our drug platforms into two
separate business units, one of which was recently incorporated as an Australian subsidiary and the other that currently operates as
a division. ResolutionRx Ltd is focused on pharmaceutical cannabinoids and EndeavourRx is focused on neuromodulators. Below is a description
of the Company s product development plans within these business units. 

ResolutionRx
 Dronabinol program 

In
conjunction with a sub-contractor, the Company has prepared several new proprietary formulations of dronabinol with the anticipated properties
described in our patent applications, of which three have been selected for further testing for pharmacokinetic PK and
pharmacodynamic PD studies. Assuming sufficient additional financing is available for ResolutionRx, of which no assurance
can be provided, and that the results of the PK and PD testing indicate that further development is warranted, ResolutionRx intends to
utilize its Services Agreement with iNGENu in order for them to act as regulatory consultants, stock clinical supply, package and distribute
the clinical supply to clinical trial sites, schedule a pre-investigational new drug application pre-IND meeting with
the FDA, file an IND and then conduct a Phase 3 human pivotal clinical trial. 

The
Company s 2014 License Agreement, as amended and the Purisys Agreement will need to be sub-licensed or transferred or otherwise
made available to ResolutionRx as will rights to certain patents and patent applications that are not part of the 2014 License Agreement,
as amended. See University of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License Agreement and Noramco Inc./Purisys,
LLC - Dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement in Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial
statements as of December 31, 2022. Initially, ResolutionRx s primary focus will be on re-purposing dronabinol for the treatment
of OSA; we believe that our broad enabling patents and our 2019, 2021 and 2022 patent applications for proprietary formulation technology
may provide a framework for expanding into the larger burgeoning pharmaceutical cannabinoid industry. We believe that by converting this
division to a subsidiary, it may be possible, through separate finance channels and potential strategic transactions, some of which are
described above, to unlock the unrealized asset value not only of the cannabinoid platform, but separately, our neuromodulator platform
as well. 

EndeavourRx
 AMPAkines program 

For
the AMPAkines program within our EndeavourRx neuromodulators business unit, the Company plans, assuming financing is available and of
which no assurance can be provided, to assess the purity of our existing drug supplies, obtain clinical supply material, engage regulatory
consultants and a CRO to finalize a clinical trial protocol for our intended Phase 2 clinical studies and amend our existing IND. These
tasks are critical for applying to the FDA for permission to initiate the intended Phase 2 clinical trials. 

Assuming
sufficient additional financing is available, of which no assurance can be provided, the Company would continue to focus on SCI, and
in particular, a Phase 2A efficacy study, as we believe it would be the most efficient expenditure of our resources, yield an actionable
result in the shortest period of time and would initiate additional clinical trials in patients with ADHD. 

19 

EndeavourRx
 GABAkines program 

For
the GABAkines program, the Company plans, assuming such financing is available, of which no assurance can be provided, to scale up
manufacturing of KRM-II-81 in order to conduct pre-IND enabling studies. Assuming sufficient additional financing is available, of
which no assurance can be provided, the Company would conduct a full preclinical program in anticipation of filing an IND to
commence human clinical trials for safety and efficacy in patients with treatment resistant epilepsy and those requiring non-opioid
treatments for pain. 

In
connection with the organization and development of the ResolutionRx as a subsidiary and EndeavourRx as a business unit, we have executed
upon and are planning certain corporate and development actions as summarized herein. All of these, including those below, are subject
to raising additional financing and/or entering into strategic relationships, of which no assurance can be given. 

Employee/Consultant
Infrastructure Build-out 

It
is anticipated that the Company will continue to use, at least initially, its management personnel to provide management, operational
and oversight services to ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx, while we build out a limited employee infrastructure for ResolutionRx in Australia.
In order to broaden our operational expertise, we are planning to hire a number of highly qualified individuals, either as employees
or consultants and, in tandem, increase our administrative support function. 

Competition 

The
pharmaceutical industry is characterized by intensive research efforts, rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong
emphasis on proprietary therapeutics. Our competitors include many companies, research institutes and universities that are working in
a number of pharmaceutical or biotechnology disciplines to develop therapeutic products similar to those we are currently investigating.
Most of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and/or other resources
than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have experience in performing human clinical trials of new or improved therapeutic products
and obtaining approvals from the FDA and other regulatory agencies. We expect that competition in this field will continue
to intensify. 

Regulatory
Requirements for Drug Market Approval 

The
FDA and other similar agencies in foreign countries have substantial requirements for therapeutic products. Such requirements often involve
lengthy and detailed laboratory, clinical and post-clinical testing procedures and are expensive to complete. It often takes companies
many years to satisfy these requirements, depending on the complexity and novelty of the product. The review process is also extensive,
which may delay the approval process further. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements may subject a company to a
variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, a clinical hold, warning
letters, recall or seizure of products, partial or total suspension of production, withdrawal of the product from the market, injunctions,
fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. 

20 

There
also are variations of these procedures. For example, companies seeking approval for new indications for an already approved drug may
choose to pursue an abbreviated approval process such as the filing for an NDA under Section 505(b)(2). Another example would be a Supplementary
NDA SNDA ). A third example would be an Abbreviated NDA ANDA claiming bioequivalence to an already approved
drug and claiming the same indications such as in the case of generic drugs. Other opportunities allow for accelerated review and approval
based upon several factors, including potential fast-track status for serious medical conditions and unmet medical needs, potential breakthrough
therapy designation of the drug for serious conditions where preliminary evidence shows that the drug may show substantial improvement
over available therapy or orphan designation (generally, an orphan indication in the United States is one with a patient population of
less than 200,000). 

As
of yet, we have not obtained any approvals to market our products. Further, we cannot assure you that the FDA or other regulatory agency
will grant us approval for any of our products on a timely basis, if at all. Even if regulatory clearances are obtained, a marketed product
is subject to continual review, and later discovery of previously unknown problems may result in restrictions on marketing or withdrawal
of the product from the market. 

The
recent COVID-19 pandemic has made it very difficult to recruit subjects and patients and to conduct clinical trials in general and it
is unclear how long these challenges will last. Given the public health emergency during the winter and spring of 2020 which continued
into 2022, the FDA issued guidance to be implemented without the normal prior public comment period as the FDA had concluded that public
participation would not be feasible or appropriate. From 2020 to 2022, the FDA issued 84 new guidance documents. Guidance is not legally
enforceable, but the FDA recommends the following of its guidance. 

See
 Risk Factors Risks related to our business We may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our
product candidates and technologies. 

Manufacturing 

On
September 4, 2018, RespireRx entered into a dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement with Noramco Inc., one of the world s major
dronabinol manufacturers, which Noramco subsequently assigned to its subsidiary, Purisys LLC. Under the terms of the Purisys Agreement,
Noramco agreed to (i) provide all of the active pharmaceutical ingredient API estimated to be needed for the clinical
development process for both the first- and second-generation products (each a Product and collectively, the Products ),
three validation batches for New Drug Application NDA filing(s) and adequate supply for the initial inventory stocking
for the wholesale and retail channels, subject to certain limitations, (ii) maintain or file valid drug master files DMFs with the FDA or any other regulatory authority and provide the Company with access or a right of reference letter entitling the Company
to make continuing reference to the DMFs during the term of the agreement in connection with any regulatory filings made with the FDA
by the Company, (iii) participate on a development committee, and (iv) make available its regulatory consultants, collaborate with any
regulatory consulting firms engaged by the Company and participate in all FDA or Drug Enforcement Agency DEA meetings
as appropriate and as related to the API. We now refer to the second-generation product as our proprietary formulation or proprietary
product and have de-emphasized the first-generation product. 

21 

In
consideration for these supplies and services, the Company has agreed to purchase exclusively from Noramco during the commercialization
phase all API for its Products (as defined in the Development and Supply Agreement) at a pre-determined price subject to certain producer
price adjustments and agreed to Noramco s participation in the economic success of the commercialized Product or Products up to
the earlier of the achievement of a maximum dollar amount or the expiration of a period of time. 

On
January 11, 2023, RespireRx formed ResolutionRx in Australia. On February 27, 2023, ResolutionRx entered into a Services Agreement with
iNGENu, a bespoke contract research organization with a focus on cannabinoids and psychedelics. Among a number of other functions, iNGENu
will be coordinating, sub-contracting and overseeing the manufacture of our -9-THC pre-clinical and clinical product supply. 

See
 Risk Factors Risks related to our business We may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our product
candidates and technologies for a discussion of certain risks related to the development and commercialization of our products. 

Marketing 

We
have no experience in the marketing of pharmaceutical products and do not anticipate having the resources to distribute and broadly market
any products that we may develop. We will therefore continue to seek commercial development arrangements with other pharmaceutical companies
for our proposed products for those indications that require significant sales forces to effectively market. In entering into such arrangements,
we may seek to retain the right to promote or co-promote products for certain of the orphan drug indications in North America. We believe
that there is a significant expertise base for such marketing and sales functions within the pharmaceutical industry and expect that
we could recruit such expertise if we choose to directly market a drug. 

See
 Risk Factors Risks related to our business We may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our product
candidates and technologies . 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company employed two people on a full-time basis. We have four officers, two of whom are part-time outside consultants.
The Company also engages other contractors who provide substantial services to the Company. 

Technology
Rights 

University
of Illinois License Agreement 

See
 ResolutionRx Pharmaceutical Cannabinoids The Company s Cannabinoid Intellectual Property Rights
 above and see Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies University of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License Agreement in the notes
to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information on the 2014 License Agreement. 

UWMRF
Patent License Agreement 

See
 EndeavourRx Neuromodulators GABAkines above and see Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies UWMRF
Patent License Agreement in the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more information on the
UWMRF Patent License Agreement. 

22 

Properties 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not own any real property or maintain any leases with respect to real property. The Company periodically
contracts for services provided at the facilities owned by third parties and may, from time-to-time, have employees who work in these
facilities. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are periodically subject to various pending and threatened legal actions and claims. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Pending or Threatened Legal Actions and Claims in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 for additional information regarding these matters. 

The
legal proceedings discussed in this report could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restitutions or other
relief that could require significant expenditures or have other effects on our business. Management believes, based on current knowledge
and after consultation with counsel, that the outcome of such actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition. The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, and it is possible that one or more of the
matters currently pending or threatened could have an adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for
any particular period. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

In
addition to the other matters set forth in this 2022 Annual Report, our continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject
to the following risks: 

Risks
related to our business 

We
and our independent registered public accounting firm have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company has incurred net losses of 2,102,720 and 3,144,840 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively, as well as negative operating cash flows of 143,905 and 956,172 for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. The Company also had a stockholders deficiency of 11,880,320 at December 31, 2022 and expects to
continue to incur net losses and negative operating cash flows for at least the next few years. We have eleven similar convertible
notes outstanding, with 1,087,278 maturity amounts of plus accrued interest of 133,017 as of December 31, 2022 that have matured
and which must be paid or converted. To date no notices of default have been received. The Company will seek to have maturity dates
extended in order to avoid a default on such convertible notes, which the Company has achieved in the past, but with respect to
which, the Company can provide no assurance. The Company has also not met its payment obligations to the UWM Research Foundation UWMRF of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee but has not received a notice of default and is in regular
communication with the UWMRF regarding the establishment of a payment schedule. In the past, the Company has been successful in
having license payment due dates extended and then meeting the payment obligations on such extended dates or further extended dates.
There can be no assurance that the Company will remain successful in those efforts. As a result, in its audit opinion issued in
connection with our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our independent registered public accounting
firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our limited working capital, recurring
net losses and negative cash flows from operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going
concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or amounts of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. While we
have relied principally in the past on external financing to provide liquidity and capital resources for our operations, we can
provide no assurance that cash generated from our operations together with cash received in the future from external financing, if
any, will be sufficient to enable us to continue as a going concern. 

23 

We
and our independent registered public accounting firm has identified material weaknesses in our financial reporting process. 

At
December 31, 2022, management and our independent registered public accounting firm identified material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement plans to remediate the material weaknesses
in our financial reporting process. Our failure to successfully implement such plans to remediate these material weaknesses could cause
us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, to produce timely and reliable financial information, and to effectively prevent fraud.
Additionally, such failure, or other weaknesses that we may experience in our financial reporting process or other internal controls,
could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition
and stock price. 

We
have a history of net losses; we expect to continue to incur net losses and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

Since
our formation on February 10, 1987 through the end of our most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we have generated only minimal
operating revenues, primarily from grants for research and development. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our net loss was
 2,102,720 and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 176,057,856. We have not generated any revenue from product
sales to date, and it is possible that we will never generate revenues from product sales in the future. Even if we do achieve significant
revenues from product sales, we expect to continue to incur significant net losses over the next several years. As with other biotechnology
companies, it is possible that we will never achieve profitable operations. 

We
will need additional capital in the near term and the future and, if such capital is not available on terms acceptable to us or available
to us at all, we may need to scale back our research and development efforts and may be unable to continue our business operations. 

We
require additional cash resources for basic operations and will require substantial additional funds to advance our research and development
programs and to continue our operations, particularly if we decide to independently conduct later-stage clinical testing and apply for
regulatory approval of any of our proposed products, and if we decide to independently undertake the marketing and promotion of our products.
Additionally, we may require additional funds in the event that we decide to pursue strategic acquisitions of or licenses for other products
or businesses. Based on our operating plan as of December 31, 2022, we estimated that our existing cash resources will not be sufficient
to meet our requirements for 2023. We also need additional capital in the near term to fund on-going operations including basic operations.
Additional funds may come from the sale of common equity, preferred equity, convertible preferred equity or equity-linked securities,
debt, including debt convertible into equity, from the master services agreement intended to be entered into between us and ResolutionRx in Australia, or may result from agreements with larger pharmaceutical companies that include the license or
rights to the technologies and products that we are currently developing, although there is no assurance that we will secure any such
funding or other transaction in a timely manner, or at all. 

Our
cash requirements in the future may differ significantly from our current estimates, depending on a number of factors, including: 

Our
 ability, or our currently wholly-owned subsidiary ResolutionRx s ability to raise equity or debt capital or from ResolutionRx, or our ability to obtain in-kind services
 which may be more difficult during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 results of our clinical trials; 

the
 time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals; 

the
 costs associated with the implementation of a corporate restructure; 

the
 costs of setting up and operating our own marketing and sales organization; 

the
 ability to obtain funding under contractual and licensing agreements; 

the
 ongoing obligations to make contractual licensed patent maintenance fees, milestone payments and royalty payments; 

the
 costs involved in filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patents or any litigation by third parties regarding intellectual
 property; 

the
 costs involved in meeting our contractual obligations including employment agreements; and 

our
 success in entering into collaborative relationships with other parties. 

24 

Common
Stock reserve requirements may restrict our ability to raise capital and continue to operate our business. 

Common
Stock reserve requirements may restrict our ability to raise capital and continue to operate our business. The Company is authorized
to issue up to 2 billion (2,000,000,000) shares of Common Stock under its Certificate of Incorporation. As of December 31, 2022,
there were 125,544,276 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and the Company reserved an aggregate of 1,083,901,432 shares
of its authorized and unissued Common Stock with respect to convertible notes, convertible Series B Preferred Stock, warrants,
options granted not yet exercised and shares available for issuance its equity plans, not including of incremental contractual
reserves in excess of the calculated number of conversion shares and warrant shares. If we breach the contractual reserve
requirements, associated with our convertible notes, we will be in default of such contractual obligations, although we have not received any default notices, which may
have material adverse consequences which may make it more difficult to raise additional necessary capital to operate our business.
To date, we have not received any default notices, 

Our
product opportunities rely on licenses from research institutions and if we lose access to these technologies or applications, our business
could be substantially impaired. 

Through
our acquisition of Pier, we gained access to a pre-existing relationship between Pier and the University of Illinois at Chicago (the
 UIC ). Effective in September 2014, the Company entered into a license agreement with the UIC (the UIC License Agreement ),
which gave the Company certain exclusive rights with respect to certain patents and patent applications in the United States and other
countries claiming the use of dronabinol and other cannabinoids for the treatment of sleep-related breathing disorders, including sleep
apnea. The UIC License Agreement obligates the Company to comply with various development and reporting requirements and to make various
royalty payments, potential one-time and annual royalty payments, potential deferred compensation annual net sales payments, potential
deferred compensation minimum payments and as well as payments upon the achievement of certain development milestones. See Note 9. Commitments
and Contingencies, Significant Agreements and Contracts 

In
addition, the Company and the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Research Foundation, Inc., an affiliate of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWMRF executed the UWMRF Patent License Agreement effective August 1, 2020 pursuant to which RespireRx licensed the intellectual
property identified therein, including with respect to GABAkines. In consideration for the licenses granted, the Company is required
to pay to UWMRF patent filing and prosecution costs, annual license maintenance fees, one-time milestone payments, and annual royalties. 

Certain
payments under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement have not been paid by the Company. The Company has not received a notification of default
either during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or in any subsequent periods. All amounts due under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement
are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

If
we are unable to comply with the terms of these licenses, such as required payments thereunder, these licenses might be terminated and
we would lose access to the licensed technologies or applications, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
ability to conduct research and development and operate. 

We
may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates and technologies. 

The
development of our product candidates is subject to risks commonly experienced in the development of products based upon innovative technologies
and the expense and difficulty of obtaining approvals from regulatory agencies. Drug discovery and development is time consuming, expensive
and unpredictable. On average, only one out of many thousands of chemical compounds discovered by researchers proves to be both medically
effective and safe enough to become an approved medicine. 

All
of our product candidates are in a development spectrum that runs from preclinical to Phase 2 clinical trials, but we do not have any
currently active trials. Assuming these trials are initiated, which will require additional financing, we are planning for additional
preclinical studies and Phase 1, Phase 2A, Phase 2B and Phase 3 clinical trials, we do not have any currently active trials. Accordingly,
we will require significant additional funding for research, development and clinical testing of our product candidates, which may not
be available on favorable terms or at all. 

25 

Additionally,
our success, at least in part, is dependent upon the strength of our intellectual property, including, but not limited to licensed and
owned patents, patent applications, continuations-in-part, provisional patent applications, know-how, trade secrets and other forms of
intellectual property. The issuance of patents with relevant claims is subject to varying degrees of uncertainty. Our ability to defend
our intellectual property or challenge third party intellectual property infringement claims is expensive, time consuming and uncertain.
If our patent applications do not issue with relevant claims or if we cannot defend our patents, or, as appropriate, challenge interfering
patents or actions of third parties, or otherwise maintain our intellectual property, our business and operations will be adversely affected. 

The
process from discovery to development to regulatory approval can take several years and drug candidates can fail at any stage of the
process. Late-stage clinical trials often fail to replicate results achieved in earlier studies. We cannot be certain that we will be
able to successfully complete any of our research and development activities. One of our product candidates is based, at least in part,
on the development of one or more new formulations and the repurposing of an approved drug, the development of which is inherently risky
while others of our product candidates have never been approved for marketing by any regulatory bodies and are subject to substantial
research and development risks. Concerns about the safety and efficacy of our product candidates could limit our future success. 

Even
if we do complete our research and development activities, we may not be able to successfully market any of the product candidates or
be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or assure that healthcare providers and payors will accept our product candidates.
We also face the risk that any or all of our product candidates will not work as intended or that they will be unsafe, or that, even
if they do work and are safe, that our product candidates will be uneconomical to manufacture and market on a large scale. Due to the
extended testing and regulatory review process required before we can obtain marketing clearance, we do not expect to be able to commercialize
any therapeutic drug for several years, either directly or through our corporate partners or licensees. 

We
have announced and commenced a restructuring plan to facilitate the financing of our business initiatives. We may not achieve some or
all of the expected benefits of our restructuring plan and the restructuring may adversely affect our business. 

We
have incorporated one newly formed subsidiary in Australia to develop the pharmaceutical cannabinoids platform and plan to do the
same with respect to one or more of our other platforms, with the goals, among others, of improving our ability to finance those
platforms and attract potential strategic partners. There can be no assurance that these goals or any of our intended goals will be
achieved, and the restructuring may adversely affect our business. 

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections
against interested director transactions, conflicts of interests and similar matters. 

We
have not adopted any corporate governance measures since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange and we are
not required to do so. We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as separate audit or other independent committees of our
Board as we presently have only one independent director. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees
comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers
and recommendations for director nominees may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being
decided. You should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating investment decisions. 

The
novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the risk of future pandemics may negatively impact our ability to successfully develop and
commercialize our product candidates and technologies and may ultimately affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Although
the COVID-19 pandemic seems to be diminishing in the United States, new variants may arise and the impact in many foreign countries is
still severe. Vaccination rates in the United States have still not achieved the desired levels believed to be necessary to diminish
the chance of a resurgence. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted that the U.S. and the rest of the world is at risk of future
pandemics by variants or completely different infectious agents. As described in more detail below, the global pandemic may adversely
affect our business in many ways. 

26 

Such
pandemics, as they occur, will create significant uncertainty and economic disruption. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and government responses thereto have made it very difficult to recruit clinical trial subjects and patients and to
conduct clinical trials in general. Although somewhat less than in the height of the pandemic prior to vaccine availability, we expect
the life sciences industry and clinical trial activity to continue to face challenges arising from the possibility of quarantines, site
closures, travel limitations, interruptions to the supply chain for investigational products and other. These challenges may lead to
difficulties in meeting protocol-specified procedures. Further, in response to the public health emergency, the FDA issued guidance in
March and July 2020 that was updated on January 27, 2021, emphasizing that safety of trial participants is critically important. Decisions
to continue or discontinue individual patients or the trial are expected to be made by trial sponsors in consultation with clinical investors
and Institutional Review Boards, which may lead to the implementation of additional protocols such as COVID-19 screening procedures,
resulting in potential delays and additional costs. The risks, strategic and operational challenges and costs of conducting such trials
as a result of the global pandemic have exacerbated an already challenging clinical trial process, which may negatively impact our ability
to plan or conduct trials if we secure sufficient financing to enable us to pursue such activity. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 or any pandemic ultimately impacts our operations will depend on a number of factors, many of which will be
outside of our control. In addition to the disruptions adversely impacting our business and financial results, they may also have the
effect of heightening many of the other risks described in these risk factors, including risks relating to our ability to begin to generate
revenue, to generate positive cash flow, our relationships with third parties, and many other factors. We will attempt to minimize these
impacts, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so. 

We
may not be able to enter into the strategic alliances necessary to fully develop and commercialize our products and technologies, and
we will be dependent on our strategic partners if we do. 

We
are seeking pharmaceutical companies and other strategic partners to participate with us in the development of major indications for
the cannabinoids and neuromodulator compounds. These agreements would potentially provide us with additional funds or in-kind services
in exchange for exclusive or non-exclusive license or other rights to the technologies and products that we are currently developing.
Competition between biopharmaceutical companies for these types of arrangements is intense. We cannot give any assurance that our discussions
with candidate companies will result in an agreement or agreements in a timely manner, or at all. Additionally, we cannot assure you
that any resulting agreement will generate sufficient revenues to offset our operating expenses and longer-term funding requirements. 

If
our third-party manufacturers facilities do not follow established current good manufacturing guidelines and practices, our product
development and commercialization efforts may be harmed. 

There
are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under the FDA s and European Union s or other country s or geographic
region s good manufacturing practices regulations and are capable of manufacturing products like those we are developing. Third-party
manufacturers may encounter difficulties in achieving quality control and quality assurance and may experience shortages of qualified
personnel. A failure of third-party manufacturers to follow current good manufacturing practices or other regulatory requirements and
to document their adherence to such practices may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for commercial use or clinical
study, the termination of, or hold on, a clinical study, or may delay or prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our
products. In addition, we could be subject to sanctions, including fines, injunctions and civil penalties. Changing manufacturers may
require additional clinical trials and the revalidation of the manufacturing process and procedures in accordance with FDA mandated current
good manufacturing practices and would require FDA approval. This revalidation may be costly and time consuming. If we are unable to
arrange for third-party manufacturing of our products, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development
or marketing of our products. 

27 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards will be subject to limitations upon a change in ownership, which could reduce our
ability to use those loss carry forwards following any change in Company ownership. 

Generally,
a change of more than 50 in the ownership of a Company s stock, by value, over a three-year period constitutes an ownership change
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An ownership change may limit our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards attributable
to the period prior to such change. We have sold or otherwise issued shares of our Common Stock in various transactions sufficient to
constitute an ownership change. As a result, if we earn net taxable income in the future, our ability to use our pre-change net operating
loss carry forwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income will be subject to limitations, which would restrict our ability to reduce
future tax liability. Future shifts in our ownership, including transactions in which we may engage, may cause additional ownership changes,
which could have the effect of imposing additional limitations on our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carry forwards. 

Risks
related to our industry 

If
we fail to secure adequate intellectual property protection, it could significantly harm our financial results and ability to compete. 

Our
success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products and processes in the United States
and elsewhere. We have filed and intend to continue to file patent applications as we need them. However, additional patents that may
issue from any of these applications may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. Also, any patents issued to us or licensed
by us may be designed around or challenged by others, and if such design or challenge is effective, it may diminish our rights and negatively
affect our financial results. 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient protection of our proprietary rights in our products or processes prior to or after obtaining
regulatory clearances, our competitors may be able to obtain regulatory clearance and market similar or competing products by demonstrating
at a minimum the equivalency of their products to our products. If they are successful at demonstrating at least the equivalency between
the products, our competitors would not have to conduct the same lengthy clinical tests that we have or will have conducted. 

We
also rely on trade secrets and confidential information that we protect by entering into confidentiality agreements with other parties.
Those confidentiality agreements could be breached, and our remedies may be insufficient to protect the confidential information. Further,
our competitors may independently learn our trade secrets or develop similar or superior technologies. To the extent that our consultants,
key employees or others apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to our projects, disputes may arise
regarding the proprietary rights to such information or developments. We cannot assure you that such disputes will be resolved in our
favor. 

We
may be subject to potential product liability claims. One or more successful claims brought against us could materially adversely affect
our business and financial condition. 

The
clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of our products may expose us to product liability claims. We have never been subject to
a product liability claim, and we require each patient in our clinical trials to sign an informed consent agreement that describes the
risks related to the trials, but we cannot assure you that the coverage limits of our insurance policies will be adequate or that one
or more successful claims brought against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result
of operations. Further, if one of our cannabinoid or AMPAkine or GABAkine compounds is approved by the FDA for marketing, we cannot assure
you that adequate product liability insurance will be available, or if available, that it will be available at a reasonable cost. Any
adverse outcome resulting from a product liability claim could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

28 

We
face intense competition, and our competitors may develop products that are comparable or superior to those we are developing. 

The
pharmaceutical industry is characterized by intensive research efforts, rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong
emphasis on proprietary therapeutics. Our competitors include a number of companies, research institutes and universities that are working
in a number of pharmaceutical or biotechnology disciplines to develop therapeutic products similar to those we are currently investigating.
Most of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, distribution or other resources
than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have experience in performing human clinical trials of new or improved therapeutic products
and obtaining approvals from the FDA and other regulatory agencies. We expect that competition in this
field will continue to intensify. 

Some
of our patents and patent applications do not cover the entire world, thus limiting the potential exclusive commercialization of our
products to those countries in which we have intellectual property protection. We are aware of at least two companies that may be
developing a product or products similar to one of our prospective products for our proposed indication in countries where we do not
currently have intellectual property protection. Such company or companies may choose to compete with us in countries where we do
have intellectual property protection and cause us to expend resources defending our intellectual property. At some point, we may
experience competition from non-drug products such as medical cannabis or dietary supplements and similar products containing
cannabis-derived molecules that may attempt to make unsubstantiated or unapproved claims from national regulatory bodies, such as the FDA. Since our target
markets are very large, there is a great deal of economic incentive for others to enter and compete in those markets. We must
compete with other companies with respect to their research and development efforts and for capital and other forms of funding. An
inability to compete would have a material adverse impact on our business operations. 

We
may be unable to recruit and retain our senior management and other key technical personnel on whom we are dependent. 

We
are highly dependent upon senior management and key technical personnel and currently do not carry any insurance policies on such persons.
In particular, we were highly dependent on Arnold S. Lippa, Ph.D., Interim CEO and Interim President, who is also our Chief Scientific
Officer and Executive Chairman, and Jeff E. Margolis, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Competition
for qualified employees among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies is intense. The loss of any of our senior management or other
key employees, or our inability to attract, retain and motivate the additional or replacement highly skilled employees and consultants
that our business requires, could substantially hurt our business prospects. 

The
regulatory approval process is expensive, time consuming, uncertain and may prevent us from obtaining required approvals for the commercialization
of some of our products. 

The
FDA and other similar agencies in foreign countries have substantial requirements for therapeutic products. Such requirements often involve
lengthy and detailed laboratory, clinical and post-clinical testing procedures and are expensive to complete. It often takes companies
many years to satisfy these requirements, depending on the complexity and novelty of the product. The review process is also extensive,
which may delay the approval process even more. 

As
of yet, we have not obtained any approvals to market our products. Further, we cannot assure you that the FDA or other regulatory agency
will grant us approval for any of our products on a timely basis, if at all. Even if regulatory clearances are obtained, a marketed product
is subject to continual review, and later discovery of previously unknown problems may result in restrictions on marketing or withdrawal
of the product from the market. 

Risks
related to capital structure 

Our
stock price is volatile and our common stock could decline in value. 

Our
Common Stock is currently quoted for public trading on the OTC Pink Markets. The trading price of our Common Stock has been subject to
wide fluctuations and may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, many of which will be beyond our control. 

29 

The
market price of securities of life sciences companies in general has been very unpredictable. Broad market and industry factors may adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in
the market price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted. Such litigation, if instituted,
could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

The
range of sales prices of our common stock, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and as adjusted for the reverse stock-split effected
on January 5, 2021, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as quoted on the OTC Markets, was 0.019 and 0.0023 and 0.068 to 0.
0.011, respectively. The following factors, in addition to factors that affect the market generally and the OTC Pink Markets specifically,
could significantly affect our business, and the market price of our common stock could decline: 

competitors
 announcing technological innovations or new commercial products; 

competitors 
 publicity regarding actual or potential products under development; 

regulatory
 developments in the United States and foreign countries; 

legal
 developments regarding cannabinoids and cannabis products in the United States and foreign countries; 

developments
 concerning proprietary rights, including patent litigation; 

public
 concern over the safety of therapeutic products; and 

changes
 in healthcare reimbursement policies, healthcare regulations and standard of care requirements. 

Our
common stock is thinly traded and you may be unable to sell some or all of your shares at the price you would like, or at all, and sales
of large blocks of shares may depress the price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence, there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned
issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect
on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your
purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you. Also, as a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of shares of our common stock in either direction.
The price of shares of our common stock could, for example, decline precipitously in the event a large number of shares of our common
shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without
adverse impact on its share price. 

There
is a large number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued or sold, and if such shares are issued or sold, the
market price of our common stock may decline. 

As
December 31, 2022, we had 125,544,276 shares of our common stock outstanding. 

If
all warrants and options outstanding as of December 31, 2022, were exercised prior to their respective expiration dates, up to 419,683,183
additional shares of our Common Stock could become freely tradable. The issuance of such shares would dilute the interests of the current
stockholders and sales of substantial amounts of Common Stock in the public market could adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our Common Stock and could also make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of Common Stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were remaining outstanding convertible notes totaling 1,258,315 inclusive of accrued interest. Of that amount,
 1,200,658 was convertible into 641,341,808 shares of Common Stock and 57,657 was convertible into an indeterminate number of shares
of Common Stock as such notes may convert, at the option of each note holder, acting separately and independently of the other note holders,
into the next exempt private securities offering of equity securities. 

If
we issue additional equity or equity-based securities, the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding could increase substantially,
which could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our Common Stock and could also make it more difficult for us to raise funds
through future offerings of Common Stock. 

30 

Our
charter document and other governing documents may prevent or delay an attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove management. 

Certain
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control
of our business, even if such change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. Our restated certificate of incorporation, as
amended, allows the Board of Directors of the Company to issue, as of December 31, 2021, up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with
characteristics to be determined by the board, without stockholder approval. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional
preferred stock may have the effect of delaying or preventing an attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove existing directors
and management. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, from which we did not elect to opt out, provides that if a holder
acquires 15 or more of our stock without prior approval of our Board of Directors, that holder will be subject to certain restrictions
on its ability to acquire us within three years. These provisions may delay or deter a change in control of us, and could limit the price
that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock. 

Historically,
warrants to purchase Common Stock have been issued as compensation for professional services, typically related to fund raising or have
been issued in connection with the issuance of certain notes. 

In
addition, on several occasions, certain executive officers, members of the Board of Directors and certain vendors have offered to
forgive accrued compensation and other amounts due to them, and the Board of Directors accepted such offers in exchange for either
shares of Common Stock or options to purchase Common Stock. In particular, if executive officers offered and if the Board of
Directors accepts such offer(s) in the future, a significant number of shares of Common Stock or one or more options to purchase a
significant number of shares of Common Stock could be issued or granted. Recently, certain executive officers and a vendor offered
to exchange or settle amounts owed by the Company to them in exchange for Series J Preferred Stock which, which although not
convertible into Common Stock, has voting rights. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue additional shares of Common Stock, preferred stock
or options to purchase shares of Common Stock, or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, may have the effect of delaying or
preventing an attempt by our stockholders to replace or remove existing directors and management. 

Since
our Common Stock is a penny stock, a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade our Common Stock and an investor
may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our Common Stock in the secondary market. 

Our
Common Stock is subject to the so-called penny stock rules. The United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC has adopted regulations that define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price per share of less than
 5.00, subject to certain exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange. For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers, subject to certain
exceptions. Since our Common Stock is a penny stock, a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade our Common Stock
and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our Common Stock on the secondary market. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock, and investment in our company is likely to be subject to substantial dilution. 

Stockholders 
interests in the Company will be diluted and stockholders may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional
shares. Dilution is the difference between what investors pay for their stock and the net tangible book value per share immediately after
the additional shares are purchased. We are authorized to issue up to 2,000,000,000 (2 billion) shares of Common Stock. Our financing
activities in the past focused on convertible note financing that requires us to issue shares of Common Stock to satisfy principal, interest
and any applicable penalties related to these convertible notes. When required under the terms and conditions of the convertible notes,
we issue additional shares of Common Stock that have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. We anticipate that at least a substantial
portion of our future funding, if any, will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our Common Stock and so any investment
in the Company will likely be diluted, with a resulting decline in the value of our Common Stock. 

Additional
financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us, and our ability to raise capital through equity financing may be limited by
the number of authorized shares of our Common Stock. In order to raise significant additional amounts from equity financing, we will
need to seek, and have sought, stockholder approval to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares
of our Common Stock, and any such amendment would require the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our
Common Stock. If we are unable to obtain needed financing on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business plan, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

31 

Delaware
law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors at our expense, and
correspondingly limits their liability, which may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate
resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company, as amended (the Bylaws include provisions that eliminate the
personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any
breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Company or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv)
for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. These provisions eliminate the personal liability of
our directors and our shareholders for monetary damages arising out of any violation of a director of his fiduciary duty of due care,
but do not affect a director s liabilities under the federal securities laws or the recovery of damages by third parties. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the
Company pursuant to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company has been informed that, in the opinion of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in that Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on any investment in the shares of stock of our Company and any gain on an investment in our Company
will need to come through an increase in our stock s price, which may never happen. 

We
have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that
we require additional funding currently not provided for, our funding sources may prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because we do not
currently intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in our Company will need to come through an increase in our Common Stock s
price. This may never happen, and investors may lose all of their investment in our Company. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has
adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect
on the market for our shares. 

Costs
and expenses of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act are substantial and may continue to impede us from ever achieving profitability. 

We
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and aspects of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We expect that the requirements
of these rules and regulations will continue to comprise a substantial portion of our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs,
and to make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, placing significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

32 

Our
Common Stock trades on the OTC Pink Market 

The
OTC Pink Market is the lowest and most speculative of the three over-the-counter marketplaces, and securities on the OTC Pink Market
are more thinly and infrequently traded due to the more limited ability of broker-dealers and stockholders to buy or sell such securities.
Accordingly, the market for and liquidity of our Common Stock has been and is likely to continue to be significantly diminished, and
our ability to raise capital would be adversely impacted. 

As
a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging
for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects and may cause investors to find our Common Stock less attractive. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are subject to scaled disclosure requirements that may make it more challenging for investors to analyze
our results of operations and financial prospects. For instance, as a smaller reporting company, which is generally defined
as a company with less than 250 million of public float or a company with less than 100 million in annual revenues and either no public
float or a public float of less than 700 million, we may elect to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in our filings
and take advantage of other decreased disclosure obligations in our filings with the SEC, including being required to provide only two
years of audited financial statements in our annual reports. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results
of operations and financial prospects. Additionally, under current SEC rules, we are not an accelerated filer and so not
required to include an auditor attestation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports
on Form 10-K. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we may rely on these reduced requirements.
If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and
the price of shares of our Common Stock may be more volatile. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not own any real property or maintain any leases with respect to real property. The Company periodically
contracts for services provided at the facilities owned by third parties and may, from time-to-time, have employees who work in these
facilities. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are periodically subject to various pending and threatened legal actions and claims. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Pending or Threatened Legal Actions and Claims in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2022 for additional information regarding these matters. 

The
legal proceedings discussed in this report could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restitutions or other
relief that could require significant expenditures or have other effects on our business. Management believes, based on current knowledge
and after consultation with counsel, that the outcome of such actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition. The outcome of litigation and other legal proceedings is inherently uncertain, and it is possible that one or more of the
matters currently pending or threatened could have an adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for
any particular period. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Market on December 31, 2022 under the symbol RSPI . The current quotations on the
OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

As
of April 5, 2023, there were 125 stockholders of record of our Common Stock, and approximately 4,000 beneficial owners. The high and
low sales prices for our Common Stock on December 31, 2022, as quoted on the OTC Pink Market, were 0.0029 and 0.0022, respectively,
the last date of the fiscal year on which the Common Stock traded (972,326 shares of common stock). 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends, if any, will be determined by the Board in light of conditions then existing, including our financial condition and requirements,
future prospects, restrictions in financing agreements, business conditions and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any of our securities. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes related thereto appearing
elsewhere in this document. 

Overview 

The
mission of the Company is to develop innovative and revolutionary treatments to combat disorders caused by disruption of neuronal signaling.
We are developing treatment options that address conditions affecting millions of people, but for which there are limited or poor treatment
options, including obstructive sleep apnea OSA ), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ADHD ), epilepsy,
acute and chronic pain, including inflammatory and neuropathic pain, and recovery from spinal cord injury SCI ), which
are conditions that affect millions of people, and certain orphan disorders.. We are also considering developing treatment options for
other conditions based on results of preclinical and clinical studies to date. 

Our
major challenge has been to raise substantial equity or equity-linked financing to support research and development plans for our cannabinoid
and neuromodulator platforms, while minimizing the dilutive effect to pre-existing stockholders. At present, we believe that we are hindered
primarily by our public corporate structure, our OTC Pink Markets listing, and low market capitalization as a result of our low stock
price as well as the weakness of our balance sheet. 

For
this reason, the Company has effected an internal restructuring plan through which our two drug platforms have been reorganized into
separate business units and may in the future, be organized into subsidiaries of RespireRx. We believe that by creating one or more subsidiaries,
one of which was formed on January 11, 2023, to further the aims of ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx, it may be possible, through separate
finance channels, to unlock the unrealized asset values of each and set up its programs for partnering or sale. 

This
restructuring plan is based upon our two research platforms: pharmaceutical cannabinoids and neuromodulators. The business unit focused
on pharmaceutical cannabinoids is referred to as ResolutionRx and the business unit focused on neuromodulators is referred to as EndeavourRx.
It is anticipated that the Company will use, at least initially, its management personnel to provide management, operational and oversight
services to these two business units. 

(i) 
 ResolutionRx
 Ltd, which will hold our pharmaceutical cannabinoids platform, is as of January 11, 2023, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
 and is developing compounds that target the body s endocannabinoid system, and in particular, the re-purposing of dronabinol,
 an endocannabinoid CB1 and CB2 receptor agonist, for the treatment of OSA. Dronabinol is already approved by the FDA for other indications. 

(ii) 
 EndeavourRx,
 our neuromodulators platform is made up of two programs: (a) our AMPAkines program, which is developing proprietary compounds that
 act as positive allosteric modulators PAMs of AMPA-type glutamate receptors to promote neuronal function and (b)
 our GABAkines program, which is developing proprietary compounds that act as PAMs of GABA A receptors, and which was established
 pursuant to our entry into a patent license agreement (the UWMRF Patent License Agreement with the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
 Research Foundation, Inc., an affiliate of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWMRF ). 

34 

Management
has begun to organize our ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx business units into two independent subsidiaries: (i) a ResolutionRx subsidiary
has been formed and into which we intend to contribute our pharmaceutical cannabinoid platform and its related tangible and intangible
assets and certain of its liabilities and (ii) an EndeavourRx subsidiary, into which we would contribute our part or all of our neuromodulator
platform, including either or both the AMPAkine and GABAkine programs and their related tangible and intangible assets and certain of
their liabilities. 

Management
believes that there are advantages to separating these platforms formally into newly formed subsidiaries, including but not limited to
optimizing their asset values through separate financing channels and making them more attractive for capital raising as well as for
strategic transactions. 

The
Company is also engaged in business development efforts (licensing/sub-licensing, joint venture and other commercial structures) with
a view to securing strategic partnerships that represent strategic and operational infrastructure additions, as well as cash and in-kind
funding opportunities. These efforts have focused on, but have not been limited to, transacting with brand and generic pharmaceutical
and biopharmaceutical companies as well as companies with potentially useful contract research, formulation or manufacturing capabilities,
significant subject matter expertise and financial resources. No assurance can be given that any transaction will come to fruition and
that if it does, that the terms will be favorable to the Company. 

Financing
our Platforms 

Our
major challenge has been to raise substantial equity or equity-linked financing to support research and development plans for our cannabinoid
and neuromodulator platforms, while minimizing the dilutive effect to pre-existing stockholders. At present, we believe that we are hindered
primarily by our public corporate structure, our OTC Pink Market listing, and low market capitalization as a result of our low stock
price. 

The
formation on January 11, 2023 , of ResolutionRx Ltd, a public, unlisted Australian subsidiary, currently wholly-owned by the
Company, provides potentially new opportunities to raise capital, particularly for the cannabinoid platform. 

On
January 27, 2023, ResolutionRx entered into a Term Sheet and Letter of Intent with Radium Capital. for a series of debt financings
secured by the Australian Research and Development Tax Incentive R DTI ), a tax credit or rebate available for the
component of R D activities that are qualified core and supporting activities. In the case of ResolutionRx, this is anticipated to
be a 43.5 tax rebate, with up to, and at the discretion of ResolutionRx, 80 to be financed by Radium and collateralized by the rebate.
The Company and ResolutionRx believe that this is one step taken in a series of anticipated transactions that will enable the debt and
equity or equity-linked financing of ResolutionRx, to support its R D efforts budgeted at approximately 16.5 million over the next
approximately two and half years. 

35 

RespireRx
intends to enter into a Master Services Agreement Master Services Agreement with ResolutionRx pursuant to which the Company
will provide certain services to ResolutionRx for which the Company will be paid. See Note 10. Subsequent Events to our consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more details about ResolutionRx. 

On
February 27, 2023, ResolutionRx entered into a services agreement Australian CRO Agreement) with iNGENu CRO Pty Ltd (iNGENu),
a contract research organization CRO ), pursuant to which iNGENu is to act as a full service CRO in support of ResolutionRx s
research and development R D program, by conducting laboratory experiments to determine a final optimum dronabinol
formulation, scaling up and manufacturing the chosen formulation for clinical use, preparing and submitting regulatory documents and
designing and conducting clinical trials, including pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic, safety and pivotal efficacy studies. The Radium
financing is intended to advance these programs which may make such programs more appealing to investors and strategic partners. See
Note 10. Subsequent Events to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for more details about ResolutionRx. 

On
April 3, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of its Series I Preferred Stock Series I Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation. The filing of the Series I Certificate of Designation was approved by the Company s Board of Directors.
The Series I Certificate of Designation sets forth the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series I Preferred Stock, a brief summary
of which is as follows: 

The
number of shares designated as Series I 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock Series I Preferred Stock is 3,500 (which is not subject to increase without the written consent of a majority of the holders (each a Series I Holder of the Series I Preferred Stock or as otherwise set forth in the Certificate of Designation). The Series I Preferred Stock Par Value is 0.001 and the Series I Preferred Stock Stated Value is 100.00. The dividend
rate is 8 per annum based on a 365 day year, payable in-kind. 

Redemption
shall happen upon the payment of a Series I Eligible Payment which takes place upon the occurrence of an Eligible Payment
Event, as both terms are defined in the Certificate. The Series I Eligible Payment is calculated as the Series I Maximum Appreciated
Price, which is 0.02, subject to certain adjustments (unless a lesser price is agreed by the Corporation and the Series I Holder) multiplied
by the number of shares of Common Stock corresponding to the number of Series I Preferred Shares divided by the Series I Base Measurement
Price 0.0015), multiplied by the Series I Preferred Stock Stated Value. A Series I Eligible Payment
Event shall include: (i) any license, sublicense, joint venture or similar transaction resulting in an upfront payment of
at least 15,000,000.00, or (ii) any milestone payment with respect to research and development of at least 15,000,000.00, or (iii)
receipt of royalties in any one year of at least 15,000,000.00 or (iv) any event resulting in the Company s receipt of an amount
deemed by the Company s Board of Directors to be establish a Series I Eligible Payment Event. Certain Fundamental Transactions
as defined in the Series I Certificate of Designation may be Series I Eligible Payment Events. 

For a detailed description the
Series Certificate of Designation and the Series I Preferred Stock to be issued, please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
with the SEC on April 6, 2023, including but not limited to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report of Form 8-K. 

36 

On
April 5, 2023 entered into a securities purchase agreement Series I Purchase Agreement) as a first closing of a securities
offering exempt from registration under federal securities laws, rules and regulation and those of the various states, with two individual
accredited investors investing jointly Investors ). Pursuant to the terms of the Securities I Purchase Agreement, the investors
invested 25,000 for 250 shares of Series I Preferred Stock. The Series
I Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the delivery of the Series I Preferred Stock was approved by the Company s
Board of Directors. 

For
a detailed description the Series I Purchase Agreement, please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6,
2023, including but not limited to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report of Form 8-K. 

On
April 11, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an amendment to the Company certificate of incorporation to establish
a Series J 8 Voting, Participating, Redeemable Preferred Stock (Series J Certificate of Designation ). On April 12, 2023, the
Company filed the Series J Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware. 

The
Series J Certificate of Designation sets forth the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series J Preferred Stock, a summary of
which is as follows: 

The
number of shares designated as Series J 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock Series J Preferred Stock is 15,000 (which is not
subject to increase without the written consent of a majority of the holders (each a Series J Holder of the Series J Preferred
Stock or as otherwise set forth in the Series J Certificate of Designation). The Series J Preferred Stock Par Value is 0.001 and the
Series J Preferred Stock Stated Value is 100.00. The dividend rate is 8 per annum based on a 365 day year, payable in-kind. 

Redemption
shall happen upon the payment of a Series J Eligible Payment which takes place upon the occurrence of a Series J Eligible
Payment Event, as both terms are defined in the Series J Certificate. The Series J Eligible Payment is calculated as the Maximum Appreciated
Price, which is closing price per share of Common Stock or its equivalent on the day that is the trading day on which an Series J Eligible
Payment Event is publicly announced prior to the opening of financial markets, or the trading day following the public announcement of
the Series J Eligible Payment Event if announced after the opening of the financial markets on the date of the Series J Eligible Payment
Event (unless a lesser price is agreed by the Company and the Series I Holder) multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock corresponding
to the number of Series J Preferred Shares divided by the Series J Base Measurement Price 0.006), subject to certain adjustments, multiplied
by the Series J Preferred Stock Stated Value. A Series J Eligible Payment Event shall include: (i) any license, sublicense, joint venture
or similar transaction resulting in an upfront payment of at least 20,000,000.00, or (ii) any milestone payment with respect to research
and development of at least 20,000,000.00, or (iii) receipt of royalties in any one year of at least 20,000,000.00 or (iv) any event
resulting in the Corporation s receipt of an amount deemed by the Corporation s Board of Directors to be establish a Series
J Eligible Payment Event. Certain Fundamental Transactions as defined in the Series J Certificate of Designation may be Series J Eligible
Payment Events. 

Each
share of Series J Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes, which shall be eligible to vote along with the Common Stockholders,
or, as the case may be, when voting as a class, that is equal to one hundred (100x) times number calculated by dividing the number of
shares of Series J Preferred Stock by the Base Measurement Price as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there
is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, no distribution shall be made to the holders of any shares of capital stock
of the Company unless, prior thereto, the Series J Holders receive (i) an amount equal to 100 of the stated value, plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends plus (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the Series J Eligible Payment Amount less the Series J Preferred
Stock Stated Value paid pursuant to (i) above, plus (iii) the pro rata amount when considered with all outstanding shares of Common Stock
and any securities that may be convertible into, exercisable for or exchanged for Common Stock that have similar rites, of any remaining
distribution. The distribution shall result in a Redemption. If the assets of the Company are insufficient to pay in full such amounts
due the Series J Holders or any holders of another class that is parri pasu with the Series J Holders Series J Pari Passu Holders ),
then the entire assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series J Holders and Series J Pari Passu Holders in accordance with the
respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full and such distribution shall
result in a Redemption. A Fundamental Transaction, or a Change of Control Transaction, each as defined in the Certificate, shall be deemed
to be Liquidations. 

On
April 12, 2023, RespireRx entered into an exchange agreement and two exchange and settlement agreements with two executive officrs and
one vendor collectively, the Series J Settlement Agreements and the executive officers and vendor are referred to herein
as the Series J Exchangers. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Settlement Agreements, the Company, in exchange for the issuance of Series J Preferred Stock to the Exchangers, the
Exchangers exchanged or settled their rights to receive an aggregate of 570,000 of accrued compensation or debt, advances or other liabilities
owed to them. The Series J Preferred Stock is transferrable to Affiliates as such term is defined in the Series J Certificate of Designation.
The two executives immediately transferred all of their shares of Series J Preferred Stock to separate trusts of which each is separately
the grantor and that are Affiliates of each. The vendor immediately transferred its shares to an individual Affiliate of the vendor.. 

37 

The Settlement Agreements, the
transfer requests and the Series J Certificate of Designation and the delivery of the Series J Preferred Stock was approved by the Company s
Board of Directors. 

For a detailed description the Series J Certificate of Designation, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Settlement
Agreements and the transfer letter agreements, please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023, including
but not limited to Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 99.1 through 99.6 to the Current Report of Form 8-K. 

Recent
Developments 

University
of Illinois at Chicago 2014 License Agreement Second Amendment 

See
Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements and Contracts University of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License
Agreement in the notes to consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included in this report. 

GRIA
UIL collaboration 

The
Company entered into a material transfer agreement with University College London (UCL) as part of a collaborative research effort involving
Dr. Ian Coombs and Prof. Mark Farrant, founder members of the GRIA Scientific Advisory Board of the CureGRIN Foundation CureGRIN and from the UCL Department of Neuroscience, Physiology, and Pharmacology. The UCL group, which also includes Prof, Stuart Cull-Candy
F.R.S., has been awarded funding from CureGRIN, and will be working with the RespireRx research team to study the possibility of using
CX1739, RespireRx s lead clinical AMPAkine, for the treatment of a major class of GRIA disorders. GRIA Disorder refers to a family
of rare genetic diseases caused by mutations in the AMPA glutamate receptor genes that cause either a loss or gain in the functioning
of these receptors, which are the site of action of RespireRx s AMPAkines and which play an important role in learning and memory
as well as other critical biological functions. 

38 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

For
a description of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 3-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies- Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 to the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included with this report. 

Concentration
of Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. The
Company limits its exposure to credit risk by investing its cash with high credit quality financial institutions. 

The
Company s research and development efforts and potential products rely on licenses from research institutions and if the Company
loses access to these technologies or applications, its business could be substantially impaired. 

Through
the merger with Pier, the Company gained access to the 2007 License Agreement that Pier had entered into with the University of Illinois
which was terminated effective March 21, 2013 and on June 27, 2014, the Company entered into the 2014 License Agreement with the University
of Illinois, the material terms of which were similar to the 2007 License Agreement and also included the assignment of rights to the
University of Illinois, to certain patent applications filed by RespireRx. The 2014 License Agreement was amended on July 25, 2017 which
first amendment was to extend certain timeframes. Effective December 15, 2022, the Company and the Board of Trustees of the University
of Illinois UIL entered into the Second Amendment to RespireRx-University of Illinois Exclusive License Agreement. The
parties entered into the Second Amendment in order to eliminate accrued financial obligations to UIL and reduce future obligations. Annual
 100,00 payments by the Company to UIL are eliminated and the unpaid amount of 200,000 for calendar years 2021 and 2022 are no longer
due and payable. Among other changes, the 75,000 payment that was due after the dosing of the 1 st patient in a Phase II study
anywhere in the world is now reduced to 10,000 and UIL has been given an extension in the term of the License and a deferred compensation
obligation of RespireRx including the 4 royalty on net sales due to UIL has been extended for up to 8 years after the original patent
rights expire by including a royalty on the net sales protected by a patent application submitted by the Company describing a new formulation
of dronabinol. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies-Significant Agreements and Contracts-University of Illinois Exclusive License
Agreement in our consolidated financial statement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for more details. 

39 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

SEC
guidance defines Critical Accounting Estimates as those estimates made in accordance with GAAP that involve a significant level of estimation
uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operation of the
registrant. These items require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because
of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In
preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, management has made estimates, assumptions and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting periods. 

In
preparing these financial statements, management has utilized available information, including our past history, industry standards and
the current and projected economic environment, among other factors, in forming its estimates, assumptions and judgments, giving due
consideration to materiality. Because the use of estimates is inherent in GAAP, actual results could differ from those estimates. In
addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact comparability of our results of operations to those of companies
in similar businesses. A summary of the accounting estimates that management believes are critical to the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements is set forth below. See Note 3 in the notes to consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 for additional
disclosures regarding our significant accounting policies. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Research
and development costs consist primarily of fees paid to consultants and outside service providers and organizations (including
research institutes at universities) and other expenses relating to the acquisition, design, development and testing of the
Company s treatments and product candidates. Research and development costs include salaries of our officers who also perform
limited administrative duties for the Company. Management makes an allocation of those salaries to research and development based on
estimates of time spent on those activities. 

Research
and development costs incurred by the Company under research grants are expensed as incurred over the life of the underlying contracts,
unless the terms of the contract indicate that a different expensing schedule is more appropriate. 

40 

License
Agreements 

Obligations
incurred with respect to mandatory payments provided for in license agreements are recognized ratably over the appropriate period, as
specified in the underlying license agreement, and are recorded as liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet, with
a corresponding charge to research and development costs in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Obligations incurred
with respect to milestone payments provided for in license agreements are recognized when it is probable that such milestone will be
reached and are recorded as liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheet, with a corresponding charge to research and
development costs in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Payments of such liabilities are made in the ordinary
course of business. 

Patent
Costs 

Due
to the significant uncertainty associated with the successful development of one or more commercially viable products based on the Company s
research efforts and any related patent applications, all patent costs, including patent-related legal and filing fees, are expensed
as incurred and, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, are charged to general and administrative expenses. 

Results
of Operations 

The
Company s consolidated statements of operations as discussed herein are presented below. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative, including 351,600 and 1,104,226 to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 1,149,823 
 1,857,085 
 
 Research and development, including 339,600 and 448,625 to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 429,532 
 702,043 

Total operating costs and expenses 
 1,579,355 
 2,559,128 

Loss from operations 
 (1,579,355 
 (2,559,128 

Gain on warrant exchange 
 - 
 1,099 
 
 Gain/(Loss) on settlement or modification of debt and other liabilities 
 100,000 
 62,548 
 
 Loss on note modification 
 (71,161 
 - 
 
 Interest expense, including 13,536 and 12,289 to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 (603,818 
 (724,769 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 
 51,614 
 75,410 

Net loss 
 (2,102,720 
 (3,144,840 
 
 Deemed dividends from warrant anti-dilution provisions 
 (1,870,273 
 (378,042 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders 
 (3,972,993 
 (3,522,882 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted respectively (reflected on a post 10 for 1 reverse stock split basis which occurred on January 5, 2021) 
 (0.04 
 (0.04 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted respectively (reflected on a post 10 for 1 reverse stock split basis which occurred on January 5, 2021) 
 111,322,742 
 88,347,206 

41 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues .
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no revenues. 

General
and Administrative . For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses were 1,149,823, a decrease of 707,262
as compared to 1,857,085 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Salaries
were 300,000 as compared to 839,900 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, a reduction of 539,900
as a result of the resignation an termination of our former President and Chief Executive Officer as of January 31, 2022. Associated
with the reduction in salaries was a year-to-year reduction of 51,127 in employee benefits. Board of Directors fees were 30,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 60,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to the resignation of single director
effective July 31, 2022. Accounting expenses declined 15,462 to 204,543 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 220,005
for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to a lower utilization of accounting services. Stock-based compensation costs and fees included
in general and administrative expenses were 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 28,000 for the year ended December
31, 2021, reflecting a decrease of 28,000. The decrease is the result of the fact that there were no stock option grants to general
and administrative employees and consultants and service providers of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021. Legal fees for general corporate purposes were 36,798 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared
to 250,950 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 214,152 related to reduced utilization of legal services for general,
non-financing related corporate matters. Legal fees associated with our filing of a Form 1-A offering statement and having it become
qualified have been charged to miscellaneous general and administrative expenses in the amount of 177,883, during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 due to the lack of likelihood of completing the offering, having previously been recorded as a deferred financing cost,
a current asset, on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Insurance costs were 107,776 for the year ended December
31, 2022 as compared to 98,948 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 8,828, primarily as a result of an increase in
the premium for our directors and officer liability insurance policy. Investor relations expenses increased 24,322 to 29,322 from 5,000
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively due to the completion of one investor relations program in 2021 and the
inception of a new digital media program in 2022. SEC filing and other expenses and OTC Market listing fees declined 19,677 totaling
 16,245 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 35,921 for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to a reduction
in OTC Market listing fees upon downlisting from the OTC QB Venture Market to the OTC Pink Market. Our transfer agent fees declined 16,249
due to the fact that there was a non-recurring reverse stock split expense in January 2021 and no similar charge in 2022. 

Research
and Development . For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses were 429,532, a decrease of 272,511 as
compared to 702,043for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily associated with the completion in 2021 of a contract and consultant s
work associated with the development of new proprietary dronabinol formulations and the completion of a contract in 2021 with the University
of Wisconsin as part of their outreach services associated with the production of active pharmaceutical ingredient in anticipation of
the commencement of additional preclinical studies in our GABAkines program. 

Gain
or Loss on Extinguishment of Debt and other Liabilities in Exchange for Equity . There was a gain of 100,000 resulting from the modification
of liabilities associated with the Second Amendment to the University of Illinois at Chicago 2014 License Agreement during the year ended
December 31, 2022 as compared to a gain of 62,548 associated with the payment settlement agreement associated with a vendor agreement
during the year ended December 31, 2021. Losses on convertible note modifications resulting from the issuance of incentive shares associated
with certain waivers during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 71,161 with no similar losses during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

42 

Interest
Expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense was 603,818 (including 13,536 to related parties), a decrease
of 120,951, as compared to 724,769 (including 12,289 to related parties) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in interest
expense resulted primarily from the maturity and repayment by conversion in whole or in part of four convertible notes during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021 aggregating principal amounts of 317,500 offset in part, by the establishment of four new, generally smaller
convertible notes during the year ended December 31, 2022. Also included in interest expense is the amortization of note discounts. 

Foreign
Currency Transaction Gain. The foreign currency transaction gain was 51,614 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
a foreign currency transaction gain of 75,410 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The foreign currency transaction loss or gain relates
to the 399,774 loan from SY Corporation Co., Ltd., formerly known as Samyang Optics Co. Ltd. SY Corporation ), made in
June 2012, which is denominated in the South Korean Won. 

Net
Loss . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 2,102,720 and a net loss attributable to common shareholders
of 3,972,993 (after deemed dividends), as compared to a net loss of 3,144,840 and a net loss attributable to commons shareholders of 3,522,882
(after deemed dividends) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Working
Capital and Cash 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the
realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred net losses of 2,102,720
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 3,144,840 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and negative operating cash flows
of 143,905 and 956,172 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The Company had a stockholders deficiency
of 11,880,320 as of December 31, 2022 and expects to continue to incur net losses and negative operating cash flows for at least the
next few years. Additionally, the Company has convertible notes outstanding with principal and accrued interest amounts otalling 1,269,622,
all but 109,345 has already matured and the 109,354 matures on May 31, 2023. In the past, the Company has been successful in getting
maturity dates extended or having convertible note holders repaid via conversion. In addition, the Company has been successful in having
license payment due dates extended and then meeting the payment obligations on such extended dates or further extended dates. There can
be no assurance that the Company will remain successful in those efforts. As a result, management has concluded that there is substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, has expressed
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern (see Going Concern below). 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of 11,706,321, as compared to a working capital deficit of 9,713,758 at
December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase in the working capital deficit of 1,992,563 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. This
increase is comprised of an increase in total current liabilities of 1,806,606, and a decrease in current assets of 185,957. The increase
in total current liabilities consists of a net increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 488,623, an increase in accrued
compensation and related expenses of 687,300, an increase in convertible notes payable of 468,162 inclusive of accrued interest, a
decrease in the note payable to SY Corporation inclusive of accrued interest of 3,641 an increase in notes payable to officers and former
officers and advances from officers of 144,978 and an increase in other short-term notes payable of 662. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had cash aggregating 87 as compared to 1,398 at December 31, 2020, reflecting a decrease in cash of
 1,311 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

43 

Operating Activities 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities utilized cash of 143,905 as compared to utilizing cash of 956,172for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, to support the Company s ongoing operations and research and development activities. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, financing activities consisted of net proceeds from convertible note financings of 95,000 net
of original issue discounts and 117,733 from new officer advances and 89,735 with respect to financing of a new directors
and officers insurance policy and other insurance policies, net of repayments. 

On
April 11, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
to establish Series J 8 Voting, Participating, Redeemable Preferred Stock which was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware on April 12, 2023. The Company issued 5,700 of Series J Preferred Stock with respect to 570,000 of forgiven or exchanged
accounts payable, advances by officers and others to company, debt, other liabilities and accrued but unpaid compensation. The shares
of Series J Preferred Stock are not convertible into Common Stock. For additional information about the Certificate of Designation of Series J Preferred Stock, the Series J Preferred
Stock, the exchange and exchange and settlement agreements and the transfer letter agreements, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on April 13, 2023, including but not limited to Exhibit 3.01 and Exhibit 99.1 through Exhibit 99.6. 

On
April 5, 2023 entered into a securities purchase agreement Series I Purchase Agreement) as a first closing of a
securities offering exempt from registration under federal securities laws, rules and regulation and those of the various states,
with two individual accredited investors investing jointly Investors ). Pursuant to the terms of the Securities I
Purchase Agreement, the investors invested 25,000 for 250 shares of Series I 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock Series I
Preferred Stock ). The Series I Preferred Stock is redeemable upon the occurrence of certain events defined in the Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series I 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock Certificate of
Designation and is not convertible into Common Stock.The Series I Purchase Agreement, the Certificate of Designation and the
delivery of the Series I Preferred Stock was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
April 3, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of its Series I Preferred Stock Series I Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation. The filing of the Series I Certificate of Designation was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

For
a more detailed description of the Series J Preferred Stock and Series I Preferred Stock, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financing Our Platforms in this report as well as our Current Reports on Form 8-K, including all exhibits filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023 and April
6, 2023, respectively. 

44 

Effective
August 22, 2022, the Company and three investors entered into three separate securities purchase agreements and the Company issued to
those three investors, three separate convertible notes in the aggregate amount of 111,111 and subject to original issue discount of
 11,111. The Company received 100,000 in the aggregate upon completion of the closings. The notes carry interest at 10 per annum
which interest is guaranteed during the term of the notes which matures on May 31, 2023. The notes inclusive of accrued interest are
repayable in full at maturity or may be converted at any time until maturity at a conversion price of 0.0015 per share of Common Stock.
In addition, the Company and the three investors entered into three separate registration rights agreements similar to those associated
with prior convertible notes. 

On
April 14, 2022, the Company and a single investor entered into a securities purchase agreement the pursuant to which the investor provided
 25,000 to the Company in return for a convertible promissory note with a face amount of 27,778 (which difference in value is due to
an original issue discount of 2,778), and a common stock purchase warrant exercisable for five years at an exercise price of 0.01 per
share on a cash or cashless basis, to purchase up to 2,777,800 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 which was
later adjusted to an exercise price of 0.0015 and 18,518,667 shares of Common Stock due to most favored nation provisions and the later
issuance of the August 22, 2022 notes described below. In addition, the Company and the investor entered into a piggy-back registration
rights agreement. The note contains blocker provisions such that no conversion would result in ownership of more than 4.99 
of the Company s then outstanding Common Stock. The note and the warrant each contain reserve requirements. 

The
Note obligated the Company to pay by April 14, 2023 a principal amount of 27,778 together with interest at a rate equal to 10 per annum.
The first twelve months of interest, equal to 2,778, is guaranteed and earned in full as of the effective date. The amount due were
not paid on April 14, 2023. The Company has not received a default notice from the investor. 

The
Company periodically issues convertible notes with similar characteristics. As described above and in the table in Note 4. Notes Payable
 Convertible Notes Payable in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 elsewhere in this
report. 

The
RespireRx and ResolutionRx may continue to engage in equity, equity-linked, non-convertible note or debt, or convertible note or other
forms of debt or hybrid financings, private placements of equity that are exempt from registration under federal and state securities
laws rules and regulations or similar laws, rules and regulations in Australia or other countries, equity lines of credit, public offerings
of securities and other forms of finance. The RespireRx and ResolutinRx will continue to consider additional forms of debt, equity and
strategic partner financing throughout 2023. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred net losses of
 2,102,720 and 3,144,840 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and negative operating cash flows of
 143,905 and 956,172 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also had a
stockholders deficiency of 11,880,320 at December 31, 2022 and expects to continue to incur net losses and negative
operating cash flows for at least the next few years. Additionally, the Company has, with respect to nine convertible notes
outstanding, 904,439 maturity amount inclusive of accrued interest which have matured, but for
which no notices of default have been received which must be paid or converted. The Company will seek to have maturity dates
extended in order to avoid a default on such convertible notes, which the Company has achieved in the past, but with respect to
which, the Company can provide no assurance. The Company has also not met its payment obligations to the UWM Research Foundation UWMRF of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, but has not received a notice of default and is in regular
communication with the UWMRF regarding the establishment of a payment schedule. As a result, management has concluded that there is
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, and the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022,
expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

45 

The
Company is currently, and has for some time, been in significant financial distress. It has extremely limited cash resources and current
assets and has no ongoing source of sustainable revenue. Management is continuing to address various aspects of the Company s operations
and obligations, including, without limitation, debt obligations, financing requirements, intellectual property, licensing agreements,
legal and patent matters and regulatory compliance, and has taken steps to continue to raise new debt and equity capital to fund the
Company s business activities from both related and unrelated parties. 

The
Company is continuing its efforts to raise additional capital in order to be able to pay its liabilities and fund its business activities
on a going forward basis, including the pursuit of the Company s planned research and development activities. The Company regularly
evaluates various measures to satisfy the Company s liquidity needs, including development and other agreements with collaborative
partners and, when necessary, seeking to exchange or restructure the Company s outstanding securities and liabilities. The Company
is evaluating certain changes to its operations and structure to facilitate raising capital from sources that may be interested in financing
only discrete aspects of the Company s development programs and in that regard, has formed an Australian subsidiary, ResolutionRx.
See Note 10. Subsequent Events. In addition to the formation of ResolutionRx, such changes could include additional significant reorganizations,
which may include the formation of one or more additional subsidiaries into which one or more programs may be contributed. As a result
of the Company s current financial situation, the Company has limited access to external sources of debt and equity financing.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional financing in the amounts necessary to fully
fund its operating and debt service requirements. If the Company is unable to access sufficient cash resources, the Company may be forced
to discontinue its operations entirely and liquidate. 

Principal
Commitments 

Employment
Agreements 

Effective
on May 6, 2020, Timothy Jones was appointed as RespireRx s President and Chief Executive Officer and entered into an employment
agreement as of that date. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements and Contracts Employment
Agreements to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021. Effective January 31 2022, Mr. Jones resigned as RespireRx s
President and Chief Executive Officer as well as a member of RespireRx s Board of Directors pursuant to an Employment Agreement
Termination and Separation Agreement dated February 8, 2022. 

Effective
January 31, 2022, Dr. Lippa was appointed as RespireRx s Interim President and Interim Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Lippa continues
to serve as RespireRx s Executive Chairman and as a member of the Board of Directors as well as the Company s Chief Scientific
Officer. See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements and Contracts Employment Agreements
to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021. See Note 10. Subsequent Events to the consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022. 

Jeff
E. Margolis currently serves as the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Margolis
also serves on the Company s Board of Directors. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements and Contracts
 Employment Agreements to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

46 

University
of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License Agreement 

On
June 27, 2014, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the 2014 License Agreement with the University
of Illinois, the material terms of which were similar to a License Agreement between the parties that had been previously terminated
on March 21, 2013. The 2014 License Agreement became effective on September 18, 2014. The 2014 License Agreement was amended by the first
amendment on July 25, 2017 to extend certain timeframes. Effective December 15, 2022, the Company and the Board of Trustees of the University
of Illinois UIL entered into the Second Amendment to RespireRx -University of Illinois Exclusive License Agreement. The
parties entered into the Second Amendment in order to eliminate accrued financial obligations to UIL and reduce future obligations. Annual
 100,00 payments by the Company to UIL are eliminated and the unpaid amount of 200,000 for calendar years 2021 and 2022 are no longer
due and payable. Among other changes, the 75,000 payment that was due after the dosing of the 1 st patient in a Phase II study
anywhere in the world is now reduced to 10,000 and UIL has been given an extension in the term of the License and a deferred compensation
obligation of RespireRx including the 4 royalty on net sales due to UIL has been extended for up to 8 years after the original patent
rights expire by including a royalty on the net sales protected by a patent application submitted by the Company describing a new formulation
of dronabinol. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies-Significant Agreements and Contracts-University of Illinois Exclusive License
Agreement for more details. 

Noramco
Inc. - Dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement 

On
September 4, 2018, RespireRx entered into a dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement with Noramco Inc., one of the world s major
dronabinol manufacturers, which was subsequently assigned by Noramco to its subsidiary, Purisys LLC. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies
 Significant Agreements and Contracts Normaco Inc. Dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement to the consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

UWM
Research Foundation 

On
August 1, 2020, RespireRx exercised its option pursuant to its option agreement dated March 2, 2020, between RespireRx and UWM Research
Foundation, an affiliate of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWMRF ). Upon exercise RespireRx and UWMRF executed the
UWMRF Patent License Agreement effective August 1, 2020 pursuant to which RespireRx licensed the identified intellectual property. Note
9. Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements and Contracts UWMRF Patent License Agreement to the consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

47 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
financial statements and other information required by this item are set forth herein in a separate section beginning with the Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow for timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. 

The
Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, consisting of its principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, consisting of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Management
has been focusing on developing replacement controls and procedures that are adequate to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated
and communicated to the Company s management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company is current in
its SEC periodic reporting obligations, but as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company had not yet
established adequate internal controls over financial reporting. 

The
Company s management, consisting of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that its disclosure
controls and procedures or its internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, the design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. In addition, as conditions change over time, so too may the effectiveness
of internal controls. However, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present,
in all material respects, the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to ensure that material information regarding
our operations is made available to management and the board of directors to provide them reasonable assurance that the published financial
statements are fairly presented. There are limitations inherent in any internal control, such as the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of controls. As a result, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation. As conditions change over time so too may the effectiveness of internal controls. 

48 

Our
management, consisting of our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Scientific Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the 2013 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
assessment, and taking into account the operating structure of the Company, our management has concluded that material weaknesses in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting existed as of December 31, 2022, primarily due to a lack of
segregation of duties given the Company s limited number of employees resulting in management s conclusion that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective at December 31, 2022. 

Within
the constraints of the Company s limited financial resources and as of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
the Company has not yet completed this process of reestablishing adequate internal controls over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management, consisting of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has determined that no change
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during or subsequent to the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors 

As
of the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the names of each of the directors and certain biographical information
about them are set forth below. Each of our directors serves until his or resignation or until a successor is appointed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Principal
 Occupation 

Arnold
 S Lippa, Ph.D. 
 
 76 
 
 2013 
 
 Interim
 President and Interim Chief Executive Officer (as of February 8, 2022) and Chief Scientific Officer and Chairman of the Board of
 the of Directors 

Jeff
 E. Margolis 
 
 67 
 
 2013 
 
 Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary and a Director of the Company and President of Aurora Capital LLC,
 an investment banking and securities brokerage firm 

Joseph
 Siegelbaum 
 
 75 
 
 2023 
 
 Director
 of the Company and retired partner of the law firm, Goodwin Procter LLP 

49 

Arnold
S. Lippa, Ph.D. : Dr. Lippa is a Senior Managing Director and founder of T Morgen Capital LLC through which he administers his family s
assets. T Morgen Capital LLC is a significant equity owner and managing member of Aurora Capital LLC Aurora ), which until
July 2021, was a boutique investment bank and securities firm of which Mr. Margolis is the president and founder, which has served as
a placement agent with respect to certain of the Company s prior financings. Aurora Capital LLC no longer engages in an investment
banking or securities business. Dr. Lippa and Mr. Margolis jointly manage, since 2004, Atypical BioCapital Management LLC, a life sciences
fund management company. Since 2006, Dr. Lippa has also been the Executive Chairman of the board of Xintria Pharmaceutical Corporation,
a Delaware corporation, as well as a member of its board of directors. Dr. Lippa is a member of the Board of Directors of Hepion Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. since December 2015 where he is a member of the audit committee, the compensation committee and the Corporate Governance/Nominating
Committee. Dr. Lippa was co-founder of DOV Pharmaceutical, Inc., where he served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
from its inception in 1995 through 2005. Dr. Lippa stepped down as a director of DOV Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2006. 

We
believe that Dr. Lippa s qualifications to serve on our Board include his current positions of Chief Scientific Officer, his current
positions (as of February 8, 2022) as Interim President and Interim Chief Executive Officer, and his experience working in management
roles in other pharmaceutical companies as described above. We also believe that Dr. Lippa s qualifications also include his experiences
as a financier of both biopharmaceutical and other companies. Dr. Lippa provides the Board with both technical and scientific expertise
in drug discovery and drug development, research management, governmental regulations and strategic planning expertise that is important
to the advancement of our research platforms as well as to the overall success of the Company. Dr. Lippa was appointed to our board of
directors in March 2013. 

Jeff
E. Margolis : Mr. Margolis is the president and founder of Aurora, which he founded 1994. Aurora Capital Corp., a corporation wholly
owned by Mr. Margolis, is a significant equity owner and managing member of Aurora. Dr. Lippa and Mr. Margolis jointly manage, since
2004, Atypical BioCapital Management LLC, a life sciences fund management company which in turn manages Atypical BioVentures Fund LLC.
Mr. Mr. Margolis Is a managing member of Aurora Consultants LLC, a family investment vehicle and consulting firm. Mr. Margolis, through
Aurora Consultants LLC is a member of Atypical Bioventures Fund LLC. Since 2006, Mr. Margolis has also been the Chief Financial Officer
of Xintria Pharmaceutical Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as well as a member of its board of directors. 

We
believe that Mr. Margolis s qualifications to serve on our Board include his significant experience in financial, operational and
management roles within pharmaceutical companies and within the financial industry as described above. He also has extensive prior experience
working in business development and provides the Company with extremely useful expertise in financing and capital markets, knowledge
gained though his position as President of Aurora. Mr. Margolis also provides broad financial expertise. Mr. Margolis was appointed to
our board of directors in March 2013. 

Joseph
Siegelbaum : Mr. Siegelbaum was a partner at the law firm of Goodwin Procter LLP in New York, NY from 2000 until his retirement at
the end of 2021. Before that he was the co-founder and Managing Partner at the law firm of Friedman Siegelbaum in Roseland, NJ from 1977
to 2000. He served as a member of the Board of Directors and President of the New York March of Dimes from 2004 through 2022. Mr. Siegelbaum
also served as a member of the Board of Directors of Oxfam America from 2018 through 2021. He is a graduate of Franklin Marshall
College and Rutgers Law School, where he was Articles Editor of the Rutgers Law Review. 

We
believe Mr. Siegelbaum s qualifications to serve on our Board include his legal background as well as his knowledge of biopharmaceutical
industry gained through his services to clients in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry. 

50 

Executive
Officers 

Each
executive officer of the Company serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The names of the Company s executive officers
are set forth below. At December 31, 2022, each of our executive officers except David Dickason and Richard Purcell was also a member
of our board of directors, and the biographical information of those officers appears above in the immediately prior section. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Principal Commitments Employment Agreements for information on the term of service for each of Dr. Lippa
and Mr. Margolis. Mr. Dickason has provided his services to the Company on a month-to-month basis pursuant to a consulting agreement
with the Company and did not provide any services during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Purcell provides his services to
the Company on a month-to-month basis through his consulting firm, DNA Healthlink, Inc. for a monthly fee and did not provide any services
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Additional information with respect to shares of Common Stock or stock options that have
been issued to Mr. Dickason and Mr. Purcell is provided at Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies Significant Agreements
and Contracts Consulting Agreements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, included with this report. 

Name 
 
 Position
 with Company 
 
 Arnold
 S. Lippa, Ph.D. 
 
 Interim
 President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, effective January 31, 2022 and Chief Scientific Officer and Chairman of the Board 

Jeff
 E. Margolis 
 
 Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

BOARD
COMMITTEES 

The
board of directors does not maintain any separate standing board committees. Instead, the functions of each of the Audit Committee, the
Compensation Committee and the Governance and Nomination Committee have been and are currently being addressed by the full board of directors.
This arrangement was initially implemented in 2013 when current management was put in place. At that time there were no independent directors.
Since that time, the Company has added two independent directors, both in 2014, however, because of the small size of the Board generally
and because the Board includes only one independent director, the Company has not appointed standing committees. 

Audit
Committee . The board of directors meets with the Company s independent registered public accountants and management to
prepare for and to review the results of the annual audit and to discuss the annual and quarterly financial statements, earnings releases
and related matters. The board of directors, among other things, (i) selects and retains the independent registered public accountants,
(ii) reviews with the independent registered public accountants the scope and anticipated cost of their audit, and their independence
and performance, (iii) reviews accounting practices, financial structure and financial reporting, (iv) receives and considers the independent
registered public accountants comments as to controls, adequacy of staff and management performance and procedures in connection
with audit and financial controls, (v) reviews and pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided to the Company by the independent
registered public accountants, and (vi) reviews and pre-approves all related-party transactions. The board of directors does not itself
prepare financial statements or perform audits, and its members are not auditors or certifiers of the Company s financial statements. 

Since
the change in composition of our board of directors in March 2013, the composition of an Audit Committee has not been determined, nor
has the current board of directors adopted an amended written charter. When an Audit Committee is reestablished along with a written
charter, such charter will be made available on the Company s website at www.respirerx.com. 

51 

Compensation
Committee. The traditional functions of the Compensation Committee include, without limitation, administering the Company s
incentive ownership programs and approving the compensation to be paid to the Company s directors and executive officers. The board
of directors acting in the capacity of a Compensation Committee typically meets no less frequently than annually as circumstances dictate
to discuss and determine executive officer and director compensation. Historically, the Company s Chief Executive Officer annually
reviews the performance of each executive officer (other than the Chief Executive Officer, whose performance is reviewed by the board
of directors). The conclusions reached and recommendations based on these reviews, including with respect to salary adjustments and annual
award amounts, are presented to the board of directors, which can exercise its discretion in modifying any recommended adjustments or
awards to executive officers. The board of directors is entitled to, but generally does not, retain the services of any compensation
consultants. Neither the board of directors nor management has engaged a compensation consultant in the past fiscal year. 

Since
the change in composition of our board of directors in March 2013, the members of the board of directors have performed the functions
of a Compensation Committee and the composition of a Compensation Committee has not been determined nor has the current board of directors
adopted a written committee charter. When a Compensation Committee is reestablished along with a written charter, such charter will be
made available on the Company s website at www.respirerx.com. 

Governance
and Nominations Committee. The traditional functions of the Governance and Nominations Committee include, without limitation,
(i) identifying individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors, (ii) recommending director nominees for the next annual
meeting of stockholders and to fill vacancies that may be created by the expansion of the number of directors serving on the board of
directors and by resignation, retirement or other termination of services of incumbent directors, (iii) developing and recommending to
the board of directors corporate governance guidelines and changes thereto, (iv) ensuring that the board of directors and the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws are structured in a way that best serves the Company s practices and objectives, (v) leading
the board of directors in its annual review of the board of directors performance; and (vi) recommending to the board of directors
nominees for each committee. Accordingly, the board of directors, acting in the capacity of a Governance and Nominations Committee, annually
reviews the composition of the board of directors as a whole and makes recommendations, if deemed necessary, to enhance the composition
of the board of directors. The board of directors first considers a candidate s management experience and then considers issues
of judgment, background, conflicts of interest, integrity, ethics and commitment to the goal of maximizing stockholder value when considering
director candidates. The board of directors also focuses on issues of diversity, such as diversity of gender, race and national origin,
education, professional experience and differences in viewpoints and skills. The board of directors does not have a formal policy with
respect to diversity; however, the board of directors believes that it is essential that the members of the board of directors represent
diverse viewpoints. In considering candidates for the board of directors, the board considers the entirety of each candidate s
credentials in the context of these standards. With respect to the nomination of continuing directors for re-election, the individual s
contributions to the board of directors are also considered. 

Since
the change in composition of our board of directors in March 2013, the members of the board of directors have performed the functions
of a Governance and Nominations Committee and the composition of a Governance and Nominations Committee has not been determined nor has
the current board of directors adopted a written charter. When a Governance and Nominations Committee is reestablished along with a written
committee charter, such charter will be made available on the Company s website at www.respirerx.com. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 
of the Company s outstanding common stock, whom the Company refers to collectively as the reporting persons, to file
reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC, and to furnish the Company with copies of these reports. 

Based
solely on the Company s review of the copies of these reports received by it and written representations received from certain
of the reporting persons with respect to the filing of reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5, the Company believes that all such filings required
to be made by the reporting persons for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were made on a timely basis, except for any Form 3 or
Form 4 that may be required for any of the beneficial holders, other than officers and directors listed in Item 12. 

52 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company had previously adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which had covered all of our directors and employees, including
our principal executive and financial officers. That Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has never been adopted by the current Board
of Directors that was appointed after the change in management that occurred in March 2013 described above. When practicable, the Board
of Directors intends to adopt a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics with elements listed under Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, and that
document will be posted on our website at www.respirerx.com and in a report filed with the SEC on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table for 2022 

The
table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020. The information contained under the heading Stock Awards for all named executive officers includes the
estimated value of equity awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and does not reflect actual cash payments or actual dollars
awarded. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary )(1) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 All Other Compensation )(2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Arnold S. Lippa, Ph.D. Interim President, Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 339,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 339,600 
 
 and Chief Scientific Officer 
 2021 
 339,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 339,600 

Timothy L. Jones, Former Chief Executive 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Officer and President 
 2021 
 322,350 
 200,000 
 - 
 - 
 522,350 

Jeff E. Margolis Senior Vice President, 
 2022 
 321,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 321,600 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 2021 
 321,600 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 321,600 

(1) 
 The
 2022 and 2021 salary amounts in the table above reflect contractual salary amounts plus employee benefits. There were no bonuses,
 stock or stock option awards or other compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(2) 
 In
 accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules, Other Annual Compensation in the form of perquisites and
 other personal benefits has been omitted where the aggregate amount of such perquisites and other personal benefits was less than
 10,000. 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

No
accruals for cash compensation or bonuses were accrued for Mr. Jones in 2022 pursuant to the terms of his termination and separation
agreement. In 2021, the Company accrued a cash bonus of 200,000 for Mr. Jones in accordance with the terms of his employment contract.
Effective January 31, 2022, Mr. Jones resigned as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officers and as a member of the Company s
Board of Directors. On February 8, 2022, Dr. Lippa was appointed as the Company s Interim President and Interim Chief Executive
Officer while continuing as the Company s Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. See Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Principal Commitments- Employment Agreements
 for more information about the compensation terms under the employment agreements of Mr. Jones, Dr. Lippa and Mr. Margolis. 

Taking
into account the Company s current operating structure and business plans, management is currently reevaluating the compensation
policies of the Company and, as a result of that reassessment and in light of the Company s current financial circumstances, has
made departures from the Company s historic compensation policies and will likely make substantial adjustments to such policies,
including the termination of such policies, in the future. 

53 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table shows information concerning outstanding equity awards at December 31, 2022, made by The Company to its named executive
officers. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Timothy L. Jones 
 1,700,000 
 0 
 0 
 0.072 
 7/31/25 
 
 Arnold S. Lippa 
 55,959 
 0 
 0 
 14.500 
 12/9/27 
 
 Jeff E. Margolis 
 38,868 
 0 
 0 
 14.500 
 12/9/27 

At
December 31, 2022, there were 1,794,827 options outstanding to named executive officers all of which were vested. 

OPTION
EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED FOR 2022 

None
of the Company s named executive officers exercised any options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock during
the year ended December 31, 2022. There were no unvested option awards as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, there were
options and warrants exercisable into 21,292,192 shares of Common Stock outstanding to named executive officers of which 118,247
shares were related to options and all of which had vested having exercise prices ranging from 0.14.50 to 73.77 per share for
shares of Common Stock and 21,173,945 were issuable upon exercise of the warrants having exercise prices ranging from 0.07 to
 15.75 per share for shares of Common Stock. 

Employment
Agreements Termination or Change in Control 

Two
of the Company s named executive officers, Arnold S. Lippa, Ph.D. and Jeff E. Margolis (each an
 Executive ), entered into employment agreements with the Company on May 06, 2020 and August 18, 2015 Upon entering into
such agreements, the Company disclosed these agreements and filed them as exhibits on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 6, 2020
and August 19, 2015. The employment agreements that would have terminated on September 30, 2018 for Dr. Lippa and Mr. Margolis, were
automatically extended for periods of one year pursuant to the terms of such agreements on September 30, 2020 and 2021. Following is
a summary of the arrangements that provide for payment to a named executive officer at, following or in connection with any
termination, including resignation, retirement or other termination, or in connection with a change of control or a change in the
named executive officer s responsibilities following a change in control. Effective as of January 31, 2022, the Company and
Mr. Timothy L. Jones entered into an Employment Termination and Separation Agreement on February 8, 2022, and the Company disclosed
this agreement as well as Mr. Jones resignation letter as exhibits on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022. Mr.
Jones termination was not for cause. 

Each
of the Executive employment agreements provide that if the Executive is terminated by the Company for cause, or by the Executive without
good reason, or as a result of death or disability, Executive (or his estate) would be entitled to receive (i) any base salary earned
but not paid through the date of such termination, paid on the next regularly scheduled payroll date following such termination and (ii)
all other benefits, if any, due Executive, as determined in accordance with the plans, policies and practices of the Company. There are
currently no plans policies or practices of the Company under clause (ii) of the prior sentence that would provide any additional benefits. 

Each
of the Executive employment agreements provide that if the Executive is terminated by the Company without cause, or by the Executive
for good reason, the Executive Officer would be entitled to (i) a lump sum payment equal to twelve months of the Executive s then
current base salary and (ii) full acceleration of the vesting of any then unvested stock options or other equity compensation awards
held by the Executive (with any unvested performance-based awards accelerated at 100 of target performance levels). 

54 

If
the Executive were to breach any of section of the employment agreement related to confidentiality, inventions or restrictive covenants,
or the Company determines that Executive engaged in an act or omission that, if discovered during Executive s employment, would
have entitled the Company to terminate Executive s employment hereunder for Cause, the Executive would forfeit the right to any
unpaid severance and any unexercised options. 

As
used in the employment agreements, cause means (i) any act of personal dishonesty taken by the Executive in connection
with his employment hereunder, (ii) the Executive s conviction or plea of nolo contendere to a felony, (iii) any act by
the Executive that constitutes material misconduct and is injurious to the Company, (iv) continued violations by the Executive of the
Executive s obligations to the Company, (v) material breach of the employment agreement, (vi) commission of any act of serious
moral turpitude, or (vii) material failure to comply with the lawful direction of the Board. As used in the employment agreements, for
good reason means without Executive s express written consent (i) a material diminution of Executive s duties, position
or responsibilities relative to Executive s duties, position or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such reduction;
(ii) a material diminution by the Company of Executive s base salary as in effect immediately prior to such reduction, other than
a general reduction in base salary that affects all of the Company s executive officers; (iii) any material breach by the Company
of the employment agreement; or (iv) the relocation of Executive to a facility or a location more than fifty (50) miles from the current
location of the Executive s principal office, which the Company and Executive agree would constitute a material change in the geographic
location at which Executive must perform services to the Company. 

In
the event of a change in control of the company prior to the vesting of any of the options granted to the Executive in connection with
entering into the employment agreement, all such unvested options would vest and become exercisable and would be exercised by cashless
or net exercise, subject to any limitations set forth in the applicable option plans, option agreements and applicable law. As used in
the employment agreements, Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person 
(as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule
13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50 of the total
voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; (ii) the consummation of the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; or (iii) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the
Company with any other corporation, other than a merger consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding
immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity or its parent) more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company
or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; provided, however, that notwithstanding
the foregoing, the following shall not constitute a Change in Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Company, (B) any acquisition
by the Company, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or one of
its affiliates, (D) any joint venture, (E) any royalty agreement, or (F) any license agreement. 

The
Company entered into an agreement with DNA Healthlink, Inc. effective on October 15, 2014 pursuant to which, Richard Purcell, the
fourth named executive officer, was to serve as the Company s Senior Vice President of Research and Development on a
month-to-month basis at the rate of 12,500 per month. Mr. Purcell did not provide such services during the fourth quarter of 2020,
provided limited services on a per hour basis during 2021 and did not provide services in 2022. On September 14, 2021, the Company
and DNA Healthlink, Inc. DNA Healthlink entered into a settlement agreement (the DNA Healthlink Settlement
Agreement regarding 410,000 in unpaid accounts payable owed by the Company to DNA Healthlink (the DNA Healthlink Settlement
Amount for services provided by DNA Healthlink to the Company pursuant to an agreement by and between the Company and
DNA Healthlink dated October 15, 2014. Under the terms of the DNA Healthlink Settlement Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay
to DNA Healthlink the full DNA Healthlink Settlement Amount as follows: twelve monthly payments of 8,000 each commencing on
November 15, 2021, followed by twelve monthly payments of 10,000 each commencing on November 15, 2022, followed by twelve monthly
payments of 15,000 each commencing on November 15, 2023, followed by one final payment of 14,000 on November 15, 2024. If, prior
to March 14, 2023, the Company receives one or more upfront license fee payments or any other similar fee or fees from one or more
strategic partners that aggregate at least fifteen million dollars 15,000,000.00) Upfront Fees ), then the
full DNA Healthlink Settlement Amount, less any amounts previously paid, will be accelerated and become due and payable in full
within ninety (90) days of receipt of any Upfront Fees. As a result of the DNA Healthlink Settlement Agreement, the Company recorded
a gain with respect to vendor settlements of 62,548 in 2021. The Company made payments of 8,000 in November 2021 and December
2021, but has not made payments since then. 

The
Company entered into an agreement with David Dickason effective September 15, 2020 pursuant to which, Mr. Dickason, the fifth named executive
officer, was to serve as the Company s Senior Vice President of Preclinical Product Development, at will, at an hourly rate of
 250 per hour. In addition, the agreement called for a restricted common stock grant of 200,000 shares of Common Stock, with a vesting
schedule of 25 on December 15, 2020 and 25 on each of March 15, June 15 and September 15, 2021. 200,000 stock options were granted
in lieu of restricted common stock. 

55 

Director
Compensation 

When
the Compensation Committee was standing, it had used a combination of cash and stock-based incentive compensation to attract and retain
qualified candidates to serve on the Board of Directors. In setting director compensation, the Compensation Committee considered the
significant amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company, as well as the skill-level required by the
Company of members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, sitting as a compensation committee has continued these policies
in carrying out the duties of the previous Compensation Committee. 

There
were no option grants to Kathryn MacFarlane during 2022 and 2021and Ms. MacFarlane resigned on July 31, 2022. During 2022 and 2021 Ms.
MacFarlane earned 30,000 and 60,000 in cash compensation, however, such amounts have not yet been paid. 

Director
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table shows the compensation received by the non-employee members of our board of directors for the year ended December 31,
2022. Directors who are also employees/officers of the Company did not receive any additional compensation for services as a director. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash )(2) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Kathryn MacFarlane 
 30,000 
 
 - 
 30,000 

(1) 
 No
 options were issued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 15,000
 per quarter was earned by our non-employee member of the board of directors and 0 earned during the quarter of resignation. . 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Beneficial
Ownership of Common Stock 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of Common Stock as of April 11, 2023, by (i) each person
known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of the Company s directors,
(iii) each of the Company s named executive officers, and (iv) all of the Company s executive officers and directors as a
group. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, the Company believes that the persons named in this table have sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock indicated. In computing the number and percentage ownership of shares
beneficially owned by a person, shares of Common Stock that a person has a right to acquire within sixty (60) days of April 11, 2023
pursuant to options, warrants or other rights are considered as outstanding, while these shares are not considered as outstanding for
computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. The total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of April 11, 2023 was 144,326,672. 

56 

Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Directors, Officers and 5 Stockholders (a) 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 

Arnold Lippa Family Trust of 2007 
 57,511,542 (b) 
 37.01 

Jeff Margolis Trusts 
 55,887,559 (c) 
 36.16 

Directors and Officers: 

Jeff E. Margolis 
 55,887,559 (c) 
 36.16 

Arnold S. Lippa, Ph.D. 
 - 
 0.00 

Joseph Siegelbaum 
 - (d) 
 0.00 

Richard Purcell 
 517,691 (e) 
 0.36 

David Dickason 
 200,000 (f) 
 0.14 

Marc Radin 
 30,254,840 (g) 
 20.52 

All directors and current executive officers as a group (5 persons) 
 102,655,076 
 28.17 

(a) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, each individual or entity has, or is entitled to have within 60 days of April 12, 2023, sole voting or dispositive
 power with respect to the shares reported as beneficially owned. 

(b) 
 Dr.
 Lippa is neither the trustee nor the beneficiary of the Arnold Lippa Family Trust of 2007 (the Lippa Trust ). Morgen
 Krisch, Dr. Lippa s daughter, and her two sons are beneficiaries of the Lippa Trust. These holdings include 11,461,716 shares
 of Common Stock, options to purchase 66,419 shares of Common Stock, warrants exercisable into 10,983,407 shares of Common Stock and 2,100 shares of Series J Preferred Stock that are not convertible into Common Stock but which have 35,000,000
votes.
 The address of the Lippa Trust is c/o RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., 126 Valley Road, Suite C, Glen Rock, New Jersey 07452. 

(c) 
 Mr.
 Margolis holdings are directly held by six trusts, three of which Mr. Margolis is the trustee and the balance of which Mr.
 Margolis spouse is the trustee (the Margolis Trusts ). These holdings include 10,645,193 shares of Common Stock,
 options to purchase 51,828 shares of Common Stock, warrants exercisable into 10,190,538 shares of Common Stock and 2,100 shares of Series J Preferred Stock that are not convertible into Common Stock but which have 35,000,000
votes. The address of the
 Margolis Trusts is c/o RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., 126 Valley Road, Suite C, Glen Rock, New Jersey 07452. 

57 

(d) 
 Joseph Siegelbaum does not own any shares of Common Stock, options or warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
or Series J Preferred Stock. 

(e) 
 Mr.
 Purcell s holdings include 615 shares of Common Stock and options to purchase 517,076 shares of Common Stock. 

(f) 
 Mr.
 Dickason s holdings include options to purchase 200,000 shares of Common Stock. 

(g) 
 Mr.
 Radin s holdings include 2,126,389 shares of Common Stock, warrants to purchase 2,119,679 shares of Common Stock and options
 to purchase 1,008,772 shares of Common Stock and 1,500 shares of Series J Preferred Stock that are not convertible into Common Stock
 but which have 25,000,000 votes. Mr. Radin s holdings include any shares that may be owned in an individual retirement account
 held by him or his spouse. Mr. Radin is not a director or an executive officer of the Company. 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangements that may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

In
March 2014, the Company s stockholders approved, by written consent, the Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity, Equity-Linked
and Equity Derivative Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed March 24, 2014, which provides for the issuance of shares of Common Stock, in the form of stock grants and options to directors,
officers, employees, consultants and other service providers of the Company. There are 32,503 shares authorized and 6,325 available for
issuance under the 2014 Plan. 

On
June 30, 2015, the Board adopted the 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan (the 2015 Plan ), filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 8, 2015, which similarly provides for the issuance of equity and equity derivative securities such
as options. The Company amended the 2015 Plan on March 31, 2016, January 17, 2017, December 9, 2017, December 28, 2018, May 5, 2020,
and July 31, 2020 and filed descriptions of such amendments on the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K on April 6, 2016, January
23, 2017, December 14, 2017, January 4, 2019, May 6, 2020, and August 3, 2020, respectively. The amendments discussed above primarily
increased the number of shares of Common Stock authorized to be issued under the 2015 Plan as approved by the Board, with the August
3, 2020 amendment expanding the number of shares of Common Stock authorized to be issued under the 2015 plan to 158,985,260 shares, which
number of shares was adjusted to 15,898,526 upon the consummation of the reverse stock split with respect to Common Stock on January
5, 2021. On July 29, 2021, the Company amended the 2015 Plan to increase the number of shares by an additional 7,000,000 to 22,898,526
shares and filed a description of this amendment on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 30, 2021. The Company has
not presented, nor does it intend to present, the 2015 Plan, as amended, to shareholders for approval. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding outstanding options, warrants and rights and shares reserved for future issuance under
our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,564 
 64.025 
 6,325 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (including non-plan options) 
 9,197,792 
 0.582 
 13,670,110 

Total 
 9,199,356 
 0.592 
 13,676,435 

58 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Director
Independence 

As
of December 31, 2022, ther were no independent directors due as that term is defined under Section 803 of the NYSE Amex Company Guide Section 803 ). As noted above, as of December 31, 2022, all of the functions of the Audit, Compensation and Governance
and Nominations Committees were being performed by the full board of directors. Dr. Lippa, Mr. Jones and Mr. Margolis are not independent
directors as defined above. On March 22, 2023, Mr. Joseph Siegelbaum was appointed to the board of directors as an independent
director as that term is defined under Section 803. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Dr.
Arnold S. Lippa and Jeff E. Margolis, officers and directors of RespireRx since March 22, 2013, have indirect ownership and managing
membership interests in Aurora Capital LLC Aurora through interests held in its members, and Jeff. E. Margolis is also
an officer of Aurora. Aurora, until July 2021 was a boutique investment banking firm specializing in the life sciences sector. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Arnold S. Lippa, the Company s Interim President and Interim Chief Executive Officer
(as of February 8, 0222) and the Company s Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman extended credit to the Company in
the aggregate amount of 117,733,. The total balance of advances due to Dr. Lippa as of December 31, 2022 is 226,393 and
has been accounted for by the Company as an advance by Dr. Lippa payable on demand. Dr. Lippa has advanced certain patent related
amounts during 2022. The proceeds of these advances were to make payments to the Company s auditors, patent counsel and
payments due with respect to an insurance premium that had been financed. See also Note 4. Notes Payable to our consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Haskell
 White LLP, acted as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
for the interim periods in such fiscal years. The following table shows the approximate fees that were incurred by us for audit and other
services provided by Haskell White LLP in fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

2022 

2021 

Audit
 Fees (1) 

117,000 

122,800 

Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 

- 

- 

Tax
 Fees (3) 

- 

- 

All
 Other Fees (4) 

- 

7,500 

Total 

117,000 

130,300 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review
 of our financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided in connection
 with statutory or regulatory filings. 

59 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees, if any, represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
 of our financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Tax
 fees, if any, represent fees for professional services related to tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) 
 All
 other fees, if any, represent fees for products and services rendered by our independent registered accounting firm other than those
 listed above, including fees for consents and work related to registration statements, if any. 

All
audit related services and other services rendered by Haskell White LLP were pre-approved by our Board of Directors. The Board
of Directors has adopted a pre-approval policy that provides for the pre-approval of all services performed for us by our independent
registered public accounting firm. Tax services are not provided by Haskell White LLP. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 List
 of documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Reference
 is made to the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1, where these documents are listed. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

The
 financial statement schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable, or not present in amounts sufficient
 to require submission of the schedules, or because the information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

A
 list of exhibits required to be filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth in the Exhibit Index, which is presented
 elsewhere in this document and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

60 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (INCLUDING
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM) 

Years
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficiency - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

 RespireRx
Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RespireRx
Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders deficiency, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the
 consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has experienced
recurring losses, negative cash flows from operations, has limited capital resources, and a net stockholders deficiency. These
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to
these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (CONTINUED) 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of the critical audit matters do not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Accounting
for Complex Debt Transactions 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into several convertible notes payable that included original issue discounts,
conversion features, and warrants. The proceeds of the convertible notes payable are allocated to the components of the convertible debt
instrument in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options. Management used the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to estimate the fair value of any warrants issued with the convertible notes, and allocated the proceeds to the warrants and the
debt host based on a relative fair value basis. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model involves the use of significant estimates, including
the following: 

Risk-free
 interest rate; 
 
 Expected
 share price volatility; 
 
 Expected
 dividend yield; and 
 
 Contractual
 life of the award. 

Given
the significant estimates involved in determining the individual components of the debt instrument and the related debt discounts resulting
from the relative fair value calculation for the warrants and equity characteristics of the conversion features, the related audit effort
in evaluating management s estimates in determining those items was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

We
obtained an understanding over management s process to determine the individual components of the debt instrument and the methodology
to calculate the relative fair value of the warrants in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. This also included assessing
how management develops each of the estimates for the inputs to the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We applied the following audit
procedures related to testing the management s estimates utilized in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for valuing the warrants: 

We
 compared the Company s risk-free interest rate used to the comparable United States Treasury yield for a term comparable to
 the warrants remaining contractual term. 

We
 recalculated the Company s historical share price volatility for a term of 12 months prior to the grant date because management
 considered the volatility for this period to be a better reflection of future value than the historical share price volatility of
 the term of the options. 

F- 3 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (CONTINUED) 

We
 performed a look-back of the Company s previously issued dividends, noting there were none. We inquired with management of
 the Company who informed us that no future dividends were currently anticipated. 

We
 agreed the inputs used for the term of the warrants to the contractual term of the warrant. 

We
also reviewed management s relative fair value calculation used to determine the components of the debt instrument and the values
assigned to each as follows: 

We
 obtained a copy of the convertible debt agreement to understand its terms, noting management properly identified the components of
 the debt instrument. 

We
 agreed the proceeds of the notes to deposits in the banking records. 

We
 evaluated the accounting methodology to assign values to the individual debt components determining it was consistent with the applicable
 accounting standards. 

We
 agreed the fair value assigned to the warrants to the fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

We
 recalculated the relative fair value assigned to the warrants and host debt instrument. 

Classification
of Research and Development Costs for Salaries 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company allocated 100 of the compensation for its Chief Scientific Officer and Interim Chief Executive
Officer as research and development expenses, which is a significant component of the Company s overall research and development
expenses for the year. 

Given
the subjective determination of the estimate to allocate the costs as research and development expense and whether his activities constituted
research and development costs as defined within the accounting literature, the related audit effort in evaluating management s
estimates in determining those activities was extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

We
obtained an understanding of the duties and activities of the Chief Scientific Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer, including
what other personnel perform general and administrative tasks of the Company. We applied the following audit procedures related to the
testing of management s determination that 100 of this compensation qualifies as research and development expenses: 

Obtained
 a written memorandum signed by the Chief Scientific Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer
 that describes his research and development activities during the year, which provided examples
 of these activities and any time incurred on general and administrative duties as deminimus. 
 
 We
 examined documentation provided as examples of the research and development activities and evaluated the examples of research and
 development expenditures to determine they are consistent with the accounting literature to qualify as research and development
 expenses. 
 
 Confirmed
 with the other principal officer of the Company that his services provided all general administrative
 services for the Company. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 4 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Deferred financing costs 
 - 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, including and payable to related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accrued compensation and related expenses 

Convertible notes payable, currently due and payable on demand, including accrued
 interest of and 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (of which , including accrued interest of , was the subject of notices of
 default at December 31, 2022) (Note 4) 

Note payable to SY Corporation, including accrued interest of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, payment obligation currently in default (Note 4) 

Notes and advances payable to officers, including accrued interest of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (Note 4) 

Notes payable to former officer, including accrued interest of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively (Note 4) 

Other short-term notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Long-term accounts payable associated with payment settlement agreements, including long-term accounts payable due to affiliates of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively (Note 5) 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficiency: (Note 6) 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value; per share liquidation preference; aggregate liquidation preference ; shares authorized: ; shares issued and outstanding: ; common shares issuable upon conversion at common shares per Series B share: 1 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized: ; shares issued and outstanding: and at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively (reflected on a post 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficiency 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficiency 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

F- 5 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative, including and to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Research and development, including and to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Gain on warrant exchange 
 - 

Gain on settlement or modification of debt and other liabilities 

Loss on note modification 

Interest expense, including and to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 

Net loss 

Deemed dividends from warrant anti-dilution provisions 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted respectively (reflected on a post 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted respectively (reflected on a post 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

F- 6 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series B and 

Series H Convertible 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficiency 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 

Costs of stock issuance 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of note commitment shares and beneficial conversion feature 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of Common Stock upon conversion of Convertible Notes 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Adjustment due to reverse stock split 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain on warrant exchange 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of notes payable with beneficial conversion features, other note discounts, warrant, and/or commitment shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon cashless warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Warrant value for issuance of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of convertible notes 

Issuance of common stock upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

F- 7 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discounts related to convertible notes payable 

Stock-based compensation and fees included in - 

General and administrative expenses 
 - 

Research and development expenses and vesting options 
 - 

Equity based conversion fees 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on warrant exchange 
 - 

Gain on settlement or modification of debt or other liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on modification of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based payment arrangement, expense 
 - 

Foreign currency transaction loss (gain) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in - 

Prepaid expenses and advanced clinical research payments 

Deferred financing costs 
 - 

Increase (decrease) in - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation and related expenses 

Accrued interest payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from convertible note borrowings 

Proceeds from sale of Common Stock 
 - 

Borrowings on short-term notes payable, net of repayments 

Proceeds from officer notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

Net increase (decrease) 

Balance at beginning of period 

Balance at end of period 

(Continued) 

F- 8 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for - 

Interest 

Non-cash financing activities: 

Shares issued with conversion of debt 

Commitment shares/warrants issued with debt financing 

Cashless warrant exercises 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses extinguished with common stock options 
 - 

Conversion of accounts payable to long-term liabilities 

Issuance of warrants with convertible notes or as deemed dividend associated with most-favored nation provisions of convertible notes 

Debt discounts established for convertible notes 

Increase in principal amount of convertible note 
 - 

Conversion of accounts payable to officer notes payable to officer 
 
 - 
 
 Insurance policies 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and report of independent registered public accounting firm. 

F- 9 

RESPIRERX
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 AND
SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Financing
our Platforms 

Our
major challenge has been to raise substantial equity or equity-linked financing to support research and development plans for our cannabinoid
and neuromodulator platforms, while minimizing the dilutive effect to pre-existing stockholders. At present, we believe that we are hindered
primarily by our public corporate structure, our OTC Pink Markets listing, and low market capitalization as a result of our low stock
price as well as the weakness of our balance sheet. 

For
this reason, the Company has affected an internal restructuring plan through which our two drug platforms have been reorganized into
separate business units and may in the future, be organized into subsidiaries of RespireRx. We believe that by creating one or more subsidiaries
to further the aims of ResolutionRx and EndeavourRx, it may be possible, through separate finance channels, to unlock the unrealized
asset values of each and set up its programs for partnering or sale. 

The
Company is also engaged in business development efforts (licensing/sub-licensing, joint venture and other commercial structures)
with a view to securing strategic partnerships that represent strategic and operational infrastructure additions, as well as cash
and in-kind funding opportunities. These efforts have focused on, but have not been limited to, seeking to transact with brand
and generic pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies as well as companies with potentially useful formulation or manufacturing
capabilities, significant subject matter expertise and financial resources. We believe that some or all of our assets should be
licensed, sub-licensed, joint ventured or even sold and have initiated efforts to do so. No assurance can be given that any
transaction will come to fruition and that if it does, that the terms will be favorable to the Company. 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company established ResolutionRx Ltd, initially a wholly-owned subsidiary of RespireRx, as an unlisted public company
in Australia an. On February 27, 2023, ResolutionRx entered into a services agreement Australian CRO Agreement) with iNGENu CRO
Pty Ltd (iNGENu), a contract research organization CRO ), pursuant to which iNGENu is to act as a full service CRO in support
of ResolutionRx s research and development R D program, by conducting laboratory experiments to determine a
final optimum dronabinol formulation, scaling up and manufacturing the chosen formulation for clinical use, preparing and submitting
regulatory documents and designing and conducting clinical trials, including pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic, safety and pivotal efficacy
studies. In addition, on January 27, 2023 ResolutionRx entered into a letter of intent and term sheet with Radium Capital Radium for a series of debt financings secured by the Australian Research and Development Tax Incentive R DTI ), a tax credit
or rebate available for the component of R D activities that are qualified core and supporting activities. In the case of ResolutionRx,
this is anticipated to be a tax rebate, with up to, and at the discretion of ResolutionRx, to be financed by Radium and collateralized
by the rebate. The Company and ResolutionRx believe that these are two of the first steps taken in a series of anticipated transactions
that will enable the debt and equity or equity-linked financing of ResolutionRx, to support its R D efforts over the next approximately
two and half years. RespireRx is in the process of entering into a Master Services Agreement Master Services Agreement with ResolutionRx pursuant to which the Company will provide certain services to ResolutionRx for which the Company will be paid. See
Note 10. Subsequent Events for more details about ResolutionRx. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred net losses of
 and 
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and negative operating cash flows of and 
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also had a stockholders deficiency of 
at December 31, 2022 and expects to continue to incur net losses and negative operating cash flows for at least the next few years.
Additionally, the Company has, with respect to nine convertible notes outstanding, maturity amount inclusive of accrued
interest as of December 31, 2022 which have matured, but for which no notices of default have been received which must be
paid or converted. The Company will seek to have maturity dates extended in order to avoid a default on such convertible notes,
which the Company has achieved in the past, but with respect to which, the Company can provide no assurance. The Company has also
not met its payment obligations to the UWM Research Foundation UWMRF of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, but
has not received a notice of default and is in regular communication with the UWMRF regarding the establishment of a payment
schedule. As a result, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern, and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, expressed substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company is currently, and has for some time, been in significant financial distress. It has extremely limited cash resources and current
assets and has no ongoing source of sustainable revenue. Management is continuing to address various aspects of the Company s operations
and obligations, including, without limitation, debt obligations, financing requirements, intellectual property, licensing agreements,
legal and patent matters and regulatory compliance, and has taken steps to continue to raise new debt and equity capital to fund the
Company s business activities from both related and unrelated parties. 

The
Company is continuing its efforts to raise additional capital in order to be able to pay its liabilities and fund its business activities
on a going forward basis, including the pursuit of the Company s planned research and development activities. The Company regularly
evaluates various measures to satisfy the Company s liquidity needs, including development and other agreements with collaborative
partners and, when necessary, seeking to exchange or restructure the Company s outstanding securities and liabilities. The Company
is evaluating certain changes to its operations and structure to facilitate raising capital from sources that may be interested in financing
only discrete aspects of the Company s development programs and in that regard, has formed an Australian subsidiary, ResolutionRx.
See Note 10. Subsequent Events. In addition to the formation of ResolutionRx, such changes could include additional significant reorganizations,
which may include the formation of one or more additional subsidiaries into which one or more programs may be contributed. As a result
of the Company s current financial situation, the Company has limited access to external sources of debt and equity financing.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to secure additional financing in the amounts necessary to fully
fund its operating and debt service requirements. If the Company is unable to access sufficient cash resources, the Company may be forced
to discontinue its operations entirely and liquidate. 

. Every ten shares of the old 
common stock was exchanged for one new share of common stock rounded down to the nearest whole share with any fractional
shares of common stock paid to the stockholder in cash. Option and warrant issuances prior to January 5, 2021 have also been proportionately
adjusted by dividing the number of shares into which such options and warrants may exercise by ten and multiplying the exercise price
by ten. 

The
Company recognizes the value of stock-based payments in general and administrative costs and in research and development costs, as appropriate,
in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company issues new shares of common stock to satisfy stock option and
warrant exercises. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were stock option grants exercisable into shares of common stock granted to two officers and one
former officer, the two officers also being directors (one officer, who was also a director resigned effective January 31, 2022, but
still retains the options which were fully vested), one director who was not an officer, consultants and other vendors. Certain stock
options granted were subject to vesting schedules. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all stock options were fully vested and there were
 new grants of stock options during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Black-Scholes value of vested stock options granted
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was , of which were options in payment of accounts payable and the Black-Scholes
value of options granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 that vested during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 was
 . 

There
were no stock options requiring an assessment of fair value during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. For stock options requiring
an assessment of fair value during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 the fair value of each stock option award was estimated using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Expected
 dividend yield 

Expected
 volatility 

Expected
 life at date of issuance 

The
expected life for stock options requiring an assessment of fair value during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 is estimated to
be equal to the term of the common stock options issued in 2021. 

The
Company recognizes the fair value of stock-based awards in general and administrative costs and in research and development costs, as
appropriate, in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The Company issues new shares of common stock to satisfy stock
option and warrant exercises. There were stock options exercised during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warrants
exercisable into shares of Common Stock with a value of were issued and repriced due to most-favored-nation MFN provisions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 warrants exercisable into 
shared of Common Stock with a value of were issued to a placement agent. There were warrants issued as compensation or for
services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 requiring such assessment. Warrants, if issued for services, are typically issued
to placement agents or brokers for fund raising services and are not issued from any of the Company s stock and option plans, from
which options issued to non-employees for services are typically issued. 

- 

- 

Expected
 dividend yield 

Expected
 volatility 

- 

- 

Expected
 life at date of issuance 

t have any unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters
and does not anticipate any material amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal income taxes and income taxes of various state tax jurisdictions. As the Company s net operating
losses have yet to be utilized, all previous tax years remain open to examination by Federal authorities and other jurisdictions in which
the Company currently operates or has operated in the past. 

The
Company accounts for uncertainties in income tax law under a comprehensive model for the financial statement recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns as prescribed by GAAP. The
tax effects of a position are recognized only if it is more-likely-than-not to be sustained by the taxing authority as
of the reporting date. If the tax position is not considered more-likely-than-not to be sustained, then no benefits of
the position are recognized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not recorded any liability for uncertain tax positions. In subsequent
periods, any interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions will be recognized as a component of income tax expense. 

and , respectively. The deemed dividend is added to the net loss in determining the net loss available to
common stockholders. 

Loss
per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable of common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding during the respective periods. Basic and diluted loss per common share is the same for all periods presented because
all warrants and stock options outstanding are anti-dilutive. 

Convertible
 notes payable 

Common
 stock warrants 

Common
 stock options 

Total 

1 

November
 5, 2014 
 1 

November
 5, 2014 
 1 

Sub-total 

December
 31, 2018 
 2 

January
 2, 2019 
 2 

Sub-total 

May
 17, 2019 
 3 

July
 28, 2020 
 3 

February
 17, 2021 
 3 

April
 1, 2021 
 3 

- 

May
 3, 2021 
 3 

- 
 
 - 
 
 May
 10, 2021 
 3 

June
 30, 2021 
 3 

- 

August
 31, 2021 
 3 

- 

October
 7, 2021 
 3 

- 

December
 23, 2021 
 3 

April
 14, 2022 
 3 

- 

August
 22, 2022 
 3 

- 

August
 22, 2022 
 3 

- 

August
 22, 2022 
 3 

- 

Sub-total 

Total 

1 per annum and in
 the case of the one note for which a notice of default has been received, . The Original Convertible Notes have no reset rights
 or other protections based on subsequent equity transactions, equity-linked transactions or other events and are convertible into an
 aggregate of shares of Common Stock. As of December 31, 2022, principal and accrued interest on the Original Convertible Note
 that is subject to a default notice totaled , of which was accrued interest. 

2 of maturity amount with accrued interest
 of as of December 31, 2022. The number of shares of common stock (or preferred stock) into which these notes may convert is
 not determinable. 

3 
 per share of Common Stock. Ten matured prior to December 31, 2022 and four have or will expire between April 14, 2023 and May 31,
 2023.The Company has initiated discussions with all note holders regarding maturity date extensions. The Company has not received
 any notices of default with respect to these notes. These notes contain, among other provisions, most favored nation provisions,
 reserve requirements and default interest rates. 

Note
Payable to SY Corporation Co., Ltd. 

On
June 25, 2012, the Company borrowed Won (the currency of South Korea, equivalent to approximately United States
Dollars as of that date) from and executed a secured note payable to SY Corporation Co., Ltd., SY Corporation ). The note
accrues simple interest at the rate of per annum and had a maturity date of . The Company has not made any payments
on the promissory note. At September 30, 2013 and subsequently, the promissory note was outstanding and in default, although SY Corporation
has not issued a notice of default or a demand for repayment. Management believes that SY Corporation is in default of its obligations
under its January 2012 license agreement, as amended, with the Company, but the Company has not yet issued a notice of default. The Company
has in the past made several efforts towards a comprehensive resolution of the aforementioned matters involving SY Corporation. During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were no further communications between the Company and SY Corporation. 

The
promissory note is secured by collateral that represents a lien on certain patents owned by the Company, including composition of matter
patents for certain of the Company s high impact ampakine compounds and the low impact ampakine compounds CX2007 and CX2076, and
other related compounds. The security interest does not extend to the Company s patents for its ampakine compounds CX1739 
and CX1942, or to the patent for the use of ampakine compounds for the treatment of respiratory depression. 

Accrued
 interest payable 

Foreign
 currency transaction adjustment 

Total
 note payable 

Interest
expense with respect to this promissory note was for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Advances
from and Notes Payable to Officers 

Between
January 19, 2016 and April 9, 2018, Dr. Arnold S. Lippa, the Company s Interim President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors advanced to the Company for working capital purposes under
three demand promissory notes with interest at and collateralized by the Company s assets, of which was convertible
under certain circumstances. Although such conditions were not met, Dr. Lippa converted into a Board approved offering, the principal
amount of one such note on September 12, 2018, but did not convert any interest. Accordingly, total principal and interest as of December
31, 2022, was , of which was accrued interest. 

Between
January 19, 2016 and April 9, 2018, Dr. James S. Manuso, the Company s then President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman
of the Board of Directors advanced to the Company for working capital purposes under three demand promissory notes with interest
at and collateralized by the Company s assets, of which was convertible under certain circumstances. The conditions
for conversion were not met and Dr. Manuso did not convert his convertible note. Accordingly, total principal and interest as of December
31, 2022 was , of which was accrued interest. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Dr. Lippa advanced on an interest free basis the Company . The outstanding balance of the advances
as of December 31, 2022 of is payable on demand. 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was charged to interest expense with respect to Dr. Lippa s
notes, respectively. 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and was charged to interest expense with respect to Dr. James S. Manuso s
notes, respectively. 

As
of September 30, 2018, Dr. James S. Manuso resigned his executive officer positions and as a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company. All of the interest expense noted above for 2022 and 2021 was incurred while Dr. Manuso was no longer an officer. 

Other
Short-Term Notes Payable 

Other
short-term notes payable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of premium financing agreements with respect to various
insurance policies. At December 31, 2022, a premium financing agreement was payable with respect to directors and officers 
liability insurance in the initial amount of (after payment of a deposit of ), with interest at per annum, in nine
monthly installments of . In addition, there is of premium financing payable with respect to office and other insurances,
as of December 31, 2022 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate amount of the short-term notes payable was and respectively. 

payments by the Company to UIL are eliminated and
the unpaid amount of for calendar years 2021 and 2022 are no longer due and payable. Among other changes, the payment
that was due after the dosing of the 1 st patient in a Phase II study anywhere in the world is now reduced to and UIL
has been given an extension in the term of the License and a deferred compensation obligation of RespireRx including the royalty on
net sales due to UIL has been extended for up to 8 years after the original patent rights expire by including a royalty on the net sales
protected by a patent application submitted by the Company describing a new formulation of dronabinol. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies-Significant
Agreements and Contracts-University of Illinois Exclusive License Agreement for more details. 

Effective
August 1, 2022, the Company and the Company s former legal counsel, entered into a payment settlement agreement and release
pursuant to which the Company and its former legal counsel agreed that the Company owed 
to such counsel and that under the terms of the agreement the amount owed and payable by wire transfer on or before December 30,
2022 shall be .
If that amount is paid on or before December 30, 2022, certain mutual releases would become effective and no further amounts would
be due. If the 
amount was not paid by December 30, 2022, the section of the agreement related to mutual releases would be null and void ab initio
and the amount immediately due and payable by the Company to its former counsel would be adjusted to 
less any amounts paid on or after the date of the agreement. The amount due by Decemb er 30, 2022 was not paid and the payment
settlement agreement was amended to call for a payment of 
by February 15, 2023, which amount was also not paid. The Company and its former legal counsel are in discussions regarding further
revised payment settlement terms. The amount due to the Company and its former legal counsel included in accounts payable as of
December 31, 2022 is . 

Effective
January 31, 2022, the Company and the Company s former President and Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors,
Timothy Jones, resigned his officer positions as well as from the Board of Directors pursuant to an Employment Agreement Termination
and Separation Agreement SA dated February 8, 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the SA, the Company has agreed to pay Mr.
Jones up to a maximum of in accordance with a schedule set forth in the SA based on amounts of funding raised by the Company,
all in payment for Mr. Jones service to the Company as President and Chief Executive Officer prior to January 31, 2022. Mr. Jones
did not resign because of any disagreement with the Company relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

On
April 29, 2021, RespireRx agreed to a payment and settlement agreement with the University of California Innovation and Entrepreneurship UIC with respect to accounts payable in an amount that was not in dispute and is reflected in accounts payable and accrued
expenses in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. The total amount due is .
The agreed payment schedule is for the Company to pay on each of July 1, 2021, September 1, 2021, November 1, 2021, January 1,
2022 and March 31, 2022. If RespireRx paid an aggregate of on or before March 31, 2022, the amounts would have been considered
paid in full with no further amounts due. RespireRx has not made any payments after the September, 2021 payment. According to the terms
of the agreement, if an aggregate of was not paid by March 31, 2022, the remaining unpaid amount up to an aggregate of the original
amount of would be due and payable. Payment was not made and the original amount of was been recorded in accounts payable
at December 31, 2022. The Company remains in discussions with an agent on behalf of UIC to establish a new payment settlement schedule. 

On
February 21, 2020, Sharp Clinical Services, Inc. Sharp ), a vendor of the Company, filed a complaint against the
Company in the Superior Court of New Jersey Law Division, Bergen County related to a December 16, 2019 demand for payment of past
due invoices inclusive of late fees totaling .
On May 29, 2020, a default was entered against the Company, and on September 4, 2020, a final judgment was entered against the
Company in the amount of .
On March 3, 2021, we executed a settlement agreement with Sharp (the Sharp Settlement Agreement ), and on March 9,
2021, Sharp requested of the Bergen (NJ) County Sheriff, the return of the Writ of Execution which resulted in a release of the lien
in favor of Sharp. The Sharp Settlement Agreement calls for a payment schedule of ten 
payments due on April 1, 2021 and every other month thereafter, and permitted early settlement at 
if the Company had paid Sharp that lower total by August 1, 2021. The Company did not pay Sharp that lower amount by that date. The
Company has recorded a liability to Sharp of 
as of December 31, 2022 after payments totaling 
pursuant to the Sharp Settlement Agreement. The Company has not made the any of the payments due on or after October 1, 2021. On
March 3, 2022, Company s then counsel received a default notice from counsel to Sharp with respect to the Sharp Settlement
Agreement, which stated that Sharp may exercise its remedies. Company s then counsel communicated with counsel to Sharp. On
March 28, 2022, one of the Company s bank accounts was debited for the benefit of Sharp 
inclusive of fees about which the Company is seeking additional information but which the management believes indicates that either
a new Writ of Execution was established or the original writ was re-established. 

By
letter dated February 5, 2016, the Company received a demand from a law firm representing Salamandra, LLC Salamandra alleging an amount due and owing for unpaid services rendered. On January 18, 2017, following an arbitration proceeding, an arbitrator
awarded Salamandra the full amount sought in arbitration of . Additionally, the arbitrator granted Salamandra attorneys 
fees and costs of . All such amounts have been accrued as of December 31, 2022, including accrued interest at annually from
February 26, 2018, the date of the judgment, through December 31, 2022, totaling . The Company had previously entered into a settlement
agreement with Salamandra that is no longer in effect. The Company has approached Salamandra seeking to negotiate a new settlement agreement.
A lien with respect to the amounts owed is in effect. 

On
February 23, 2021 our bank received two New Jersey Superior Court Levies totaling related to amounts owed to two vendors (Sharp
and Salamandra as defined above) which amounts were not in dispute, debited our accounts and restricted access to those accounts. Our
accounts were debited for on February 23, 2021 which represented all of the cash in our accounts on that date. 

On
September 14, 2021, the Company and DNA Healthlink, Inc. DNA Healthlink entered into a settlement agreement (the
 DNA Healthlink Settlement Agreement regarding in unpaid accounts payable owed by the Company to DNA Healthlink
(the DNA Healthlink Settlement Amount for services provided by DNA Healthlink to the Company pursuant to an agreement
by and between the Company and DNA Healthlink dated October 15, 2014. Under the terms of the DNA Healthlink Settlement Agreement, the
Company is obligated to pay to DNA Healthlink the full DNA Healthlink Settlement Amount as follows: twelve monthly payments of 
commenced on November 15, 2021, followed by twelve monthly payments of which commenced on November 15, 2022, followed by twelve
monthly payments of commencing on November 15, 2023, followed by one final payment of on November 15, 2024. If, prior
to March 14, 2023, the Company had received one or more upfront license fee payments or any other similar fee or fees from one or more
strategic partners that aggregate at least fifteen million dollars ( Upfront Fees ), then the full
DNA Healthlink Settlement Amount, less any amounts previously paid, would have been accelerated and become due and payable in full within
ninety (90) days of receipt of any Upfront Fees. As a result of the DNA Healthlink Settlement Agreement, the Company recorded a gain
with respect to vendor settlements of during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The Company made payments of in
November 2021 and December 2021, but has not made payments thereafter. Of the total amount due, has been reflected
as long term liabilities and the remaining amount has been relected in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Company s Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

An
annual obligation payable to the University of Illinois of that was originally due on December 31, 2021 pursuant to the 2014
License Agreement was extended to April 30, 2022 and was not timely paid by the extended due date. Effective as of December 15, 2022,
the Company and the Board of Trustees of the University of Illlinois entered into the Second Amendment to RespireRx-University of Illinois
Exclusive License Agreement pursuant to which, among other matters, eliminated the obligation that was due on December 31, 2021
and thereafter. See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies-Significant Agreements and Contracts-University of Illinois 2014 Exclusive
License Agreement for more details. 

By
email dated July 21, 2016, the Company received a demand from an investment banking consulting firm that represented the Company in 2012
in conjunction with the Pier transaction alleging that is due and payable for investment banking services rendered. Such amount
has been included in accrued expenses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

The
Company is periodically the subject of various pending and threatened legal actions and claims. In the opinion of management of the Company,
adequate provision has been made in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 with respect
to such matters, including, specifically, the matters noted above. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself if any of the matters
described above results in the filing of a lawsuit or formal claim. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 shares were designated as 9 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock; shares were designated as Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (non-voting, Series B Preferred Stock shares were designated as Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock; shares were designated as Series G 1.5 Convertible Preferred Stock. On July 13, 2020, RespireRx designated 
shares of Series H, Voting, Non-participating, Convertible Preferred Stock Series H Preferred Stock and on September
30, 2020 RespireRx amended the Certificate of Designation of the Series H Preferred Stock to increase the number of shares of Series
H Preferred Stock to shares. On July 13, 2020 and September 30, 2020, RespireRx issued an aggregate of shares of
Series H Preferred Stock inclusive of 2 accrued dividends, all of which converted on September 30, 2020 into shares of Common
Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, and therefore as of that time on September 30, 2020 and thereafter
through December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series H Preferred Stock outstanding. Under the Certificate of Designation of the
Series H Preferred Stock, shares of Series H Preferred Stock converted or redeemed by conversion are to be canceled and are not to be
reissued. Therefore, as of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Series H Preferred Stock available for issuance. 

Series
B Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of shares issued in a May 1991 private placement. The
shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible into share of common stock. RespireRx may redeem the Series B Preferred Stock for
 at any time upon 30 days prior notice. 

Although
other series of preferred stock have been designated, no other shares of preferred stock are outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, shares of preferred stock were undesignated and may be issued with such rights and powers as the Board of
Directors may designate. 

Common
Stock 

There
are shares of the Company s Common Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022. After reserving for conversions of convertible
debt as well as common stock purchase options and warrants exercises before accounting for incremental contract excess reserves, there
were shares of the Company s Common Stock available for future issuances as of December 31, 2022. The conversion of of convertible notes and of of costs associated with such conversions resulted in the
issuance of shares of Common Stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The cashless exercise of warrants
resulted in the issuance of shares of Common Stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

On
June 28, 2021, RespireRx exchanged a warrant originally issued on July 30, 2020 in connection with a prior convertible note, that was
exercisable into shares of Common Stock for a warrant exercisable into shares of Common Stock. On June 30, 2021, RespireRx
exchanged warrants originally issued on July 2, 2020 in connection with a prior convertible note for new warrants. In
both cases, along with the reduction in the number of warrants, the exercise price of such warrants was reduced from to per
share of Common Stock. In connection with these exchanges, RespireRx recorded a gain of during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. The warrant holders were granted a cashless exercise right that they did not previously have. In fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, the Company adjusted these warrants both in number and exercise price due to most favored nation provisions in certain convertible
notes to a total of shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants at an exercise price of . 

As
a result of the issuance of new convertible notes during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the existence of most favored nations
provisions that were activated upon the issuance of these notes and including prior warrant issuances, there were warrants outstanding
that are exericisable into shares of Common Stock with a weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average life of
 years. 

Issued 

Expired 

- 
 
 Exchanged 
 ) 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Warrants
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

Based
on a fair value of per share on December 31, 2022, there were warrants exercisable into shares of Common Stock warrants
that were in-the-money. 

Issued 

Expired 

- 
 
 Exchanged 

- 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Warrants
 outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Stock
Options 

On
March 18, 2014, RespireRx adopted its 2014 Equity, Equity-Linked and Equity Derivative Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ).
The Plan permits the grant of options and restricted stock with respect to up to shares of common stock, in addition to stock
appreciation rights and phantom stock, to directors, officers, employees, consultants and other service providers of the Company. As
of December 31, 2022, there are shares available in the 2014 Plan. 

On
June 30, 2015, the Board of Directors adopted the 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan (as amended, the 2015 Plan ). On July
29, 2021, the Company amended the 2015 Plan to increase the number of shares by an additional to shares. As of December
31, 2022, there are shares available in the 2015 Plan. 

The
Company has not and does not intend to present the 2015 Plan to stockholders for approval. 

Information
with respect to the Black-Scholes variables used in connection with the evaluation of the fair value of stock-based compensation costs
and fees is provided at Note 3. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were shares of Common Stock previously issuable upon exercise of options that
expired unexercised that were added back to the number of shares available in the 2015 Plan. 

There
were 
stock grants and there were stock option grants for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Information
with respect to the Black-Scholes variables used in connection with the evaluation of the fair value of stock-based compensation costs
and fees is provided at Note 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Granted 
 - 

Expired 

- 
 
 Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Based
on a fair value of per share on December 31, 2022, there were there were exercisable in-the-money common stock options as
of December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Expired 

- 
 
 Options
 outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

Based
on a fair value of per share on December 31, 2021, there were exercisable in-the-money common stock options as of December
31, 2021. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock-based compensation costs and fees included in the consolidated statements of operations
consisted of general and administrative expenses of and respectively, and research and development expenses of and ,
respectively. 

Reserved
and Unreserved Shares of Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, there are shares of common stock authorized, of which are issued and outstanding. As
of December 31, 2022, there are outstanding options to purchase shares of common stock and and shares available
for issuance under the 2014 Plan and 2015 Plan, respectively. There are 649 Pier contingent shares of common stock that may be issued
under certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2022, there are shares issuable upon conversion of convertible notes. As of
December 31, 2022, there are shares that may be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the
Series B Preferred Stock may convert into share of common stock. Therefore, the Company is reserving shares of common
stock for future issuances with respect to conversions and exercises as well as for the Pier contingent shares. In addition, certain
convertible notes and related warrants impose an additional contractual reserve requirement, above the number of shares into which such
convertible notes and related warrants may convert or exercise respectively. 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 

Stock
 options issued in connection with the payment of debt 
 - 

Net
 operating loss carryforwards 

Accrued
 compensation 

Accrued
 interest due to related party and others 

Total
 deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

In
assessing the potential realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the Company attaining
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, management
was unable to determine that it was more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax assets will be realized, and has therefore
recorded an appropriate valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at such dates. 

No
federal tax provision has been provided for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the losses incurred during such periods.
Reconciled below is the difference between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective
tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Adjustment
 to deferred tax asset 

Effective
 tax rate 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 
 and ,
respectively. The state tax net operating loss carryforward consists of 
 for California purposes and 
 for New Jersey purposes. The federal net operating
loss carryforwards will . State
net operating losses for California
and for New Jersey. The Company also had federal
and California research and development tax credit carryforwards. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards will
 . The
California research and development tax credit carryforward does not expire and will carryforward indefinitely until utilized. 

While
the Company has not performed a formal analysis of the availability of its net operating loss carryforwards under Internal Revenue Code
Sections 382 and 383, management expects that the Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards will be limited
in future periods. 

per hour, through his consulting firm, DNA Healthlink, Inc. See Note 5. Payment
and Settlement Agreements for a description of the current payment terms. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Mr. Purcell
did not provide any services to the Company. 

The
Company entered into a consulting contract with David Dickason effective September 15, 2020 pursuant to which Mr. Dickason was appointed
to and serves as the Company s Senior Vice President of Pre-Clinical Product Development on an at-will basis at the rate of 
per hour. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 Mr. Dickason did not provide any services to the Company. 

Employment
Agreements 

Effective
on May 6, 2020, Timothy Jones was appointed as RespireRx s President and Chief Executive Officer and entered into an employment
agreement as of that date. Effective January 31 2022, Mr. Jones resigned as RespireRx s President and Chief Executive Officer as
well as a member of RespireRx s Board of Directors pursuant to an Employment Agreement Termination and Separation Agreement dated
February 8, 2022. See Note 5. Payment and Settlement Agreements. 

Effective
January 31, 2022, Dr. Lippa was appointed as RespireRx s Interim President and Interim Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Lippa continues
to serve as RespireRx s Executive Chairman and as a member of the Board of Directors as well as the Company s Chief Scientific
Officer. 

Jeff
E. Margolis currently serves as the Company s Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Margolis
also serves on the Company s Board of Directors. 

Summary
of Current Cash Commitments in Employee Agreements 

Contract
 year ending 

September
 30, 2023 

Nine
 months 

Base 

Salary 
 Benefits 
 Total 

Arnold
 S. Lippa 

Jeff
 E. Margolis 

Under
certain circumstances base salaries may be contractually increased or the executives may become eligible for additional benefits and
base salaries may be increased at the discretion of the Board of Directors. All executives are eligible for stock and stock option and
similar grants at the discretion of the Board or Directors. 

The
payment of certain amounts reflected in the table above have been voluntarily deferred indefinitely and payments against accrued compensation
may be made based upon the Company s ability to make such payments. 

UWMRF
Patent License Agreement 

On
August 1, 2020, RespireRx exercised its option pursuant to its option agreement dated March 2, 2020, between RespireRx and UWM Research
Foundation, an affiliate of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWMRF ). Upon exercise, RespireRx and UWMRF executed
the UWMRF Patent License Agreement effective August 1, 2020 pursuant to which RespireRx licensed the identified intellectual property. 

Under
the UWMRF Patent License Agreement, the Company has an exclusive license to commercialize GABAkine products based on UWMRF s rights
in certain patents and patent applications, and a non-exclusive license to commercialize products based on UWMRF s rights in certain
technology that is not the subject of the patents or patent applications. UWMRF maintains the right to use, and, upon the approval of
the Company, to license, these patent and technology rights for any non-commercial purpose, including research and education. The UWMRF
Patent License Agreement expires upon the later of the expiration of the Company s payment obligations to UWMRF or the expiration
of the last remaining licensed patent granted thereunder, subject to early termination upon the occurrence of certain events. The License
Agreement also contains a standard indemnification provision in favor of UWMRF and confidentiality provisions obligating both parties. 

Under
the UWMRF Patent License Agreement, in consideration for the licenses granted, the Company will pay to UWMRF the following: (i) patent
filing and prosecution costs incurred by UWMRF prior to the effective date, paid in yearly installments over three years from the Effective
Date; (ii) annual maintenance fees, beginning on the second anniversary of the Effective Date, which annual maintenance fees terminate
upon the Company s payment of royalties pursuant to clause (iv) below; (iii) milestone payments, paid upon the occurrence of certain
dosing events of patients during clinical trials and certain approvals by the FDA; and (iv) royalties on net sales of products developed
with the licenses, subject to minimum annual payments and to royalty rate adjustments based on whether separate royalty payments by the
Company yield an aggregate rate beyond a stated threshold. The Company will pay to UWMRF certain percentages of
revenues generated from sublicenses of the licenses provided under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement by the Company to third parties. 

Certain
payments under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement have not been paid by the Company. The Company is in regular discussions with UWMRF
regarding when the Company may be able to commence making payments. The Company has not received a notification of default either during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or in any subsequent periods. All amounts due under the UWMRF Patent License Agreement are reflected
in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

University
of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Outreach Services Agreement 

On
July 12, 2021, the Company and the Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System on behalf of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee UWM entered into an Outreach Services Agreement pursuant to which UWM agreed to provide, among other molecules, multiple
milligram to gram quantities of KRM-II-81 (GABAkine) and the Company agreed to pay UWM an annual sum of payable in three installments
of each beginning October 12, 2021, which amount was timely paid, and on a quarterly basis thereafter. The payments that were
due on January 12, 2022 and April 12, 2022 have not yet been paid. The agreement terminated on . Amounts due on January
12, 2022 and April 12, 2022 are recorded in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022. 

University
of Illinois 2014 Exclusive License Agreement 

On
June 27, 2014, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the 2014 License Agreement with the University
of Illinois, the material terms of which were similar to a License Agreement between the parties that had been previously terminated
on March 21, 2013. The 2014 License Agreement became effective on September 18, 2014, upon the completion of certain conditions set forth
in the 2014 License Agreement, including: (i) the payment by the Company of a licensing fee, (ii) the payment by the Company
of outstanding patent costs aggregating , and (iii) the assignment to the University of Illinois of rights the Company held in
certain patent applications, all of which conditions were fulfilled. The 2014 License Agreement was amended on July 25, 2017 and effective
December 15, 2022, the first amendment was to extend certain timeframes and the second amendment represented an extensive set of modifications 2 nd Amendment ). 

The
2014 License Agreement granted the Company (i) exclusive rights to several issued and pending patents in numerous jurisdictions and (ii)
the non-exclusive right to certain technical information that is generated by the University of Illinois in connection with certain clinical
trials as specified in the 2014 License Agreement, all of which relate to the use of cannabinoids for the treatment of sleep related
breathing disorders. The Company is developing dronabinol 9-tetrahydrocannabinol), a cannabinoid, for the treatment of OSA, the
most common form of sleep apnea. 

Among
other things, the 2 nd Amendment redefined the term Product primarily to include in the definition, any product
or process that would be enforceable under the licensed patent rights after the patent rights have expired. In addition, new definitions
were added for Deferred Compensation Annual Net Sales Payments and Deferred Compensation Minimum Payment(s), 
both of which only become due and payable after the expiration of the patent rights and shall not be due and payable while any of the
patent rights have not yet expired. These deferred compensation arrangements were in consideration for deferment of certain financial
obligations. The deferred payments are due for eight years from the first commercial of a regulatory approved product but after the patent
rights have expired. The 2 nd Amendment also modified the term to the period of time from the effective date until the later
of the date: (a) of the last to lapse, expire or terminate of the patent rights or (b) when the licensee (the Company) provides notice
of that the use of technical information as defined in the 2014 License Agreement as amended has ceased or (c) of the expiration of the
last form of market exclusivity or (d) of the last date in which the Licensee (the Company) owes payments to the University. The 2 nd
 Amendment amended and clarified Schedule 2 to the 2014 License Agreement, as amended by among other things, by (i) including a
 royalty on Net Sales by the Licensee or sublicensee as Deferred Compensation Annual License Payments 

The
2014 License Agreement provides for various commercialization and reporting requirements commencing on June 30, 2015. In addition, the
2014 License Agreement provides for various royalty payments, including a royalty on net sales of , payment on sub-licensee revenues
of , and a minimum annual royalty beginning in 2015 of , which is due and payable on December 31 of each year beginning
on December 31, 2015. The minimum annual royalty obligation of due on December 31, 2021, was extended to and then
further extended to an indefinite future date while discussions to amend the obligation are taking place. The minimum annual royalty
obligation due on December 31, 2021 has not yet been paid. What was the annual minimum that existed from inception through December
31, 2020 was eliminated and therefore the amounts previously recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses, were reduced to . The
annual minimum amount due the first year with a market approval from the US FDA (United States Food and Drug Administration) or a foreign
equivalent and every year thereafter until the first commercial sale of a product of replaced two similarly timed payments of
 and . The first year with a commercial sale of a product and every year thereafter is now whereas it was previously
 after the first year of commercial sale. One time milestone payments have been changed to read as follows: 

(i) 
 due within 5 days after dosing of the first patient with a product in a Phase II human clinical
 study anywhere in the world. 

(ii) 
 due within 5 days after dosing of the first patient with a product in a Phase III human clinical
 study anywhere in the world. 
 
 (iii) 
 due within 5 days after the earlier date of the following (a) enrolling 80 of the patients
 with a product in the Phase III human clinical study anywhere in the world, (b) one year
 after the initiation of the Phase III human clinical study anywhere in the world, or (c)
 termination of the Phase III human clinical study anywhere in the world. 
 
 (iv) 
 due within 5 days after the first NDA (New Drug Application) filed with the US FDA or any
 other foreign equivalent regulatory agency for a product anywhere in the world. 
 
 (v) 
 due within twelve (12) months after the first commercial sale of a product anywhere in the
 world. 

There
are reporting requirements by the Licensee to the University. 

Royalty
stacking provisions remained unchanged in the 2 nd Amendment. 

The
concept of reduced royalties upon expiration of the patent rights, but while technical information was being used, was eliminated with
the 2 nd Amendment. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded charges to operations of 
 and ,
respectively representing the annual minimum royalty, which is included in research and development expenses in the Company s consolidated
statement of operations. The 
 from the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021
was reversed as a result of the effectiveness of the 2 nd Amendment as of December 15, 2022 and the estimate for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

Noramco
Inc. - Dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement 

On
September 4, 2018, RespireRx entered into a dronabinol Development and Supply Agreement with Noramco Inc., one of the world s major
dronabinol manufacturers, which Noramco subsequently assigned to its subsidiary, Purisys LLC (the Purisys Agreement ). Under
the terms of the Purisys Agreement, Purisys agreed to (i) provide all of the active pharmaceutical ingredient API estimated
to be needed for the clinical development process for both the first- and second-generation products (each a Product and
collectively, the Products ), three validation batches for New Drug Application NDA filing(s) and adequate
supply for the initial inventory stocking for the wholesale and retail channels, subject to certain limitations, (ii) maintain or file
valid drug master files DMFs with the FDA or any other regulatory authority and provide the Company with access or a
right of reference letter entitling the Company to make continuing reference to the DMFs during the term of the agreement in connection
with any regulatory filings made with the FDA by the Company, (iii) participate on a development committee, and (iv) make available its
regulatory consultants, collaborate with any regulatory consulting firms engaged by the Company and participate in all FDA or Drug Enforcement
Agency DEA meetings as appropriate and as related to the API. We now refer to the second-generation product as our proprietary
formulation or proprietary product and have de-emphasized the first-generation product. 

In
consideration for these supplies and services, the Company has agreed to purchase exclusively from Noramco during the commercialization
phase all API for its Products as defined in the Development and Supply Agreement at a pre-determined price subject to certain producer
price adjustments and agreed to Noramco s participation in the economic success of the commercialized Product or Products up to
the earlier of the achievement of a maximum dollar amount or the expiration of a period of time. 

There
was no activity during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 with respect to the Purisys Agreement. 

University
of California Irvine 

On
April 29, 2021, RespireRx agreed to a payment settlement arrangement with the University of California Innovation and Entrepreneurship
affiliated with the Regents of the University of California on behalf of its Irvine Campus Irvine ), pursuant to which
the Company and Irvine agreed that the total amount due to Irvine by RespireRx was and that Irvine would accept 
as settlement in full if funds were received from RespireRx as follows: on each of July 1, 2021, September 1, 2021, November
1, 2021, January 1, 2022, March 1, 2022 and on or before March 31, 2022. Failure to meet those terms would render the agreement
null and void. The payment terms were not met. All amounts owed of approximately after payments totaling have been recorded
on the Company s balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Transactions
with Bausch Health Companies Inc. (formerly known as Biovail Laboratories International SRL) 

Beginning
in March 2010, the Company entered into a series of asset purchase and license agreements with Biovail Laboratories International SRL
which later merged with Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. which was later renamed Bausch Health Companies Inc. Bausch ). 

In
March 2011, the Company entered into a new agreement with Bausch to reacquire the ampakine compounds, patents and rights that Bausch
had acquired from the Company in March 2010. The new agreement provided for potential future payments of up to by the Company
based upon the achievement of certain developments, including new drug application submissions and approval milestones pertaining to
an intravenous dosage form of the ampakine compounds for respiratory depression, a therapeutic area not currently pursued by the Company.
Bausch is also eligible to receive additional payments of up to from the Company based upon the Company s net sales
of an intravenous dosage form of the compounds for respiratory depression. 

At
any time following the completion of Phase 1 clinical studies and prior to the end of Phase 2A clinical studies, Bausch retains an option
to co-develop and co-market intravenous dosage forms of an ampakine compound as a treatment for respiratory depression and vaso-occlusive
crises associated with sickle cell disease. In such an event, the Company would be reimbursed for certain development expenses to date
and Bausch would share in all such future development costs with the Company. If Bausch makes the co-marketing election, the Company
would owe no further milestone payments to Bausch and the Company would be eligible to receive a royalty on net sales of the compound
by Bausch or its affiliates and licensees. 

There
was no activity during tshe fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 that affect the Bausch agreement. 

Summary
of Principal Cash Obligations and Commitments 

The
following table sets forth the Company s principal cash obligations and commitments for the next five fiscal years as of December
31, 2022, aggregating Employment agreement amounts included in the 2023 column represent amounts contractually due from January
1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 when such contracts expire unless extended pursuant to the terms of the contracts. 

Employment
 agreements (1) 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

(1) 

Redeemable Preferred Stock Series I Preferred Stock is (which is not
subject to increase without the written consent of a majority of the holders (each a Series I Holder of the Series I Preferred
Stock or as otherwise set forth in the Certificate of Designation). The Series I Preferred Stock Par Value is and the Series I
Preferred Stock Stated Value is . The dividend rate is per annum based on a 365 day year, payable in-kind. 

Redemption
shall happen upon the payment of a Series I Eligible Payment which takes place upon the occurrence of an Eligible Payment
Event, as both terms are defined in the Certificate. The Series I Eligible Payment is calculated as the Series I Maximum Appreciated
Price, which is , subject to certain adjustments (unless a lesser price is agreed by the Corporation and the Series I Holder) Certain Fundamental Transactions as defined in the Series I Certificate of Designation may be Series
I Eligible Payment Events. 

For
a detailed description the Series Certificate of Designation and the Series I Preferred Stock to be issued, please refer to our Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023, including but not limited to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report of Form 8-K. 

On
April 12, 2023, the Company filed the Series J Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the state of Delaware. 

The
Series J Certificate of Designation sets forth the preferences, rights and limitations of the Series J Preferred Stock, a summary of
which is as follows: 

The
number of shares designated as Series J Redeemable Preferred Stock Series J Preferred Stock is (which is not
subject to increase without the written consent of a majority of the holders (each a Series J Holder of the Series J Preferred
Stock or as otherwise set forth in the Series J Certificate of Designation). The Series J Preferred Stock Par Value is and the
Series J Preferred Stock Stated Value is . The dividend rate is per annum based on a 365 day year, payable in-kind. 

Redemption
shall happen upon the payment of an Series J Eligible Payment which takes place upon the occurrence of a Series J Eligible
Payment Event, as both terms are defined in the Series J Certificate. The Series J Eligible Payment is calculated as the Maximum Appreciated
Price, which is closing price per share of Common Stock or its equivalent on the day that is the trading day on which an Series J Eligible
Payment Event is publicly announced prior to the opening of financial markets, or the trading day following the public announcement of
the Series J Eligible Payment Event if announced after the opening of the financial markets on the date of the Series J Eligible Payment
Event (unless a lesser price is agreed by the Company and the Series I Holder) Certain Fundamental Transactions as defined in the Series J Certificate of Designation may be Series J Eligible
Payment Events. 

Each
share of Series J Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes, which shall be eligible to vote along with the Common Stockholders,
or, as the case may be, when voting as a class, that is equal to one hundred (100x) times number calculated by dividing the number of
shares of Series J Preferred Stock by the Base Measurement Price as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there
is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, no distribution shall be made to the holders of any shares of capital stock
of the Company unless, prior thereto, the Series J Holders receive (i) an amount equal to 100 of the stated value, plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends plus (ii) an amount equal to a pro rata portion of the Series J Eligible Payment Amount less the Series J Preferred
Stock Stated Value paid pursuant to (i) above, plus (iii) the pro rata amount when considered with all outstanding shares of Common Stock
and any securities that may be convertible into, exercisable for or exchanged for Common Stock that have similar rites, of any remaining
distribution. The distribution shall result in a Redemption. If the assets of the Company are insufficient to pay in full such amounts
due the Series J Holders or any holders of another class that is parri pasu with the Series J Holders Series J Pari Passu Holders ),
then the entire assets shall be distributed ratably among the Series J Holders and Series J Pari Passu Holders in accordance with the
respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full and such distribution shall
result in a Redemption. A Fundamental Transaction, or a Change of Control Transaction, each as defined in the Certificate, shall be deemed
to be Liquidations. 

On
April 12, 2023, RespireRx entered into an exchange agreement and two exchange and settlement agreements with two executive officrs and
one vendor collectively, the Series J Settlement Agreements and the executive officers and vendor are referred to herein
as the Series J Exchangers. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Settlement Agreements, the Company, in exchange for the issuance of Series J Preferred Stock to the Exchangers, the
Exchangers exchanged or settled their rights to receive an aggregate of of accrued compensation or debt, advances or other liabilities
owed to them. The Series J Preferred Stock is transferrable to Affiliates as such term is defined in the Series J Certificate of Designation.
The two executives immediately transferred all of their shares of Series J Preferred Stock to separate trusts of which each is separately
the grantor and that are Affiliates of each. The vendor immediately transferred its shares to an individual Affiliate of the vendor.. 

The
Settlement Agreements, the transfer requests and the Series J Certificate of Designation and the delivery of the Series J Preferred Stock
was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. 

For
a detailed description the Series J Certificate of Designation, the Series J Preferred Stock, the Settlement Agreements and the transfer
letter agreements, please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023, including but not limited to
Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 99.1 through 99.6 to the Current Report of Form 8-K. 

Cashless
Warrant Exercises 

February
 2, 2023 

March
 6, 2023 

Total 

Advance
from Officer 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Arnold Lippa made advances to the Company of which advances are due on demand.
The proceeds of these advances were to make payments to the Company s auditors, patent counsel, other patent related costs and payments
due with respect to an insurance premium that had been financed. 

F- 34 

RespireRx
Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

 Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

 Exhibit
Index 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 10, 2012, by and among Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Pier Acquisition Corp. and Pier Pharmaceuticals,
 Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2012 (File no.
 001-16467). 

3.1 
 
 Second
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 19, 2010, incorporated by reference to the same numbered Exhibit to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 24, 2010 (File no. 001-16467). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of the (Second Restated) Certificate of Incorporation of Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 18, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

3.3 
 
 Second
 Certificate of Amendment of the (Second Restated) Certificate of Incorporation of Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

3.4 
 
 Third
 Certificate of Amendment of the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

3.5 
 
 Fourth
 Certificate of Amendment of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 6, 2020). 

3.6 
 
 Fifth
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on November 25, 2020. 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series G 1.5 Convertible Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series H 2 Voting, Non-Participating, Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 13, 2020). 

61 

3.9 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series H 2 Voting, Non-Participating, Convertible Preferred
 Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October
 5, 2020). 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series I 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K (File no. 001-16467) filed on April 6, 2023. 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series J 8 Redeemable Preferred Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K (File no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

3.12 
 
 By-Laws
 of the Company, as adopted March 4, 1987, and amended on October 8, 1996, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed October 15, 1996 (File no. 001-17951). 

3.13 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of By-Laws of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed
 November 15, 2007. (File no. 001-16467) 

4.1 
 
 Placement
 Agency Agreement, dated August 24, 2007, by and between Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and JMP Securities LLC and Rodman and Renshaw,
 LLC, Form of Subscription Agreement and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., incorporated
 by reference to Exhibits 1.1, 1.2 and 4.1, respectively, to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed August 27, 2007 (File no.
 001-16467). 

4.2 
 
 Placement
 Agency Agreement, dated April 13, 2009, by and between the Company and Rodman Renshaw, LLC, Form of Securities Purchase Agreement
 and Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibits 1.1, 1.2 and 4.1, respectively,
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 17, 2009 (File no. 001-16467). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

10.1 
 
 Cortex
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.94 to the Company s Report on Form
 8-K filed May 11, 2006 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.2 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Grant of Stock Options and Option Agreement under the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.96 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2006 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.3 
 
 Form
 of Incentive/Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.97 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2006 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, dated May 9, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.101 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 15, 2007 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.5 
 
 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of June 5, 2009, incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.115 to
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2009 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.6 
 
 Amendment
 No. 3 to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, effective May 19, 2010, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.118 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 24, 2010 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.7 
 
 Patent
 License Agreement between the Company and the University of Alberta, dated as of May 9, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.105 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2008 (File no. 001-16467). (Portions of this Exhibit are
 omitted and were filed separately with the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company s application requesting confidential
 treatment under Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 

10.8 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2009, by and between the Company and the Investors, including a form of Registration Rights Agreement
 attached as Exhibit B thereto and a form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant attached as Exhibit C thereto, incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.114 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 30, 2009 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.9 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 15, 2011, by and between the Company and Biovail Laboratories International SRL, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.122 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 23, 2011 (File no. 001-16467). (Portions
 of this exhibit are omitted and were filed separately with the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the Company s application
 requesting confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). 

10.10 
 
 Patent
 Assignment and Option and Amended and Restated Agreement, dated June 10, 2011, between the Company and Les Laboratoires Servier,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.125 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 18, 2011 (File no.
 001-16467). (Portions of this exhibit are omitted and were filed separately with the Secretary of the Commission pursuant to the
 Company s application requesting confidential treatment under Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

62 

10.11 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated January 15, 2010, by and between the Company and Samyang Optics Co., Ltd., including a form of Convertible
 Promissory Note attached as Exhibit A thereto and a form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant attached as Exhibit B thereto, incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.116 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 21, 2010 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.12 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 20, 2011, by and between the Company and Samyang Value Partners Co., Ltd., including the Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant attached as Exhibit A thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.127 to the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2012 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.13 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated June 25, 2012, by and between the Company and Samyang Optics Co., Ltd., including a form of Secured Promissory
 Note attached as Exhibit A thereto, a form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant attached as Exhibit B thereto, and a form of Patent Security
 Agreement attached as Exhibit C thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.129 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q filed on August 16, 2012 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.14 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on March 24, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.15 
 
 Cortex
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Equity, Equity-Linked and Equity Derivative Incentive Plan, established March 14, 2014, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.16 
 
 Exclusive
 License Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2014, by and between the Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois, a body corporate
 and politic of the State of Illinois, and Cortex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.17 
 
 Standard
 Agreement for Submitting Compounds for Preclinical Pharmacological, Pharmacokinetic and Toxicological Evaluation, dated October 19,
 2015, by and between the National Institute on Drug Abuse (hereinafter referred to as NIDA ), a component of the National
 Institutes of Health (NIH); and Cortex Pharmaceuticals, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.18 
 
 Form
 of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 23, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.19 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on July 23, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.20 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on July 23, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.21 
 
 Release
 Agreement, dated September 2, 2014, between the Company and the Institute for the Study of Aging Inc., incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.22 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Note and Warrant Agreement, including a form of 10 Convertible Note due September 15, 2012 attached as Exhibit A
 thereto and a Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock attached as Exhibit B thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2014 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.23 
 
 Demand
 Promissory Note, dated June 16, 2015, held by Arnold S. Lippa on behalf of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.24 
 
 Form
 of Demand Promissory Note, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
 3, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.25 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on February 3, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

63 

10.26 
 
 2015
 Stock and Stock Option Plan, dated June 30, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.27 
 
 Amended
 and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.28 
 
 First
 Amendment of Amended and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2017 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.29 
 
 Form
 of Non-Statutory Stock Option Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.30 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between the Company and James S. J. Manuso, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K
 filed on August 19, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.31 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between the Company and Arnold S. Lippa, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K
 filed on August 19, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.32 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between the Company and Robert N. Weingarten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form
 8-K filed on August 19, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.33 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between the Company and Jeff E. Margolis, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K
 filed on August 19, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.34 
 
 Form
 of Second Amended and Restated Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, including a Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock
 attached as Exhibit A thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2015 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.35 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, including a Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock attached as Exhibit A thereto,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.36 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, including a Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock attached as Exhibit A thereto,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2017 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.37 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement, including a Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock attached as Exhibit A thereto,
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2017 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.38 
 
 Form
 of Exchange Agreement, including a Form of New Warrant attached as Exhibit A thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 11, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

64 

10.39 
 
 Form
 of Exchange Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April
 11, 2016 (File no. 001-16467). 

10.40 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement (including a Form of Warrant) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.41 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement (including a Form of Warrant) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.42 
 
 Amendment
 No. One of the Employment Agreement of Jeff E. Margolis, effective July 1, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
 Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 20, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.43 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement (including a Form of Warrant) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.44 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement (including a Form of Warrant) incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.45 
 
 Second
 Amendment of the Amended and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017 (File no. 001-16467) 

10.46 
 
 Form
 of Demand Promissory Note incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April
 11, 2018. 

10.47 
 
 Form
 of Note Exchange Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 June 6, 2018. 

10.48 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement (including a Form of Warrant), incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on September 12, 2018 (File no. 1-16467). 

10.49 
 
 Development
 and Supply Agreement, dated September 4, 2018, between the Company and Noramco, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2018. 

10.50 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Note (including a Form of Warrant), incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2018 (File no. 1-16467). 

10.51 
 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Note (including the Form of Warrant), incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed March 5, 2019. 

10.52 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 24, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd., incorporated by
 reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed April 30, 2019. 

10.53 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated April 24, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467)
 filed April 30, 2019. 

10.54 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 17, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Crown Bridge Partners, LLC, incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed May 23, 2019. 

10.55 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated May 17, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467)
 filed May 23, 2019. 

10.56 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 17, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no.
 1-16467) filed May 23, 2019. 

10.57 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 19, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC, incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed August 27, 2019. 

10.58 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated August 19, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467)
 filed August 27, 2019. 

65 

10.59 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 19, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file
 no. 1-16467) filed August 27, 2019. 

10.60 
 
 Settlement
 Agreement and Release, dated August 21, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Salamandra, LLC, incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed August 27, 2019. 

10.61 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 22, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC, incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed October 28, 2019. 

10.62 
 
 10 
 Convertible Note, dated October 22, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467)
 filed October 28, 2019. 

10.63 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 22, 2019, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file
 no. 1-16467) filed October 28, 2019. 

10.64 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated November 4, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Odyssey Funding, LLC, incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed November 5, 2019. 

10.65 
 
 RespireRx
 Pharmaceuticals Inc. 10 Convertible Redeemable Note due November 4, 2020, dated November 4, 2019, incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed November 5, 2019. 

10.66 
 
 First
 Amendment to Settlement Agreement and Release, dated as of December 16, 2019, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Salamandra,
 LLC, incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed December 18, 2019. 

10.67 
 
 Company
 Option Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2020, by and between the UWM Research Foundation, Inc. and RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed March 4, 2020). 

10.68 
 
 Form
 of Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed March
 26, 2020). 

10.69 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 15, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 21, 2020). 

10.70 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated April 15, 2020, in favor of Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 21, 2020). 

10.71 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on June 11, 2020). 

10.72 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated June 7, 2020, in favor of Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on June 11, 2020). 

10.73 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated May 6, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Timothy Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 6, 2020). 

10.74 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement of Timothy Jones, effective July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.75 
 
 Fourth
 Amendment of Amended and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 6, 2020). 

10.76 
 
 Fifth
 Amendment of Amended and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.77 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 2, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 7, 2020). 

66 

10.78 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note, dated July 2, 2020, in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2
 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 7, 2020). 

10.79 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 2, 2020, in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 7, 2020). 

10.80 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated July 13, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Jeff Eliot Margolis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 13, 2020). 

10.81 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated July 13, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Arnold S. Lippa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 13, 2020). 

10.82 
 
 Equity
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 28, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and White Lion Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.83 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated July 28, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and White Lion Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.84 
 
 8 
 Fixed Promissory Note, dated July 28, 2020 in favor of White Lion Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.85 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to 8 Fixed Promissory Note in favor of White Lion Capital, LLC, dated September 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.86 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Employment Agreement of Timothy Jones, effective July 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.87 
 
 Fifth
 Amendment of Amended and Restated RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2015 Stock and Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.88 
 
 Patent
 License Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Research
 Foundation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467)
 filed on August 4, 2020). 

10.89 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 4, 2020). 

10.90 
 
 10 
 Convertible Note, dated July 30, 2020, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 4, 2020). 

10.91 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 30, 2020, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August 4, 2020). 

10.92 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Timothy Jones (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.93 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Jeff Eliot Margolis (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.94 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Arnold S. Lippa (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.95 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Marc Radin PC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.96 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Patent Network Law Group (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 5, 2020). 

10.97 
 
 Waiver
 and Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2021, by and between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire
 Global Opportunities Fund LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed
 January 20, 2021). 

67 

10.98 
 
 Waiver with Respect to 8 Fixed Promissory Note, dated January 13, 2021, by and between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and White Lion Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed January 20, 2021). 

10.99 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed February 19, 2021). 

10.100 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed February 19, 2021). 

10.101 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed February 19, 2021). 

10.102 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Convertible Promissory Note, FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report of Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed November 23, 2021). 

10.103 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 5, 2021). 

10.104 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 31, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed April 5, 2021). 

10.105 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated March 31, 2021, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 5, 2021). 

10.106 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated March 31, 2021, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 5, 2021). 

10.107 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Labrys Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 3, 2021). 

10.108 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Labrys Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed May 3, 2021). 

10.109 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated April 30, 2021, in favor of Labrys Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 3, 2021). 

10.110 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 30, 2021, in favor of Labrys Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 3, 2021). 

68 

10.111 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 14, 2021). 

10.112 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed May 14, 2021). 

10.113 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated May 10, 2021, in favor of LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 14, 2021). 

10.114 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 10, 2021, in favor of LGH Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on May 14, 2021). 

10.115 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.116 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 1-16467) filed July 6, 2021). 

10.117 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated June 29, 2021, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.118 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 29, 2021, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.119 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated June 28, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.120 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 28, 2021, in favor of EMA Financial, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.121 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.122 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 30, 2021, in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on July 6, 2021). 

10.123 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Barton Asset Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on September 3, 2021). 

69 

10.124 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 31, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Barton Asset Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on September 3, 2021). 

10.125 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated August 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on September 3, 2021). 

10.126 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on September 3, 2021). 

10.127 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Dariusz Nasiek and Sara Nasiek JTTEN (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.128 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Dariusz Nasiek and Sara Nasiek JTTEN (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.129 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated October 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.130 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.131 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated September 14, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and DNA Healthlink, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on September 20, 2021). 

10.132 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Dariusz Nasiek and Sara Nasiek JTTEN (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.133 
 
 Piggy-Back Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 7, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Dariusz Nasiek and Sara Nasiek JTTEN (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.134 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated October 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.135 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on October 12, 2021). 

10.136 
 
 Form of Placement Agent s Warrant Agreement (contained in Appendix A of Exhibit 1.2) 

10.137 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 To Convertible Promissory Note in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC dated November 23, 2021, effective as of
 November 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467)
 filed on November 23, 2021). 

10.138 
 
 Amendment No. 3 To 8 Fixed Promissory Note in favor of White Lion Capital LLC dated December 14, 2021, effective as of December 1, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on December 14, 2021). 

10.139 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 23, 2021, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Quick Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on December 23, 2021). 

10.140 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on December 23, 2021). 

10.141 
 
 Amendment No. 1 To Securities Purchase Agreement in favor of FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund LLC, dated March 24, 2022, effective as of February 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed March 28, 2022). 

10.142 
 
 Amendment No. 2 To Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 24, 2022, effective as of February 17, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on March 28, 2022). 

10.143 
 
 Employment Agreement Termination and Separation Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, effective as of January 31, 2021 between Timothy L. Jones and RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on February 11, 2021). 

70 

10.144 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated April 14, 2022, between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Barton Asset Management LLC incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.144 of the Company s Annual Report of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (file no. 001-16468)
 filed on April 15, 2022. 

10.145 
 
 Piggy-back
 Registration Rights Agreement dated April 14, 2022 between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Barton Asset Management LLC incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.145 of the Company s Annual Report of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (file
 no. 001-16468) filed on April 15, 2022. 

10.146 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated, April 14, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.146 of the Company s Annual Report of Form 10-K for the
 fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (file no. 001-16468) filed on April 15, 2022. 

10.147 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant, dated April 14, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.147 of the Company s Annual Report of
 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (file no. 001-16468) filed on April 15, 2022. 

10.148 
 
 Timothy
 L. Jones Resignation Letter, dated February 8, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on February 11, 2022. 

10.149 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Promissory Note Issued on March 31, 2021, dated April 1, 2022, by and between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and
 EMA Financial, LLC incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467)
 filed on April 4, 2022. 

10.150 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Promissory Note Issued on March 31, 2021, dated May 11, 2022, by and between RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. and
 Labrys Fund, LP incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467)
 filed on May 16, 2022. 

10.151 
 
 Payment
 Settlement Agreement and Release, dated August 1, 2022, by and between Faegre Drinker Biddle and Reath LLP and RespireRx Pharmaceuticals
 Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on August
 3, 2022. 

10.152 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement template for August 22, 2022 three convertible note financings totaling 105,556 in principal amount and 95,000
 of net proceeds, identical in terms except as to dollar amounts and purchaser incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-16467) filed on November 17, 2022. 

10.153 
 
 Piggy-back
 Registrations Rights Agreement template for August 22, 2022 three convertible note financings totaling 105,556 in principal amount
 and 95,000 of net proceeds, identical in terms except as to dollar amounts and purchaser incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-16467) filed on November 17, 2022. 

10.154 
 
 Promissory
 Note template for August 22, 2022 three convertible note financings totaling 105,556 in principal amount and 95,000 of net proceeds,
 identical in terms except as to dollar amounts and purchaser incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q (file no. 001-16467) filed on November 17, 2022. 

10.155 
 
 Second Amendment to Respirerx -University Of Illinois Exclusive License Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on January 23, 2023. 

10.156 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file
 no. 001-16467) filed on April 6, 2023. 

10.157 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement with Jeff Eliot Margolis dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.158 
 
 Exchange
 and Settlement Agreement with Arnold Lippa dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.159 
 
 Exchange
 and Settlement Agreement with Marc M Radin, PC dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.160 
 
 Transfer
 Letter Agreement with Jeff Eliot Margolis dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed
 on April 13, 2023. 

10.161 
 
 Transfer
 Letter Agreement with Arnold Lippa dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

10.162 
 
 Transfer
 Letter Agreement with Marc M Radin, PC dated April 12, 2023 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K (file no. 001-16467) filed on April 13, 2023. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Haskell White LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included as part of the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Each
 of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

71 

Signatures 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RESPIRERX
 PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Arnold S. Lippa 

Arnold
 S. Lippa 

Interim
 President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, and Director, Chief Scientific Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

We,
the undersigned directors and officers of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc., do hereby constitute and appoint each of Arnold L. Lippa, and
Jeff E. Margolis as our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with power of substitution, to do any and all acts and things in
our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in the
capacities indicated below, which said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or either of them, may deem necessary or advisable to enable said
corporation to comply with the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including specifically but without limitation, power and
authority to sign for us or any of us in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments hereto; and we do hereby
ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Arnold S. Lippa, Ph.D 
 
 Interim
 President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Arnold
 S. Lippa, Ph.D. 

/s/
 Jeff E. Margolis 
 
 Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Member of the Board of Directors 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 E. Margolis 

/s/
 Joseph Siegelbaum 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Siegelbaum 

72 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 ex4-3.htm

EXHIBIT
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following is a general description of the common stock of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company and does not purport
to be complete. For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the common stock, refer to the Company s Second Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date (the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company, as amended
(the Bylaws ), each of which is an exhibit incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit
is a part. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to these documents. 

Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue a total of 2,005,000,000 shares of capital stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share. Of the authorized
amount, 2,000,000,000 of the shares are designated as Common Stock and 5,000,000 of the shares are designated as Preferred Stock. 

Description
of Common Stock 

General.
 Each share of the Company s Common Stock has the same rights and privileges. Holders of the Common Stock do not have any preferences
or any preemptive, redemption, subscription, conversion or exchange rights. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and
non-assessable. The Company s Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market, under the symbol RSPI. 

Voting
Rights. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote upon all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and are entitled to
one vote for each share of Common Stock held. There is no cumulative voting. 

Dividends.
 The Company has never paid cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future.
The payment of dividends, if any, will be determined by the Board in light of conditions then existing and may be paid on the Common
Stock subject to the prior rights and preferences, if any, applicable to shares of preferred stock or any series of preferred stock,
when and if declared by the Board, out of funds legally available therefor. 

Liquidation
and Distribution. If the Company voluntarily or involuntarily liquidates, dissolves or winds-up, or upon any distribution of assets,
the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive, after distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed
to the holders of preferred stock or any series of preferred stock, all of the remaining assets available for distribution equally and
ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 

Material
Limitation or Qualification of Rights of Common Stock 

Preferred
Stock, Generally . The Company may issue preferred stock with such powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions
as the Board may, without prior stockholder approval, establish. The existence, and potential future issuance, of shares of preferred
stock by the Company could result in substantial dilution of the economic and governance rights of holders of the Company s common
stock. 

The
Company s authorized shares of preferred stock are designated into series as follows: c, 3,500 shares of Series I 8 Redeemable
Preferred Stock Series I Preferred Stock ), 3,000 shares of Series H 2 Voting, Non-Participating Convertible Preferred
Stock, 37,500 shares as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), 1,700 shares as Series G 1.5 
Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Preferred Stock ), 1,250,000 shares as 9 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 9 
Preferred Stock ), 205,000 shares as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), and
3,505,800 shares are undesignated and may be issued with such rights and powers as the Board may designate. 

Series
J Preferred Stock . 5,700 shares of Series J Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The shares of Series J Preferred Stock
are not convertible into Common Stock. The Series J Preferred Stock have a per share par value of 0.001 and a per share stated
value of 100.00. The shares of Series J Preferred Stock are redeemable upon the occurrence of certain eligible payment Series J Eligible Payment events (each a Series J Preferred Stock Eligible Payment Event that would
cause an Series J Eligible Payment. Such Series J Eligible Payment Events include but are not limited to the receipt by the Company
of an amount equal to or greater than 20 million from a licensing or sub-licensing fee, certain royalty payment receipts or the
sale of an asset. Each share of Series J Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes, which shall be eligible to vote
along with the Common Stockholders, or, as the case may be, when voting as a class, that is equal to one hundred (100x) times number
calculated by dividing the number of shares of Series J Preferred Stock by the base measurement price as of the record date for such
vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent. To the extent that
under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the vote of the Series J Preferred Stock holders, voting separately as a class or
series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at
least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series J Preferred Stock shall constitute the approval of such action by the
class or series. In the event of any liquidation or winding up of the Company prior to and in preference to any junior securities
and pari passu with holders of any class or series of preferred stock that is pari passu with the Series J Preferred Stock, the
holders of the Series J Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive in preference to the holders of any junior securities a per
share amount equal to the 100.00, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. In addition, the holders of Series J Preferred Stock have
participating rights with holders of Common Stock after all holders of preferred stock have received their liquidation preference
rights. 

Series
I Preferred Stock . 450 shares of Series I Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. The shares of Series I Preferred Stock are not convertible
into Common Stock. The Series I Preferred Stock have a per share par value of 0.001 and a per share stated value of 100.00. The shares
of Series I Preferred Stock are redeemable upon the occurrence of certain eligible payment Series I Eligible Payment events (each a Series I Preferred Stock Eligible Payment Event that would cause a Series I Eligible Payment. Such Series
I Eligible Payment Events include but are not limited to the receipt by the Company of an amount equal to or greater than 15 million
from a licensing or sub-licensing fee, certain royalty payment receipts or the sale of an asset. Each share of Series I Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Series I Preferred Stock and shall only vote as a class to the extent that under the
Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL the vote of the Series I Preferred Stock holders, voting separately as a class
or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the Series I Preferred
Stock holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series I Preferred Stock. In addition to the above, any action
that would reduce the rights or privileges of the Series I Preferred Stock will require an affirmative vote or consent of the Series
I Preferred Stock holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series I Preferred Stock. In the event of any
liquidation or winding up of the Company prior to and in preference to any junior securities and pari passu with holders of any class
or series of preferred stock that is pari passu with the Series I Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series J Preferred Stock will be
entitled to receive in preference to the holders of any junior securities a per share amount equal to the 100.00, plus any accrued and
unpaid dividends. 

Series
B Preferred Stock. 37,500 shares of Series B Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is
convertible into approximately 0.000030 shares of common stock at an effective conversion price of 22,083.75 per share of common stock,
which is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. As of December 31, 2021, the shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding
are convertible into 1 share of Common Stock. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock do not entitle the holder to voting rights. The Company
may redeem the Series B Preferred Stock for 25,001, equivalent to 0.6667 per share, an amount equal to the liquidation preference,
at any time upon 30 days prior notice. 

Series
H Preferred Stock. No shares of Series H Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding or accrued as dividends as all outstanding shares
of Series H Preferred Stock inclusive of accrued dividends converted into units that resulted in the issuance of 25,377,426 shares of
Common Stock and warrants to purchase 25,377,426 shares of Common Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible into 15,625
units at an effective conversion price of 0.064 per unit, with each unit comprising one share of Common Stock and one warrant exercisable
for one share of Common Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock entitles the holder to that number of votes equal to two times
the number of shares of Common Stock into which it is convertible. In the event of any liquidation or winding up of the Company prior
to and in preference to any junior securities, the holders of the Series H Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive in preference
to the holders of any junior securities a per share amount equal to the 0.001, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. 

Series
G Preferred Stock . No shares of Series G Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. If issued, each share of Series G Preferred
Stock is convertible into that number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing 1,000 by an initial conversion price of 0.033.
The conversion price with respect to a share of Series G Preferred Stock is subject to adjustment upon certain events that occur while
such share is outstanding, pursuant to Section 7 of the Certificate of Designation for the Series G Preferred Stock (see Exhibit 3.7
to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part). As of December 31, 2020, the conversion price with
respect to Series G Preferred Stock is not subject to adjustment because no shares of Series G Preferred Stock are outstanding. If issued,
each outstanding share of Series G Preferred Stock, prior to the date such share is eligible for conversion, entitles the holder to 30,303
votes per share (which may be subject to adjustment as described above), and thereafter, each share entitles the holder to voting rights
on an as-converted basis. 

9 
Preferred Stock . No shares of 9 Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. If issued, each share of 9 Preferred Stock is convertible
into shares of common stock according to a conversion rate subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including a reverse
stock split, as set forth under the Certificate of Incorporation (see Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of
which this exhibit is a part). Thereunder, each share of 9 Preferred Stock is convertible into that number of shares of common stock
determined by dividing 1.00 by a conversion rate of 1.50, subject to adjustment pursuant to the reverse stock splits effected by the
Company on September 1, 2016 and January 5, 2021, whereby, on September 1, 2016 each 325 shares of Common Stock was exchanged and combined
into one share of Common Stock and on January 5, 2021, each 10 shares of Common Stock was exchanged and combined into one share of Common
Stock. Shares of 9 Preferred Stock do not entitle the holder to voting rights. 

Series
A Preferred Stock . No shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock do not entitle
the holder to voting rights, except to the extent the holder would be entitled to vote with the holders of Common Stock as set forth
in the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions in the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Certain
provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws summarized below may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt,
including attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the Company s securities. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide: (i) that the Company may issue preferred stock with such powers, preferences, rights,
qualifications, limitations, and restrictions as the Board may, without prior stockholder approval, establish, as described above; and
(ii) that special meetings of stockholders may only be called by the chairman of the Board, the president, the secretary, a majority
of the members of the Board or the holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Pier
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. incorporated in the state of Delaware 

 ResolutionRx
Ltd incorporated in Australia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-258313, No. 333-248816, No. 333-211441
and No. 333-208017) of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company of our report dated April 17, 2023 relating to our
audits of the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years then ended,
included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
report dated April 17, 2023 contains an explanatory paragraph that states the Company does not have sufficient working capital to fund
its operations and commitments. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/
 HASKELL WHITE LLP 

Irvine,
 California 

April
 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Arnold S. Lippa certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Arnold S. Lippa 

Arnold
 S. Lippa 

Interim
 President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Jeff E. Margolis, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Jeff E. Margolis 

Jeff
 E. Margolis 

Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 7
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT
32 

CERTIFICATION 

Arnold
S. Lippa, Interim President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
of RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ), and Jeff E. Margolis, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer, Secretary and Director of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Arnold S. Lippa 

Arnold
 S. Lippa 

Interim
 President, Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Jeff E. Margolis 

Jeff
 E. Margolis 

Senior
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 

This
certification accompanies the Annual Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rspi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rspi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rspi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rspi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

