<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230530_10-K_edgar_data_1931055_0001663577-23-000285.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5944588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>345591</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2033253</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1639984</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>750010</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1030591</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-23-000285.hdr.sgml : 20230530
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230530161517
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-23-000285
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230530
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230530

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Medinotec Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001931055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				364990343
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-265368
		FILM NUMBER:		23976565

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		27 87 330 2301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OFFICE 202, GEZERI BUILDING, NAIF
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 488083
		CITY:			DUBAI
		STATE:			C0
		ZIP:			48803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-23-000285.txt : 20230530

10-K
 1
 mdnc10k_022823.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to . 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

| | 

 North Riding | | 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

87 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares as of May 22, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 PAGE 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 30 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 60 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 60 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 60 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 60 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 61 

ITEM 6. 
 [ RESERVED ] 
 61 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 61 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 66 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 66 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 66 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 66 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 67 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 67 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 71 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 72 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 73 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 76 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 77 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 78 

SIGNATURES 
 78 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Except for statements of historical fact, some information
in this document contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify
these forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, anticipate, 
 estimate, plans, potential, projects, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend or the negative of these words
or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The statements that contain these or similar words should be read carefully
because these statements discuss our future expectations, contain projections of our future results of operations or of our financial
position, or state other forward-looking information. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors.
However, there may be events in the future that we are not able accurately to predict or control. Further, we urge you to be cautious
of the forward-looking statements which are contained in this registration statement because they involve risks, uncertainties and other
factors affecting our operations, market growth, service, products and licenses. The factors listed in the sections captioned Risk
Factors and Description of Business, as well as other cautionary language in this registration statement and events
in the future may cause our actual results and achievements, whether expressed or implied, to differ materially from the expectations
we describe in our forward-looking statements. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from
time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business
or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
The forward-looking statements in this registration statement are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due
to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation
or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. The occurrence of any of the events
described as risk factors or other future events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
position. Since our common stock is considered a penny stock, we are ineligible to rely on the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements provided in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless
the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Registrant, we, us, our, 
 Medinotec, Medinotec Group of Companies or MDNC refer to Medinotec, Inc., a Nevada corporation,
and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Company Overview 

Medinotec Inc. was formed on April 26, 2021, in the
State of Nevada. With an effective date of April 26, 2022, we acquired DISA Medinotec Propriety Limited, a South African corporation,
from Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited Minoan ), a company incorporated in South Africa, and owner of all the capital stock
of DISA Medinotec Propriety Limited. We accomplished the acquisition pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Share Exchange Agreement
under common control with Minoan whereby we acquired all the capital stock of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited in exchange for the issuance
of stock at par value and the transfer of the outstanding loan account. The consideration payable of 11 for the outstanding equity and
the Medinotec Group of Companies would take on the responsibility of the loan account payable to Minoan at that time of 1,583,661. 

This Purchase was concluded between Minoan and a local
newly established investment vehicle of Medinotec Inc. called Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited in South Africa after Medinotec Inc.
registered the company as a shelf company by injecting 10,000 into it on December 18, 2021. Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited serves
as the acquisition vehicle for Medinotec Inc on the continent of Africa. 

Combined these companies now form the Medinotec Group
of Companies. 

Our History 

Prior to the above, in 2015, DISA Vascular Distribution,
an innovative medical device company that specialized in vascular technology for the treatment of coronary artery disease, was established.
It was subsequently renamed DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited. DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited was situated in Cape Town, South Africa
and within walking distance from Groote Schuur Hospital, had been developing stents for the international market since 1998. It has since
produced high-quality medical devices through in-depth research and development capabilities R D and a total commitment
to patient care. Today the products are sold via a network of distributor partners both in South Africa and internationally. 

A professional team consisting of our CEO and CFO
was recruited to implement and execute the strategy, and an infrastructure of a large manufacturing facility was established, substantially
increasing our manufacturing and warehousing capabilities. 

Various distributors were appointed, and rights obtained
to grow sales internationally, especially in Namibia and Mauritius, as well as the Middle East, Europe, South America and portions of
Asia. We plan to establish various networks to export and distribute our products in North America and other FDA comparable countries
such as, Australia, Japan and China. The FDA approval that was granted for the Trachealator in November 2021 together with the recent
concluded private placement allows for the roll out in the United States to start during the 2023 fiscal year. In addition, we are finalizing
multiple patent and trademark applications in several territories, which we believe will give us the ability not only to maintain our
intellectual property but also to market our products aggressively. 

The manufacture of medical devices for the
treatment of vascular and airway diseases is now done from our facility in Johannesburg, South Africa. Raw materials and components used
in manufacture are sourced from a number of local and international suppliers to ensure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality
and reliability. Procedures and processes are in place to ensure that these materials meet the regulatory requirements and comply to specifications,
and suppliers are regularly evaluated to monitor their quality performance. 

 The core values of care, learning, continuous
improvement, innovation, outstanding delivery, and relationship building are important to the success of the business. The quality of
the manufactured products is achieved through careful selection of suppliers and the maintenance of good manufacturing practices, thereby
guaranteeing the mitigation of risk. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

Employees 

 As of February 28, 2023, the Medinotec Group of Companies
employed a total of 29 full-time employees. 

Commercial team: Within the group of companies the Commercial team representing the products currently consists of 3 individuals responsible for all aspects of the sales process, including pricing, marketing, transportation and logistics, product development and general customer service and training. 

Sales team: The team is organized by both region and end-market and comprises a group of experienced and dedicated team members who understand the industry and who are experts in their various medical fields. The team is led out of the Johannesburg head office and is regionally positioned in the major medical markets across South Africa. As the Company makes decisions to enter or expand its presence in certain markets or regions, it expects to continue to add dedicated team members to support that growth, the company currently has two dedicated sales members in the United States and this number is expected to increase as the sales grow and regulatory and administrative hurdles are cleared to allow sales to happen. 

Marketing team : This team coordinates all new and existing customer outreach efforts and identifies emerging market trends and new product opportunities. This includes producing exhibits for trade shows and exhibitions, manufacturing product overview materials, participating in regional industry meetings and other trade associations and managing advertising efforts in trade journals. 

Transportation Warehouse and Logistics team: The team manages domestic and international shipments and product deliveries by directing inbound and outbound ocean vessel and flights traffic, supervising equipment maintenance, coordinating with freight carriers to ensure equipment availability, ensuring compliance with shipping regulations and strategically planning for future growth. This team also ensures storage and shipping happens in accordance with the quality requirements of each product. 

Technical team : The team services and maintains all major equipment held in ours warehouses as well as products purchased by customers requiring regular servicing and general maintenance. 

Customer Services team : This team is dedicated to creating an exceptional customer experience and making it easy to do business with us. It aims to accomplish this by consistently exceeding customer expectations, continually improving service performance, offering efficient and timely responses to customer needs, being available to customers 24/7, and providing customers with personal points of contact. 

These functions are backed up by various back-office
functions including, but not limited to, Quality, Finance, Admin and Regulatory staff. 

Attracting the right employees is vital to
the success of the Medinotec Group of Companies, and the contribution they make to the business is highly valued. Focus on attracting
the most competent and suitable people to operate in a rewarding work environment is a priority, particularly in the highly competitive
labor market in which we operate. 

 The below table
shows the
approximate number of employees, the employment status as full or part time, and the employer within the Medinotec Group of Companies.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment with us. We have not experienced any work stoppages,
and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Employer 
 
 Number of Employees 
 
 Status of Employees 
 
 Medinotec Inc. 

4 

Full time 
 
 Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited 

2 

Full time 
 
 DISA
 Medinotec Proprietary Limited 

25 

Full
 time 

Executives employed in Medinotec Inc. and
Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited are the same individuals. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Group Contractors 

 Two of the most valuable assets the Group has
are its long-term customer relationships and its strong distribution and marketing network. Through its distribution partnership, the
Group has a network of over 100 sales representatives, who cover approximately 60 of all hospital theatre floors on a weekly basis in
South Africa. The Group plans to replicate such a network in the US. 

 The Group has historical reliance on two related
parties for sales into South Africa: there is reliance on DISA Lifesciences as a customer; and for exports out of South Africa there was
historical reliance on Minoan Medical. These relationships provide the Group with more than 100 sales representatives in the South African
Market. 

 The sales relationship with Minoan Medical
ceased to exist in FY 2022, when the Medinotec Group took the export functions in house. Any sales in the future between the two entities,
if any, will be on an ad hoc basis when opportunities arise. 

 Sales between DISA Lifesciences and the Medinotec
Group will continue into the future due to the vast distribution arm of DISA Lifesciences within South Africa. The Group s expectation
is to reduce reliance on the South African markets for customers and accounts as the Group endeavors to expand and enter into international
first world markets. However, there is no guarantee that our plan will result in a decrease in reliance on DISA Lifesciences for customers
and accounts. As with any expansion effort, there are barriers to entry and outside factors, such as regulatory approval, competition,
among others, that may prevent us from entering into such markets. As such, and there is a risk that the concentration of customer issue
will remain an ongoing issue unless we are successful in overcoming barriers to entry, competing with those in our markets and achieving
regulatory approvals, none of which can be guaranteed. 

 The Medinotec Group of Companies is in the
process of retaining additional independent consulting companies within the Medinotec Group of Companies of which DISA Lifesciences Proprietary
Limited and Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited both incorporated in South Africa are the largest. The Medinotec Group of Companies operate
in countries where the market is dominated by certain players and this creates a sales concentration risk which also causes an accounts
receivable concentration risk. 

 Seasonality 

 Sales reflect the cyclical nature of the business,
as the number of procedures incorporating our products does decrease in the summer holiday months of December and January within the South
African market, which is currently the predominant market in the Medinotec Group of Companies. This cyclical nature has been enhanced
by the Covid-19 pandemic, which has resulted in an unprecedented decline in healthcare utilization, largely due to the postponement of
elective surgeries and patient aversion to exposure to the potential risk of infection in some healthcare settings. 

 Reliance on Other Parties 

DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited in the past focused
solely on product development and manufacturing and therefore outsourced its sales function to two parties namely Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited and DISA Vascular Distribution Proprietary limited t/a DISA Lifesciences. This was done to preserve funds for R D and manufacturing
and to ensure the products that get developed are launched effectively. 

Minoan Medical focused primarily on establishing an export market for the products manufactured by DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited, this was however dampened by the covid travel restrictions and the lack of the ability to host training events and trade shows during the past few years. DISA Medinotec made a conscious decision to take all export activities in house and appointed an international sales manager to build export country relationships. This move was done to enhance the business offering and to align the business with the plans as described in this document. 

DISA Vascular Distribution Proprietary limited t/a DISA Lifesciences is one of the top 5 medical device distributors in South Africa and has a far reaching sales and marketing component to their business, DISA Medinotec partnered with DISA Lifesciences to create a market for the products in South Africa, due to the reach of this distributor DISA Medinotec was able to reach its budgets and break even scenarios on products much faster than it would have attempting to launch on their own. DISA LiveScience uses its own sales force and certain sub-contractors to penetrate the South African market. After taking exports in house the DISA Lifesciences relationship is the main dependent to supply products into South Africa. 

Management sees the risk associated with this relationship
as minimal since the entire business plan is drafted around export sales to the United States and Europe this relationship will become
less material over time. 

Please refer to the related party footnotes
in the financial statements and as disclosed in the Section of this Prospectus, entitled, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
where the nature and flow of transactions between each of these parties have been disclosed in detail. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Our Business Strategy 

Our objective is to become one of the significant
industry players within the next five years. We plan to achieve this by: 

1. 
 growing our product range; 

2. 
 building our competences; and 

3. 
 through making strategic acquisitions. 

Our strategy includes investing in the entire value
chain ranging from the importation of raw materials, manufacturing capabilities and the marketing and selling of products, through to
the distribution of its products to customers via our sales network. 

To date, organic growth that has been shown in the
strong track record and growth of the acquired DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited, South Africa, in its multiple years of existence, which
has been supported by strong management teams and the development of intellectual property identified and then executed upon. This proven
track record and strong growth paired with the successful private placement money raised by Medinotec Inc., positions the Medinotec Group
of Companies well to grow into new markets. Regardless of whether we own 100 of the med-tech target or retain a smaller percentage ownership
via acquisitions, the model is supported by the strength and reach of the distribution channels we have created or partnered with over
the past years. 

A high-level overview of our strategy follows on
page 4, which is followed by a discussion on how we implement this strategy. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Our Strategic Differentiators 

We attribute our success to the following key strengths: 

Commitment to innovation : We are dedicated to continuing to develop patentable products and offerings through R D. We have accelerated R D efforts and made the route to market shorter. 

Experienced management team : The members of the Company s management team bring considerable experience to the dynamic environment in which we operate. Their expertise covers a range of disciplines, including industry-specific operating and technical knowledge. The Company has assembled an agile, creative and responsive team that can quickly adapt to changing market conditions 

Extensive geographic footprint: We believe that the strategic location of our facilities and logistics capabilities contribute to our customer retention rates and our ability to reach broader market segments. 

Low-cost operating structure : We focus on building and operating facilities with low operating costs to enable it to better manage market downturns. 

Strong relationships with customers : We have a long and enviable track record of timely delivery of products, which contributes to a reputation for dependability. Our extensive network of technical resources and other expertise enables us to collaborate with customers to develop product offerings to improve their satisfaction. 

Extensive knowledge of setting up distribution channels: We have various exclusive distribution agreements in place with distributors to ensure these distributors include our products into an extensive product mix, which includes some of the most innovative and cutting-edge technologies available today. 

Focus on safety and wellbeing : We focus on the safety of our employees and our patients and maintain safe and responsible operations. We are known in the communities in which we operate as a preferred employer and as a responsible corporate citizen. 

The Three Pillars of our Strategy 

1. 
 Innovate and Grow our Product Range 

DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited established itself
as a highly successful company that has been investing heavily in creating its own IP, as well as the R D and manufacturing techniques
involved in producing unique niche medical devices, thereby creating a value base that is ready to enter advanced high-value markets in
North America. 

The approach, agility and excellent production
capabilities have allowed DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited to capitalize on key medical trends, while an in-depth market knowledge and
understanding have enabled anticipation of market needs well in advance. This, combined with accelerated product development, innovation
and speed to market, with a focus on cost reduction, equipment upgrades and low-cost facilities, has proved to be a recipe for success. 

 We currently have four products that are commercially
available and a rich pipeline of developmental projects. We currently derive most of our profits by selling these products in South Africa,
leaving ample room to grow the basket offering that sales personnel take to the market. Our plan is also to constantly innovate and enhance
our product range to ensure our competitiveness. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

The products are generally targeted at more complex,
specialized surgical cases and are specifically relevant in medical centers of excellence. During 2018, DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited
recognized the need to become a significant player in manufacturing in reaction to the risk of price sensitivity. 

DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited currently
specializes in niche products within the disciplines of cardiology and respiratory interventions in which we are involved in medical device
design, development and manufacture, all supported by a well-trained and educated sales and distribution channel. The specialty areas
include: 

Interventional Cardiology , which involves surgery performed on the heart and vessels to correct life-threatening conditions. The surgery is performed by minimally invasive intravascular methods depending on the condition to be corrected. 

Interventional Endolaryngeal Endoscopy , which involves balloon dilation to treat suitable airway stenosis by ENT surgeons and anesthetists. 
 
 In the lead up to the listing,
during 2021 we embarked on a series of comprehensive market development activities, refocusing resources and efforts to increase awareness
of: 

the benefits of the Trachealator and other Medinotec products; 

the indications for use of our products in territories that accept the European CE Mark; and 

the overall cost efficiency of our products. 

The focus is on markets with surgical centers of excellence, including
the Middle East, Western Europe and the US, with the aim of: 

increasing the number of surgeons endorsing and using our products, not necessarily through sales, but through skills transfer; 

increasing the number of procedures conducted; and 

solidifying key opinion leader support and publications related to the use of our products during procedures. 

In addition, we appointed and trained
various distributors in the Middle East, Western Europe, portions of Asia and South America, with several training initiatives also
held in the USA where FDA approval have been granted for the Trachealator following the 510(k) substantially equivalence process for
Class II medical devices. We believe this positions the product to start sales in the USA. 

 In September last year we established the
first training center in the African region for our products, which is situated in Johannesburg, South Africa at the Oxygenics International
Medical Training Centre. The region has been a major contributor to product placements and surgical cases. The training center is expected
to drive increased utilization of our products worldwide by connecting our partners. Given South Africa s proximity as a centralized
hub it is easily reachable by most of our partners. It is further expected to encourage greater adoption of our technology in other territories
and hospitals. 

 DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited are pleased
to report that during the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years, surgeons performed over 3,000 procedures using our products, however the product
have not been marketed to its fullest potential over the previous years as a result of the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on elective
surgeries and hospital operations. Furthermore, a multitude of peer-reviewed clinical papers have been published providing further support
of the clinical utility of our products. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

The Medinotec Group s growth
plan is determined by the surgical devices market, which is currently the main contributor to sales. The sector is expected to achieve
a compound annual growth rate CAGR of nearly 6.5 during the period 2017-2025. Source: Mordor Intelligence .)
Moreover, healthcare in developing countries our primary target market is undergoing rapid changes. The growing population
in these countries is likely to lead to increased demand for healthcare, including medical devices. The growing burden of diseases and
innovative medical treatments currently accounts for nearly two-thirds of the rise in spending. 

 North America is expected to continue dominating
the overall market for medical supplies and investment opportunities. The US holds the largest market share in the region due to the superior
regulation of surgical devices and a growing awareness among the population of an alternative approach for procedures in the treatment
of injuries, and for chronic disease management. 

 Key Market Trends and Our Response to These 

 There is currently a massive drive for minimal
invasive procedures done at lower costs, which in turn decreases hospitalization and the cost of procedures and theatre time. As this
is the primary market for our devices, i.e., minimally invasive procedures, it is important for us to be at the cutting-edge of technological
developments at the correct price point to remain relevant. It is also important to diversify product offerings to ensure that all the
products used during a procedure can be supplied by one service provider. The price of these devices is also expected to fall given the
entry of many new players in the market. 

 Another market driver is the growing population
in developing countries for healthcare and procedures, which has increased significantly in recent years as previously mentioned. 

 Major shifts in industry market share have
occurred in connection with product problems, physician advisories, safety alerts, results of clinical trials to support superiority claims,
and publications about products, reflecting the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems in the medical device
industry. 

 In the current environment of managed care,
economically motivated customers, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, and declining reimbursement rates,
we have been increasingly required to compete on the basis of price. In order to continue to compete effectively, we must continue to
create or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into proprietary product offerings, obtain regulatory approvals in
a timely manner, maintain high-quality manufacturing processes, and successfully market these products. 

 Government and private sector initiatives to
limit the growth of healthcare costs, including price regulation, competitive pricing, bidding and tender mechanics, coverage and payment
policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many countries
in which the Company does business, including the US. 

 These initiatives put increased emphasis on
the delivery of more cost-effective medical devices and therapies. Government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private healthcare
insurance and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for particular
procedures or treatments, tying reimbursement to outcomes, shifting to population health management, and other mechanisms. 

 Hospitals, which purchase our technology,
are also seeking to reduce costs through a variety of mechanisms, including, for example, centralized purchasing, and in some cases,
limiting the number of vendors that may participate in the purchasing program. Hospitals are also aligning interests with physicians
through employment and other arrangements, such as gainsharing, where a hospital agrees with physicians to share any realized cost savings
resulting from changes in practice patterns such as device standardization. This has created an increased level of price sensitivity
among customers for our products. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

The next logical step for us would be to secure
investment opportunities and additional distributor relationships through the North American territory and to further deploy this for
growth in its distribution channels. 

 Our Competitor Landscape 

 The Medinotec Group of companies operates in
highly competitive markets that are characterized by a number of large, multinational players as well as a number of small, regional or
local distributors. Some of the major players include Johnson Johnson, Boston Scientific, Cook Medical, Cordis, B. Braun, Teleflex,
Medtronic, Merit Medical, Endotec, Conmed and Cadence. 

 Competition is based on price, consistency
and quality of product, site location, distribution capability, customer service, reliability of supply, breadth of product offering and
technical support. The principal competitive factors in these markets are product features, value-added solutions, reliability, clinical
evidence, reimbursement coverage, and price. 

 We compete with many companies having significantly
more capital resources, larger research laboratories and more extensive distribution systems. 

2. 
 Build our Competencies 

Our investment in R D includes a state-of-the-art
production facility in Johannesburg, South Africa. This facility allows for a significant increase in capacity and output, with a 400
m 2 ISO 7 cleanroom. The facility also has increased laboratory space, including a dry laboratory for microscopy,
mechanical testing, prototyping and experimentation, and a wet laboratory for pressure testing, weighing, experimentation
with liquids and 3D printing, as well as a workshop containing turning, milling, grinding and other equipment necessary for building custom
machinery and performing repairs or creating prototypes. 

A large packaging area and a dedicated EtO sterilizer
facility provide the capacity to perform sterilization on our products. Our operations are governed by the ISO 13485 Quality Management
System. Our products are also CE-Marked, with IP protection. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We have expertise in numerous innovative medical
manufacturing techniques, including balloon forming, several heat and adhesive bonding techniques, device coating, grinding, catheter
laminating and many others. Many of products incorporate high-performance medical balloons. As a result, the latest balloon-forming manufacturing
equipment has been procured and commissioned in the new manufacturing facility to assist in increasing production capabilities of interventional
balloon catheter products. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies will further invest
in strategic capital projects to introduce innovative technologies, efficiency improvements and capacity expansion in key growth categories.
This will be implemented through: 

Focusing on processes, from sales management to customer relationships. 

Creating new channels and brand availability. 

Expanding growth strategy through strategic partners. 

Identifying quick-return capital projects. 

As explained in this prospectus, by leveraging off our low-cost base in
South Africa we aim to become one of the leading med-tech companies in the world. 

3. 
 Make Strategic Bolt-on Acquisitions 

The acquisitive growth strategy of the Medinotec Group
of Companies focuses largely centers around capacity or capability-enhancing businesses or as an entry into new or high-growth product
categories. We will also focus on acquiring complementary IP and businesses. 

This will be implemented through: 

proactively identifying strategic bolt-on acquisitions to fill gaps in our existing product categories and manufacturing lines; and 

building strategic alliances with international customers or suppliers. 

Our Implementation Plan 

 Any business strategy requires a plan that
outlines a roadmap for implementation. The Medinotec Group of Companies plan outlines how we will continue to ensure quality manufacturing
of our current products, ongoing investment into our own IP, and planned acquisitions to ensure the financial stability of current operations,
the longevity of our organization and a smooth integration process for new businesses we may acquire. The key drivers in our plan that
support the business strategy are as follows: 

Increase our presence and product offering in specialty product end-markets. In the past, we have signed various exclusive distribution agreements across multiple territories to enhance our product basket and reach. 

Our R D and business development teams work together to enhance existing product offering . These teams also pursue opportunities to acquire new product offerings through business acquisitions and distributorships that are expected to increase our presence and market share in certain specialty product markets and/or allow us to enter new markets. We manage a robust pipeline of new products and business relationships in various stages of development and are also in various stages of expanding capabilities to improve product offerings across our various platforms. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

F urther develop value-added capabilities to maximize margins . We expect to continue investing in ways to increase the value we provide to customers by growing our product offerings, improving our supply chain management, upgrading our IT, and enhancing our customer service model. We are also exploring other ways to expand our reach and our products to provide incremental value to our customers, including new acquisitions to vertically integrate its supply chain and to obtain more of the gross profit share of the entire customer experience. 

Optimize product mix and keep operating costs low . We continue to actively manage our product mix as we seek to maximize profit margins. This requires us to use our proprietary expertise in balancing key variables, such as procurement and processing capacity, transportation availability, customer requirements and pricing. Additionally, we undertake continuous improvement efforts to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of our production and distribution facilities. 

Effectively position logistics capabilities and supply chain network to meet customers needs . We continue to strategically position our supply chain in order to deliver according to our customers needs. We believe that our supply chain network and logistics capabilities are a competitive advantage that enables us to provide superior service to customers. 

The strategic location of our distribution centers enables us to service major customers within 48 hours (this includes certain deliveries to rural and outlying areas in South Africa, which have limited road access and infrastructure). Additionally, our in-house delivery capabilities allow for direct deliveries and last-minute route adjustments to support our customers. 

Evaluate expansion opportunities and other acquisitions . We expect to continue leveraging our reputation, procurement, distribution capabilities and infrastructure to increase our product offerings, as well as to explore other opportunities to expand our reserve base and sell new products. 

We have completed several projects where we have signed exclusive distribution agreements and agreements, which became operational in 2016 These exclusive agreements have also unlocked the opportunity to bring to market great technological advancements in the medical intervention field in southern Africa. 

We will pursue acquisitions of value-adding products and technologies . We will prioritize acquisitions that will provide us with opportunities to realize synergies, which include entering new geographic markets, acquiring attractive customer contracts, and improving operations. 

Maintain
 balance sheet strength and flexibility . We intend to maintain financial strength and flexibility to enable us to better manage
 the business through industry downturns and pursue acquisitions and new growth opportunities as they arise. The business has good
 cash-producing prospects and this, together with our entrepreneurial mindset, ensures that we are able to quickly pursue
 opportunities that are time sensitive. 

Carry sufficient levels of inventory to meet the product delivery needs of customers . We aim to carry sufficient inventory, and also to provide payment terms to customers in the normal course of business to meet the operational demands of our customers. Due to the location of our distribution centers in relation to the US, Europe and the Far East, we require our distributors to carry at minimum three (3) months of inventory on fast moving items to avoid supply chain pressures. 

Training and skills development : Our continued investment into the healthcare landscape through training and academic development assists in retaining and maintaining the necessary skills base within southern Africa. Training and skills development in healthcare is an intrinsic and necessary part of our growth strategy. We use a state-of-the-art training facility at our Johannesburg head office, which includes the latest cardiology simulators, to assist young surgeons and health professionals to develop their procedural skills. We also have a full array of non-occlusive balloon dilation technology for training purposes and for hands-on product technical training. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Product Distribution 

Various distributors were appointed, and rights obtained
to grow sales internationally, especially in Namibia and Mauritius, as well as the Middle East, Europe, South America and portions of
Asia. 

Medinotec Group of Companies currently has an extensive
distribution network in South Africa and is in negotiations to establish distribution networks in Europe, if successful these networks
will be established and fully operational by the end of the 2023 financial year. Until now all exports have been managed directly out
of South Africa by the South African based sales team. 

We have had several training initiatives held in the
US where FDA approval has been granted for the Trachealator following the 510(k) substantially equivalence process for Class II medical
devices. We believe this positions the product to start sales in the US. 

We intent to complete our various networks and obtain
regulatory approvals to be able to export and distribute our product to countries such as Australia, Japan and China. 

Through the operating subsidiary DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited, we ship our products to customers directly by freight or by air and through our network of in-house and courier partners. Recent
market trends have resulted in more product volumes being transported by high-efficiency road freight. 

During 2022, we shipped 3,000 orders to sites and
customers. Generally, our distribution centers are strategically located to provide access to road and air freight. We also continually
explore ways of optimizing our network to ensure that the product remains close to the point of end use. This approach allows us to provide
excellent customer service and positions us to take advantage of opportunistic sales. 

In furtherance of our efforts to expand into the United
States, on September 16, 2022, we entered into an unsecured revolving line of credit to lend Innovative Outcomes, Inc. up to 750,000.
We have lent 585,000 so far under the line. 

Innovative Outcomes is a US distributor in Little
Rock, Arkansas, and we plan to enter into an arrangement with the company for the marketing and distribution of our products for a fee
and to cover expenses. The funds from our line of credit will be used by Innovative Outcomes for setting up infrastructure for our products,
including a headquarters for sales representatives, an administrative hub and customer services to handle all back - office items,
setting up a sales system and marketing program, warehousing of inventory in a licensed warehouse, setting up distribution capabilities,
marketing activities and training activities. 

Product Manufacturing Quality Assurance and Regulatory
Requirements 

 Quality Management 

The safety and quality of our medical devices is assured
through rigorous documented procedures and an accredited Quality Management System QMS ), which was established in accordance
with the requirements of ISO13485, the European Union Medical Device Regulation 2017/745, the US FDA 21 CFR 820 regulations, and the various
applicable acts and guidelines legislated by the South African regulatory authorities. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Our QMS is implemented through Medinotec Group of
Companies policies, procedures and work instructions followed and utilized by all departments. We also maintain an active post-market
surveillance program, which enables product performance to be regularly assessed and to be reported to the regulatory authorities if any
incident/malfunction occurs that results in severe injury to the patient or death. 

Additionally, we maintain quality standards relevant
to the storage and distribution of our products. These include technical/quality agreements with our suppliers. Since we import raw materials,
all manufacturing of the products is performed in DISA Medinotec South Africa s clean room facilities, and all instructions and
quality manuals are written to convert a series of raw materials into finished goods against the applicable quality assurance standards
and internal procedures. No Manufacturing steps are outsourced at the moment. 

Compliance to all procedures is monitored via an internal
audit system and augmented by audits conducted annually by European and American notified bodies. 

International Quality Regulations 

Most of our products carry the CE Mark, ensuring conformity
to the legal requirements of the European Union. The valid CE certificates for the devices concerned have been issued in compliance with
the Medical Device Directive 93/42/EEC and these devices could initially be placed on the market until May 2024, an extension was given
till beginning of 2028. We are currently in the process of ensuring compliance with the new Medical Device Regulation 2017/745. In addition,
we are in the process of obtaining the required FDA certification for our devices, thus enabling us to market and sell our products in
the US. , FDA certification via the 510(k) substantially equivalence process for Class II medical devices for the
Trachealator has been obtained in Nov 2021 and therefore marketing and sales of this product will start soon inside the US. 

In addition, we are subject to numerous and increasingly
stringent environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment
and disposal of toxic and hazardous substances, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water and the cleanup of contamination. We
are required to maintain and comply with environmental permits and controls for some of our operations, and these permits are subject
to modification, renewal, and revocation by the issuing authorities. Our environmental compliance may increase in the future because of
changes in environmental laws and regulations or increased manufacturing activities at any of our facilities. We could incur significant
costs or liabilities because of any failure to comply with environmental laws, including fines, penalties, third-party claims, and the
costs of undertaking a clean-up on-site or at a site to which our wastes were transported. In addition, we are planning to grow in part
by acquisition, and our diligence may not have identified environmental impacts from historical operations at sites we may acquire in
the future. We have an extensive health and safety programmed this also stipulates how we handle waste materials and staff safety in the
cleanroom facility. Our health and safety costs are included in our compliance costs. 

The consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies for the Years Ended 

For the period April 26, 2021 to 
 
 Proforma Medinotec Inc Group consolidated 

February
 28, 2023 
 February 28 2022 
 February
 28, 2022 
 
 Compliance cost 
 218,694 
 161,168 
 161,168 

It should be noted that as we approach market and sales readiness with
our products our compliance costs are increasing to facilitate us to be able to sell products into new territories and to ensure legal
and statutory compliance in these markets. The increases and fluctuations in annual and quarterly compliance costs from Feb 28, 2022 to
Feb 28, 2023 can be attributed to these new markets being prepared for sales activities. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Medical Device Regulation 

Regulatory body approvals and market acceptance play
a material role in the success of our business plan. The approval process of the governing bodies for example FDA/CE is lengthy, time
consuming and inherently unpredictable, and if we are ultimately unable to obtain marketing approval for our products it will have a material
impact on our business, we may encounter substantial delays in completing our clinical studies which in turn will require additional costs,
or we may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities; if we are not able
to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed
in commercializing, our product candidates and our ability to generate revenue will be impaired even if our product candidates receive
marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in
the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

Regulation of Medical Devices in the United
States 

FDA Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements. Unless
an exemption applies, each medical device commercially distributed in the U.S. requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification
submission, granting of a de novo request, or premarket application PMA approval. Under the Federal Food
Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, administered by the FDA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes, Class I, Class II,
or Class III, depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control
needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety
and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA s general controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the
applicable portions of the Quality System Regulation QSR ), facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse
medical events, and truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Some Class I devices may require premarket
notification to the FDA. 

Class II devices are moderate risk devices and are
subject to the FDA s general controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness
of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries, and FDA guidance
documents. While most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices
are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification under Section 510(k) of the FDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute
the device. The FDA s permission to commercially distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known
as 510(k) clearance. Under the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification demonstrating that the
device is substantially equivalent to either a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976, the date upon which
the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 were enacted, or another commercially available device that was cleared to through the 510(k) or de
novo process. 

Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks,
such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology
that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring approval of a PMA. For a
device that is Class III by default (because it is a novel device that was not previously classified and has no predicate), the device
manufacturer may request that FDA reclassify the device into Class II or Class I via a de novo request. 

510(k) Marketing Clearance. To obtain
510(k) clearance, a premarket notification submission must be submitted to the FDA demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially
equivalent to a predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval, i.e.,
a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has
been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I (e.g., via the de novo classification process), or a device that was
previously cleared through the 510(k) process. The FDA s 510(k) review process usually takes from three to six months, but may take
longer. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence.
If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device, it will grant 510(k) clearance to market the device. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

After a device receives 510(k) marketing clearance,
any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification
in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) marketing clearance or, depending on the modification, a de novo request
or PMA approval. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de
novo or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review that decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination.
If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request
the recall of the modified device until FDA has cleared or approved a 510(k), de novo or PMA for the change. Also, in
these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 

De Novo Process. If a previously unclassified
new medical device does not qualify for the 510(k) pre-market notification process because no predicate device to which it is substantially
equivalent can be identified, the device is automatically classified into Class III. The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act
of 1997 established a new route to market for low to moderate risk medical devices that are automatically placed into Class III due to
the absence of a predicate device, called the Request for Evaluation of Automatic Class III Designation, or the de novo
classification procedure. This procedure allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request
down-classification of its medical device into Class I or Class II on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, rather
than requiring the submission and approval of a PMA. Prior to the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation
Act, or FDASIA, in July 2012, a medical device could only be eligible for de novo classification if the manufacturer first submitted a
510(k) pre-market notification and received a determination from the FDA that the device was not substantially equivalent. FDASIA streamlined
the de novo classification pathway by permitting (under Section 513(f)(2) of the FDCA) manufacturers to request de novo classification
directly without first submitting a 510(k) pre-market notification to the FDA and receiving a not substantially equivalent determination.
FDASIA sets a review time for FDA of 120 days following receipt of the de novo application, but FDA does not always meet this timeline
and has publicly only committed to a review of 150 days for 50 of applications. If the manufacturer seeks reclassification into
Class II, the manufacturer must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of
the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. The FDA may reject the reclassification petition if it identifies a legally marketed
predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) or determines that the device is not low to moderate risk or that general controls
would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot be developed. If the FDA agrees with the down-classification, the de
novo applicant will then receive authorization to market the device, and a classification regulation will be established for
the device type. The device can then be used as a predicate device for future 510(k) submissions by the manufacturer or a competitor.
In December 2018 FDA issued proposed regulations to govern the de novo classification process, which if finalized would
further impact this path to market. 

As an alternative to the de novo process,
a company could also file a reclassification petition, or FDA could initiate such a process, seeking to change the automatic Class III
designation of a novel post-amendment device under Section 513(f)(3) of the FDCA. 

Premarket Approval Process. Class III
devices require submission through the Premarket Approval (PMA) process before they can be marketed. The PMA process is more
demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process. In a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device is safe and effective,
and the PMA must be supported by extensive data, including data from preclinical studies and human clinical trials. The PMA must also
contain, among other things, a full description of the device and its components, a full description of the methods, facilities and controls
used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA submission, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently
complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its
review of a PMA, although in practice, the FDA s review often takes significantly longer, and can take up to several years. An advisory
panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide recommendations to the FDA as
to the approvability of the device. The FDA may or may not accept the panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA will generally
conduct a preapproval inspection of the applicant or its third-party manufacturers or suppliers manufacturing facility or
facilities to ensure compliance with the QSR. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

The FDA will approve the new device for commercial
distribution if it determines that the data and information in the PMA application constitute valid scientific evidence and that there
is reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended use(s). The FDA may approve a PMA application with post-approval
conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion,
sale and distribution, and collection of long-term follow-up data from patients in the clinical study that supported PMA approval or requirements
to conduct additional clinical studies post-approval. The FDA may condition PMA approval on some form of post-market surveillance when
deemed necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and efficacy data for the device in a larger population
or for a longer period of use. In such cases, the manufacturer might be required to follow certain patient groups for a number of years
and to make periodic reports to FDA on the clinical status of those patients. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can result
in material adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval. 

Certain changes to an approved device, such as changes
in manufacturing facilities, methods, or quality control procedures, or changes in the design performance specifications, which affect
the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement. PMA supplements often require submission of the same
type of information as a PMA, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered
by the original PMA and may not require as extensive clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. Certain other changes to an
approved device require the submission of a new PMA, such as when the design change causes a different intended use, mode of operation,
and technical basis of operation, or when the design change is so significant that a new generation of the device will be developed, and
the data that were submitted with the original PMA are not applicable for the change in demonstrating a reasonable assurance of safety
and effectiveness. 

Emergency Use Authorization . The Commissioner
of the FDA, under delegated authority from the Secretary of DHHS may, under certain circumstances, issue an Emergency Use Authorization EUA ), that would permit the use of an unapproved medical device or unapproved use of an approved medical device. Before
an EUA may be issued, the Secretary must declare an emergency based on one of the following grounds: 

a determination by the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security that there is a domestic emergency, or a significant potential for a domestic emergency, involving a heightened risk of attack with a specified biological, chemical, radiological or nuclear agent or agents; 

a determination by the Secretary of DoD that there is a military emergency, or a significant potential for a military emergency, involving a heightened risk to U.S. military forces of attack with a specified biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agent or agents; or 

a determination by the Secretary of DHHS of a public health emergency that effects or has the significant potential to affect, national security, and that involves a specified biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agent or agents, or a specified disease or condition that may be attributable to such agent or agents. 

In order to be the subject of an EUA, the FDA Commissioner
must conclude that, based on the totality of scientific evidence available, it is reasonable to believe that the product may be effective
in diagnosing, treating, or preventing a disease attributable to the agents described above, that the product s potential benefits
outweigh its potential risks and that there is no adequate, approved alternative to the product. 

Clinical Trials. Clinical trials are almost
always required to support de novo or a PMA and are sometimes required to support a 510(k) submission. All clinical investigations
of investigational devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s Investigational
Device Exemption IDE regulations which govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational
device, and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If
the device presents a significant risk to human health, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit
an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical trials. A significant risk device is
one that presents a potential for serious risk to the health, safety or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting
or sustaining human life, substantially important in diagnosing, curing, mitigating or treating disease or otherwise preventing impairment
of human health, or otherwise presents a potential for serious risk to a subject. An IDE application must be supported by appropriate
data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is
scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA notifies the manufacturer
that the investigation may not begin or is subject to a clinical hold. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns
with an IDE for which it requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, clinical studies must be approved by,
and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board IRB for each clinical site. The IRB is responsible for
the initial and continuing review of the IDE, and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of the trial. If an IDE application
is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical trials may begin at a specific number of investigational sites with a specific
number of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical
trial after obtaining approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate approval from the FDA, but must still follow abbreviated
IDE requirements, such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping
requirements. An IDE supplement must be submitted to, and approved by the FDA before a sponsor or investigator may make a change to the
investigational plan. 

During a clinical trial, the sponsor is required to
comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, trial monitoring, selecting clinical investigators and providing
them with the investigational plan, ensuring IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping, and prohibitions on the promotion of
investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also
subject to FDA regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol, control
the disposition of the investigational device, and comply with all reporting and recordkeeping requirements. Additionally, after a trial
begins, we, the FDA, or the IRB could suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the
risks to study subjects outweigh the anticipated benefits. 

Post-market Regulation. After a device
is cleared or approved for marketing, numerous and pervasive regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: 

establishment registration and device listing with the FDA; 

state licensure requirements for the manufacturing and distribution of medical devices; 

QSR requirements, which require manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process; 

labeling and marketing regulations, which require that promotion is truthful, not misleading, fairly balanced, provide adequate directions for use, and that all claims are substantiated, and also prohibit the promotion of products for unapproved or off-label uses and impose other restrictions on labeling; FDA guidance on off-label dissemination of information and responding to unsolicited requests for information; 

clearance or approval of product modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices that could significantly affect safety or effectiveness or that would constitute a major change in intended use of one of our cleared devices, or approval of a supplement for certain modifications to PMA devices; 

medical device reporting regulations, which require that a manufacturer report to the FDA if a device it markets may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury, or has malfunctioned and the device or a similar device that it markets would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury, if the malfunction were to recur; 

correction, removal, and recall reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; 

17 

 Table of Contents 

complying with the new federal law and regulations requiring Unique Device Identifiers on devices and also requiring the submission of certain information about each device to the FDA s Global Unique Device Identification Database; 

the FDA s recall authority, whereby the agency can order device manufacturers to recall from the market a product that is in violation of governing laws and regulations; 

post-market surveillance activities and regulations, which apply when deemed by the FDA to be necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device; 

the federal Physician Sunshine Act and various state and foreign laws on reporting remunerative relationships with health care customers; 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (and similar state laws) prohibiting, among other things, soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration intended to induce the purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. A person or entity does not have to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; and 

the federal False Claims Act (and similar state laws) prohibiting, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment or approval to the federal government that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government or knowingly concealing, or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing, an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government. The government may assert that claim includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statute. 

We may be subject to similar foreign laws that may
include applicable post-marketing requirements such as safety surveillance. Our manufacturing processes, or those of any contract manufacturer
that we engage, are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and the facilities, controls for
the design, manufacture, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, distribution, installation,
and servicing of finished devices intended for human use. The QSR also requires, among other things, maintenance of a device master file,
device history file, and complaint files. The discovery of previously unknown problems with any of our products, including unanticipated
adverse events or adverse events of increasing severity or frequency, whether resulting from the use of the device within the scope of
its clearance or off-label by a physician in the practice of medicine, could result in restrictions on the device, including the removal
of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory device recalls. 

The FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement
powers. If the FDA determines that we failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or
enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees, and civil penalties; 

recalls, withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; 

operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production (due to violations of the QSR or other applicable regulations) refusing or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearances or PMA approvals that have already been granted; 

refusal to grant export or import approvals for our products; or 

criminal prosecution. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Regulation of Medical Devices in Europe 

Medical devices placed on the market in the European
Economic Area, or EEA must meet the relevant essential requirements laid down in Annex I of Directive 93/42/EEC concerning medical devices the Medical Devices Directive ). The most fundamental essential requirement is that a medical device must be designed and
manufactured in such a way that it will not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users
and others. In addition, the device must achieve the performances intended by the manufacturer and be designed, manufactured, and packaged
in a suitable manner. The European Commission has adopted various standards applicable to medical devices. These include standards governing
common requirements, such as sterilization and safety of medical electrical equipment and product standards for certain types of medical
devices. There are also harmonized standards relating to design and manufacture. While not mandatory, compliance with these standards
is viewed as the easiest way to satisfy the essential requirements as a practical matter. Compliance with a standard developed to implement
an essential requirement also creates a rebuttable presumption that the device satisfies that essential requirement. 

To demonstrate compliance with the essential requirements
laid down in Annex I to the Medical Devices Directive, medical device manufacturers must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which
varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Conformity assessment procedures require an assessment of available
clinical evidence, literature data for the product, and post-market experience in respect of similar products already marketed. Except
for low-risk medical devices (Class I non-sterile, non-measuring devices), where the manufacturer can self-declare the conformity of its
products with the essential requirements (except for any parts which relate to sterility or metrology), a conformity assessment procedure
requires the intervention of a Notified Body. Notified bodies are often separate entities and are authorized or licensed to perform such
assessments by government authorities. The notified body would typically audit and examine a product s technical dossiers and the
manufacturers quality system. If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant essential requirements, the notified
body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer
may then apply the CE Mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EEA. Once the product has
been placed on the market in the EEA, the manufacturer must comply with requirements for reporting incidents and field safety corrective
actions associated with the medical device. 

In order to demonstrate safety and efficacy for their
medical devices, manufacturers must conduct clinical investigations in accordance with the requirements of Annex X to the Medical Devices
Directive MDD ), Annex 7 of the Active Implantable Medical Devices Directive AIMDD ), and applicable European
and International Organization for Standardization standards, as implemented or adopted in the EEA member states. Clinical trials for
medical devices usually require the approval of an ethics review board and approval by or notification to the national regulatory authorities.
Both regulators and ethics committees also require the submission of serious adverse event reports during a study and may request a copy
of the final study report. 

On April 5, 2017, the European Parliament passed the
Medical Devices Regulation (Regulation 2017/745), which repeals and replaces the E.U. Medical Devices Directive and the Active Implantable
Medical Devices Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the national laws of the EEA member States, the regulations
would be directly applicable, i.e., without the need for adoption of EEA member State laws implementing them, in all EEA member States
and are intended to eliminate current differences in the regulation of medical devices among EEA member States. The Medical Devices Regulation,
among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent, predictable, and sustainable regulatory framework across the EEA
for medical devices and ensure a high level of safety and health while supporting innovation. The Medical Device Regulation will become
applicable in May 2021. The new regulations: 

strengthen the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are available; 

establish explicit provisions on manufacturers responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance, and safety of devices placed on the market; 

improve the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through a unique identification number; 

set up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals, and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the E.U.; 

strengthened rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

In the European Union, member states are
responsible for enforcing the EU s medical device rules and for ensuring that only compliant medical devices are placed on the
market or put into service in their jurisdictions. They have the power to suspend the marketing and use, or demand the recall, of
unsafe or non-compliant devices. They also have the power to bring enforcement action against companies or individuals for breaches
of the device rules. Non-compliance may also result in Notified Bodies revoking any certificate of conformity that they have issued
for a device or the manufacturer s quality system. 

We are subject to regulations and product registration
requirements in many foreign countries in which we may sell our products, including in the areas of: 

design, development, and manufacturing; 

product standards; 

product safety; 

product safety reporting; 

marketing, sales, and distribution; 

packaging and storage requirements; 

labeling requirements; 

content and language of instructions for use; 

clinical trials; 

record keeping procedures; 

advertising and promotion; 

recalls and field corrective actions; 

post-market surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if they were to recur, could lead to death or serious injury; 

import and export restrictions; 

tariff regulations, duties, and tax requirements; 

registration for reimbursement; and 

necessity of testing performed in country by distributors for licensees. 

The time required to obtain clearance required by
foreign countries may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance, and requirements for licensing a product in a foreign
country may differ significantly from FDA requirements. 

Regulation of Medical Devices in South Africa 

In South Africa, medical device manufacturing is regulated
by the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority SAHPRA ), with guidelines published in the Government Gazette
No. 40480 in 2016, which refer to licensing of medical devices establishments and the registration required to ensure an acceptable level
of safety, quality, and performance. DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited is registered with SAHPRA and possesses the above-described licenses
and registrations for all our products. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Federal, State, and Foreign Fraud and
Abuse and Physician Payment Transparency Laws. 

In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion
of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws may restrict our business practices if our products will be reimbursable under federal
healthcare programs. These laws include, without limitation, foreign, federal, and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, as well
as transparency laws regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among
other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate),
directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging
for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare,
Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. 

Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may
result in civil monetary penalties up to 100,000 for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved. Civil penalties
for such conduct can further be assessed under the federal False Claims Act. Violations can also result in criminal penalties, including
criminal fines of up to 100,000 and imprisonment of up to 10 years. Similarly, violations can result in exclusion from participation
in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Liability under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may also arise because
of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. 

The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among
other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval
to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or
fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented
to the U.S. government. The federal civil False Claims Act also applies to false submissions that cause the government to be paid less
than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under the federal
civil False Claims Act. 

In addition, private parties may initiate qui
tam whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the federal civil False Claims Act in the name of the government
and share in the proceeds of the lawsuit. Penalties for federal civil False Claim Act violations include fines for each false claim, plus
up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the federal government and, most critically, may provide the basis for exclusion
from the federally funded healthcare program The criminal False Claims Act prohibits the making or presenting of a claim to the government
knowing such claim to be false, fictitious or fraudulent and, unlike the federal civil False Claims Act, requires proof of intent to submit
a false claim. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal civil False Claims Act, the government may impose civil fines
and penalties ranging from 11,181 to 22,363 for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity from participation in
Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs. 

The Civil Monetary Penalty Act of 1981 imposes penalties
against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal
healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent,
or offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence
the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier. 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996 HIPAA also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit among other actions, knowingly and willfully
executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly
and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare
offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious
or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order
to have committed a violation. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Many foreign countries have similar laws relating
to healthcare fraud and abuse. Foreign laws and regulations may vary greatly from country to country. For example, the advertising and
promotion of our products is subject to E.U. directives concerning misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices,
as well as other EEA Member State legislation governing the advertising and promotion of medical devices. These laws may limit or restrict
the advertising and promotion of our products to the general public and may impose limitations on our promotional activities with healthcare
professionals. Also, many U.S. states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that may be broader in scope and may apply
regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs. 

Data Privacy and Security Laws . 

In the future, we may also be subject to various federal,
state, and foreign laws that protect personal information including certain patient health information, such as the E.U. General Data
Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), and restrict the use and disclosure
of patient health information, such as HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ),
in the U.S. 

HIPAA established uniform standards governing the
conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and requires certain entities, called covered entities, to comply with standards
that include the privacy and security of Protected Health Information PHI ). HIPAA also requires business associates, such
as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that have access to PHI in connection with providing a service to or on behalf
of a covered entity, of covered entities to enter into business associate agreements with the covered entity and to safeguard the covered
entity s PHI against improper use and disclosure. 

The HIPAA privacy regulations cover the use and disclosure
of PHI by covered entities as well as business associates, which are defined to include subcontractors that create, receive, maintain,
or transmit PHI on behalf of a business associate. They also set forth certain rights that an individual has with respect to his or her
PHI maintained by a covered entity, including the right to access or amend certain records containing PHI, or to request restrictions
on the use or disclosure of PHI. The security regulations establish requirements for safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of PHI that is electronically transmitted or electronically stored. HITECH, among other things, established certain
health information security breach notification requirements. A covered entity must notify any individual whose PHI is breached according
to the specifications set forth in the breach notification rule. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations establish a uniform federal
 floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent or provide individuals with greater rights with respect to
the privacy or security of, and access to, their records containing PHI or insofar as such state laws apply to personal information that
is broader in scope than PHI as defined under HIPAA. 

HIPAA requires the notification of patients, and other
compliance actions, in the event of a breach of unsecured PHI. If notification to patients of a breach is required, such notification
must be provided without unreasonable delay and in no event later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. In addition, if
the PHI of 500 or more individuals is improperly used or disclosed, we would be required to report the improper use or disclosure to HHS
which would post the violation on its website, and to the media. Failure to comply with the HIPAA privacy and security standards can result
in civil monetary penalties up to 58,490 per violation, not to exceed 1.75 million per calendar year for non-compliance of an identical
provision, and, in certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000 per violation and/or imprisonment. 

HIPAA authorizes state attorneys general to file suit
on behalf of their residents for violations. Courts are able to award damages, costs and attorneys fees related to violations of
HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to file suit against us in civil court
for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care cases in state civil suits such as those for negligence
or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits
of HIPAA covered entities, and their business associates for compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security standards. It also tasks HHS
with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage
of the civil monetary penalty paid by the violator. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, California enacted the CCPA, effective
January 1, 2020, which, among other things, creates new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights
to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The CCPA also creates a private right
of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Although
the law includes limited exceptions, including for protected health information maintained by a covered entity or business
associate, it may regulate or impact our processing of personal information depending on the context. 

In the EEA, we may become subject to laws which restrict
our collection, control, processing, and other use of personal data (i.e. data relating to an identifiable living individual) including
the GDPR (and any national laws implementing the GDPR). As part of our operations, we process personal data belonging to data subjects
in the EEA, including employees, contractors, suppliers, distributors, service providers, customers, patients, or clinical trial participants.
For patients or clinical trial participants, we process special categories of personal data like health and medical information. We need
to ensure compliance with the GDPR (and any applicable national laws implementing the GDPR) in each applicable EEA jurisdiction. 

Healthcare Reform. 

The U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions are considering
or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability
to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting
changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. Current and
future legislative proposals to further reform healthcare or reduce healthcare costs may limit coverage of or lower reimbursement for
the procedures associated with the use of our products. The cost containment measures that payors and providers are instituting and the
effect of any healthcare reform initiative implemented in the future could impact our revenue from the sale of our products. 

We expect additional state and federal healthcare
reform measures to be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare
products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. 

Our Key Products 

Medinotec s
innovative surgical and healthcare products are market leaders and meet high quality standards. These are as follows with the Trachealator
being one of our most sought-after and innovative offerings. 

The Trachealator 

The Trachealator has changed the way that tracheal,
and, to a degree, bronchial stenosis is managed in extremely ill patients. While there are multiple causes of tracheal stenosis, it is
es timated that thousands of cases are reported every year. Multiple, safe, serial dilations of the trachea
are often curative and the Trachealator is currently in our opinion as management the only device that is non-occlusive and which allows
the procedure to be done with the patient fully awake and un-sedated. 

The Trachealator received its CE Mark in 2019 and is currently sold in 14 markets across Europe, Middle East, South America and portions
of Asia and has been used successfully on thousands of patients. The FDA approval through the 510(k) substantially equivalence process
for Class II medical devices was obtained in November 2021. In May of 2021 in recognition of the technology advancement in the device,
it was awarded a Gold Medal in the Medical Design Excellence Awards. 

The Trachealator received
the CE Mark of approval by a European notifying body (DEKRA). CE Marking is a qualification mandatory for any product to be sold in countries
of the European Union. 

The USA recognizes only an FDA approval to accept
products in its market a 510(k) accreditation that was obtained in November 2021 for the Trachealator. 

From prior experience,
an FDA certificate and CE Mark are widely accepted by other countries in the world as a valid accreditation for entry into their markets;
however, the medical device approval process differs for each country and territory in the world and each may have additional requirements
over and above CE mark and FDA accreditation, or may even require their own quality standards. Since the business plan is drafted mainly
around the USA and European markets the CE marking and planned future FDA submissions, entry into other markets will only be investigated
if the expected launch of our p roduct candidates do not commercialize in the United States and Europe and each entry will be assessed
on its own merits and requirements. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

For example, Australia, Japan and China have
their own quality accreditation systems (TGF, JIS CFDA respectively) and do not accept CE marking and/or an FDA certificate. 

Fig. 2: The Trachealator. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

The Cape Cross PTCA Catheter 

Medinotec Group of Companies also designed
and developed a range of semi-compliant coronary PTCA balloon catheters known as the Cape Cross, which attained a CE Mark and are marketed
around the world and in South Africa, becoming a widely used interventional balloons in the market. 

 A PTCA balloon catheter (also
known as a Plain Old Balloon Angioplasty [ POBA ] catheter) is inserted either from the groin or the arm and threaded through
the blood vessels, through the aorta into the heart. The cardiac surgeon and/or interventional cardiologist will move the catheter to
the blocked artery (plaque). The balloon part of the catheter is inflated to open the blockage in the artery, after which the balloon
is deflated, and the entire catheter withdrawn and removed. If this procedure is not effective enough to open the artery, a coronary stent
will be placed inside the diseased area of the artery. 

Fig. 3. The Cape Cross PTCA Catheter. 

Cape Cross Non-Compliant NC Catheter 

On the back of the Cape Cross,
the Cape Cross NC Catheter was developed for post dilation purposes. The product has become a mainstay of our cardiology range. It is
CE Marked and widely used in South Africa. After a stent is placed in an artery, it is followed up by moving a NC catheter to the site
where the stent was placed. The NC catheter balloon part is then inflated inside the stent. This is done to seat the stent
inside the artery wall. In other words, if the stent was not optimally placed, the NC Catheter can be used to make the stent fit snugly 
against the artery wall to avoid dislodgement and movement of the stent after placement. 

Fig. 4. The Cape Cross Non-Compliant NC Catheter. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

The Lamprey Suction Dissector 

The Lamprey Suction Dissector is a surgical
tool used in the fields of neurosurgery, ENT surgery and general surgery to combine the processes of suctioning blood out of the surgeon s
field of view while dissecting sensitive structures simultaneously without having to change instruments. It is both a precision and time
saving device, which has received the CE Mark. 

The Lamprey works where the suction
is connected to the back of the device when used during surgical procedures. During removal of extra tissue/tumors, etc. it is used to
remove the blood from the site as well as any additional pieces of tissue/blood clots/debris etc. Inside the mesh tip at the front end
of the device are fingers which facilitate the quick removal of debris through the handle to ensure that the canal remains
open and free flowing. The device is currently undergoing more user-specific testing. 

Fig. 5. The Lamprey Suction Dissector. 

Aortic Perfusion and Dilation Catheter
(Developmental) 

 The Aortic Perfusion and Dilation Catheter
is a non-occlusive perfusion balloon to allow the expansion of the aortic valve without impeding the cardiac output. It is currently in
the mid stages of research and development. This catheter could potentially be used to post dilate the artificial valve in TAVI without
the need for pacing. We anticipate the commencement of human during the 2023/2024 financial year. 

 The Micro CTO Catheter (Developmental) 

We have started developing a highly specific
niche CTO catheter balloon of 1mm diameter in diameter, which is expected to be launched during the 2023 financial year. This micro-balloon
catheter addresses an extremely specific market need for difficult coronary cases and will further cement our position as one of the
premier specialized coronary balloon catheter manufacturers. 

 The Tracheal Stent (Developmental) 

 We are currently in the initial
stages of development of a new self-expanding, temporary, silicone tracheal stent to be used in conjunction with the Trachealator balloon
in the treatment of tracheal stenosis. The complimentary nature of this product will further build on our know how in the field of advanced
airway management, and we look forward to its further design and testing over the upcoming months. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Product
Development Pipeline 

The following distinct and finite developmental
phases / stages are applicable to all our product pipeline, namely: 

1) 
 R D 

2) 
 Pre-production prototyping 

3) 
 Testing 

4) 
 Production 

5) 
 Clinical trials 

6) 
 MDR/CE Mark accreditation 

7) 
 Local marketing selling 

8) 
 International sales outside the US 

9) 
 FDA 510 (k) approval 

10) 
 
 Sales to the United States. 

The products described have reached
the following stages: 

Trachealator: 
 
 The only outstanding phase is the commencement of material sales into the
 United States. All the necessary preparations have been made (e.g., renting offices, hiring sales and admin staff) and it is therefore
 envisaged that sales will begin once all paperwork and compliance matters are addressed. While unlocking the United States of America
 as a commercial market for the product various Compliance documents and customer registration were completed, these customers are performing
 their own in-house clinical overviews of the product. 

Cape Cross PTCA Catheter: 
 
 FDA 510(k) approval still needs to be obtained. 

Cape Cross NC Catheter: 
 
 FDA 510(k) approval still needs to be obtained. 

Lamprey Suction Dissector: 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Production, Clinical Trials, and CE Marking have all been completed. Commercialization of this product have been paused in order to prioritize other products with better commercial prospects. 

Aortic Perfusion Dilatation Catheter: 
 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Testing, Production,
 Clinical Trials, Application for MDR CE Mark Accreditation has been submitted. 

Micro CTO Catheter: 
 R D, Testing, Pre-Production Prototyping, Clinical Trials commenced 

Tracheal Stent: 
 R D 

Medinotec Inc. was formed
in Nevada and is at the moment a holding company, but it is expected to facilitate the sales of all products in the United States directly
in the near future. Therefore, over time, as we implement our business plan and realize commercial operations in the United States, we
believe Medinotec Inc. will become the primary operating company within the Medinotec Group of Companies and the South African DISA Medinotec
Proprietary Limited will be the manufacturing platform for the operations in the United States and other countries. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property 

Medinotec Group of Companies currently holds various
product registration certificates and operating licenses, which allow us to operate as an importer of raw materials for the manufacture
of medical devices and an exporter and distributor of these products within the territories we service. We also hold various patents,
trademarks, and other intangible proprietary rights that are considered material to the business and its ability to compete effectively
with other companies. 

Medinotec Group of Companies pursues a policy of obtaining
patent protection in the US, China, Europe, Middle East, South America and Australia for patentable subject matter in our products and
attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available to develop an effective patent strategy.
This assists in avoiding the infringement of third-party patents, helps identify licensing opportunities and monitors the patent claims
of others. 

Due to the Trachealator being fairly new, patent applications
for the Trachealator have been filed in the following countries or regions: USA, European Union, Canada, China, Australia, Brazil, Korea
and South Africa. All other products are either not novel enough to file a patent or not yet developed far enough to start filling processes. 

 The status of these applications is listed below: 

1) 
 USA: 
 Examination is expected by the end of 2022 Application number: 16/860.596 

2) 
 European Union: 
 An examination report is expected by the end of the Second quarter of 2022 Application Number: 18903920.0 

3) 
 Canada: 
 Examination has been demanded and is expected by the October2022 Application number: 3086610 

4) 
 China: 
 Examination of formalities was conducted successfully in April 2022. Substantive examination is now awaited Application number 2018800865582 

5) 
 Australia: 
 Direction to request examination is expected early 2023 Application number: 2018406682 

6) 
 South Aica: 
 Patent has been awarded in June 2022. Application number: 2020 / 02618 

No patents have been licensed from third parties. 

Trade Secrets 

With respect to some of our products, Medinotec Group
of Companies rely principally on trade secrets, rather than patents, to protect proprietary processes, methods, documentation and other
technologies, as well as certain other business information. 

Although Medinotec Group of Companies seek patents
from time to time as discussed above, patent protection for other industrial and specialty products requires a costly federal registration
process with an uncertain outcome that would place confidential information in the public domain. 

Medinotec Group of Companies also rely on trade secrets,
expertise, continuing technological innovations, and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position.
We strive to protect our trade secrets indefinitely through the use of confidentiality agreements and other security measures, understanding
that these efforts may prove to be ineffective. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Research and Development 

All R D is conducted within the Medinotec Group
of Companies, which employs the necessary engineers, and technical and support personnel. The in-house technical expertise includes biomedical
engineering and product design. The R D team focuses primarily on developing new products and supporting existing products. 

Condition of Physical Assets and Insurance 

Parts of the Medinotec Group of Companies are capital
intensive and require ongoing capital investment for the replacement, modernization and/or expansion of equipment and facilities. We therefore
maintain insurance policies against property loss and business interruption and insure against other risks that are typical in the operation
of the business, in amounts that we believe to be reasonable. Where costs are deemed to be commercially unviable, we self-insure. Such
insurance, however, contains exclusions and limitations on coverage, particularly with respect to environmental liability and political
risk. There can thus be no assurance that claims would be paid under such insurance policies in connection with a particular event. 

Primary Customers 

 Medinotec Group of Companies primary customers include
hospitals, clinics, third-party healthcare providers, distributors, and other institutions, including governmental healthcare programs
and group purchasing organizations GPOs ). We also benefit from strong and long-standing relationships with customers in
each of the industrial and specialty products end-markets we serve. 

Third Party Coverage and Reimbursement 

Healthcare providers that purchase medical devices
generally rely on third-party payors, including private payors, such as indemnity insurers, employer group health insurance programs and
managed care plans, to reimburse all or part of the cost of the products. As a result, demand for our products is and will continue to
be dependent in part on the coverage and reimbursement policies of these payors. 

The manner in which reimbursement is sought and obtained
varies based upon the type of payor involved and the setting in which the product is furnished and utilized. Reimbursement from Medicare,
Medicaid and other third-party payors may be subject to periodic adjustments as a result of legislative, regulatory and policy changes,
as well as budgetary pressures. 

Possible reductions in, or eliminations of, coverage
or reimbursement by third-party payors, or denial of, or provision of uneconomical reimbursement for new products may affect our customers 
revenue and ability to purchase our products. Any changes in the healthcare regulatory, payment or enforcement landscape relative to our
customers healthcare services have the potential to significantly affect our operations and revenue. 

Additional Information 

The public may read and copy any materials the Company
files with the SEC in the SEC s Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain
information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the SEC on 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an
Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

You should carefully consider the risks described
below together with all of the other information included in this registration statement before making an investment decision with regard
to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking
statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed.
In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition to other information in this registration statement and in other
filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our
business as they may have a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be
considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends
in future periods. 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors , that represent challenges that we face in connection with
the successful implementation of our strategy. Any investment in the business at its current stage can be deemed to be extremely speculative
in nature. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, 
alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition
and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

Risks Related to our Financial Position and Need
for Capital 

The Medinotec Group of Companies substantial leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect the business. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies may need additional financing any limitation on our ability to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies research and development efforts rely upon investments and investment collaborations, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards or practices or existing taxation rules or practices may cause adverse or unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect the reported results of operations within The Medinotec Group of companies. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Covid-19 has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect on the Medinotec Group of Companies, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, the nature and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on revenues and results of operations of the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

Healthcare industry cost-containment measures could result in reduced sales of the Medinotec Group of Companies medical devices and medical device components. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The continuing development of many of our products and offerings depends on our maintaining strong relationships with healthcare professionals, and these professionals are external to the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

Products in the development pipeline of The Medinotec Group of Companies may not come to market or fail to commercialize. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies operate in a highly competitive industry and may be unable to compete effectively. 

Failure of the Medinotec Group of Companies to integrate acquired businesses
into operations successfully, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses, could adversely affect the business
agreements and contracts entered into with partners and other third parties may not be successful. 

Reduction or interruption in supply or other manufacturing difficulties may adversely affect operations and related product sales within the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies fails to manage any expansion or acquisition, the business could be impaired. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies rely on the proper function, security and availability of our IT systems and data to operate the business, and a breach, cyber-attack or other disruption to these systems or data could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation, or competitive position. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies business model is concentrated around developing countries with higher growth rates, although this model also causes forex risk exposure which may cause adverse or unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect the reported results of operations. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies operate in countries where the market is dominated by certain players, and this creates a sales concentration risk which also causes an accounts receivable concentration risk. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies insurance program may not be adequate to cover future losses. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and line extensions, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which are very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in a commercially viable product. 

Risks Related to Management, Personnel and Control
Persons 

The Medinotec Group of Companies depends on our senior management personnel and may not be able to retain or replace these individuals or recruit additional personnel, which could harm our business. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies are unable to find, train and retain key personnel, including new showroom employees that reflect our brand image and embody our culture, we may not be able to grow or sustain our operations. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies largest shareholder, officer and director, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis, has substantial control over us and our policies and will be able to influence corporate matters. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies officers and directors are located outside of the U.S., so it will be difficult to effect service of process and enforcement of legal judgments upon our officers and directors. 

The Medinotec Group of companies officers and directors have limited experience managing a public company. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Risk Associated With Legal and Regulatory Matters 

The Medinotec Group of Companies are subject to extensive medical device regulation that may impede or hinder the approval process for our products and, in some cases, may not ultimately result in approval or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. 

Healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies is subject to environmental laws and regulations and the risk of environmental liabilities, violations and litigation. 

Claims made against the Medinotec Group of Companies from time to time can result in litigation that could distract management from our business activities and result in significant liability or damage to our brand. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies failure to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement of healthcare goods and services may subject it to penalties and adversely impact its reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights effectively. 

Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could also compromise sensitive information related to the business, preventing it from accessing critical information or expose us to liability, which could adversely affect the business and reputation. 

Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on the Medinotec Group of Companies, the results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

The failure to comply with anti-corruption laws could materially adversely affect the Medinotec Group of Companies and result in civil and/or criminal sanctions. 

Laws and regulations governing international business operations could adversely impact the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

As an Emerging Growth Company under the Jobs Act, the Medinotec Group of Companies are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosures requirements. 

Risks Associated with Political Instability and
Regional Issues 

South Africa Specific Risk of stable power supply 

South Africa Specific Risk of Political instability may affect the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to operate effectively. 

South Africa Specific Risk that BEE requirements may restrict growth opportunities and limit the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to attract key talent. 

South Africa Specific Risk that potential damage to property caused by riots and protests may impact the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to operate. 

South Africa Specific Risk that South African authorities may disallow or delay a transfer of funds from South Africa to the United States 

South Africa Specific Risk of Being Grey listed by the FATF- Financial Action Task Force 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies undertakes future offerings of our common stock, shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership percentage. 

If a market for the Medinotec Group of Companies' common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies common stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price. 

which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

If securities analysts do not initiate coverage or continue to cover the Common Stock or publish unfavorable research or reports about the business, this may have a negative impact on the market price of the Common Stock of the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

Because we will be subject to the Penny Stock rules once our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, the level of trading activity in the Medinotec Group of Companies stock may be reduced. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies issues shares of preferred stock with superior rights than the common stock registered in this prospectus, it could result in a decrease in the value of our common stock and delay or prevent a change in control of us. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies does not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against the Medinotec Group of companies directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Risks Related to Financial Condition 

The Medinotec Group of Companies substantial
leverage and debt service obligations could adversely affect the business. 

As of February 28, 2023, the consolidated Medinotec
Group of Companies had approximately 71,311 of current debt obligations and 1,863,066 of long-term debt outstanding. 

 The long-term debt is an unsecured loan from
the related party Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited, which was the prior shareholder of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited. During the
Covid challenges interest on the loan was waived due to the loan being classified as an equity investment at that stage. The Medinotec
Group of Companies has a period of 3 years post any Initial Public Offer IPO date to repay the loan, during these 3 years
the loan will carry interest at the prevailing prime lending rate of the time. The prevailing prime lending rate as of February 28, 2023,
in South Africa is 10.75 . 

 The interest charged for the year ended
February 28, 2023 for the consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies was 178,584 and a 1 movement in the interest rates constitutes
a value of 16,612 on an annual basis. 

 From time to time the Group utilized trade
finance to assist with funding of orders for raw materials with longer lead and shipping times the interest spent on trade finance for
the year ended February 28, 2023 for the consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies was 48,230 and 13,209 for the year ended February
28, 2022. Trade Finance carries a charge of prime plus 1 therefore 11.75 at February 28, 2023 a 1 movement would equate to 4,104 for
the year ending February 28, 2023. Trade finance is use specific and linked to inventory ordering therefore no forecast will be disclosed
for an expected change in annual utilization and the quarter and six-month sensitivity adjustments are disclosed on the current orders
financed by trade finance at the time. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

As of February 28, 2023, the related party
loan for the consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies had a balance of 1,863,066with an estimated interest charge of 178,584 per annum
at the prevailing prime interest rate of 10.75 at that date. A 1 movement in the interest rates constitutes a value of 16,612. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies has
the option to settle earlier, and settlement can be in cash or shares. It is currently the intention of management to settle the loan
in equity at some point in the future, since the agreement allows the Medinotec Group Companies to settle the amounts either in equity
or in cash. Therefore, the impact on cashflow would be zero. 

 If we elect to settle the loan in cash: Cash
reserves available in February 2023 in the Consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies were 2,827,457 and the loan account outstanding
at the same time was 1,863,066. Therefore, if settled today it would constitute 66 of available cash. Since we are not cash generative
at the moment, we would not be able to settle the loan by using operational generated cashflows. 

The interest
rate chargeable is a guideline determined by the South African Reserve Bank and gets utilized by financial institutions to determine the
financial gain they may derive from a loan. The Prime rate is therefore at arm s length and justifiable rate that can be applied
to a loan within the borders of the Republic of South Africa and therefore complies with the arm s length definitions in ASC
850-10-50-6. 

We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future.
This could have adverse consequences, including the following: 

making it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations; 

increasing vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors that are less leveraged; 

limiting the ability to compete and flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industry in which we operate; 

limiting the ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 

exposing us to greater interest rate risk since the interest rate on floating rate borrowings is variable. 

Our debt service obligations require us to use a portion
of the operating cash flow to pay interest and principal on indebtedness instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding the
future expansion of the business, acquisitions, and ongoing capital expenditures, which could impede growth. If operating cash flow and
capital resources are insufficient to service debt obligations, we may be forced to sell assets, seek additional equity or debt financing
or to restructure our debt, which could harm long-term business prospects. 

Our failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness
could also result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of its debt. If this occurs,
we may lose all of our assets and go out of business. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

The Medinotec Group of Companies may need additional
financing any limitation on our ability to obtain such additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our expansion plans may require additional capital
and we may need capital to operate our business in response to circumstances caused by the risks in conducting business in this industry.
The raising of additional capital could result in dilution to stockholders. In addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to
obtain additional capital if we need it, or that if available, it will be available to us on favorable or reasonable terms. Any limitation
on our ability to obtain additional capital as and when needed could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies research and
development efforts rely upon investments and investment collaborations, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments
or investment collaborations will be successful. 

Our mission is to provide a broad range of products
to restore patients to fuller, healthier lives, which requires a wide variety of technologies, products and capabilities. The rapid pace
of technological development in the medical industry and the specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult
for one company alone to develop a broad portfolio of technological solution. 

In addition to internally generated growth through
our research and development efforts, historically we have relied on, and expect to continue to rely on, investments and investment collaborations
to provide us with access to new technologies both in areas served by our existing businesses as well as in new areas. 

We expect to make future investments where we believe
that we can stimulate the development or acquisition of new technologies and products to further strategic objectives and strengthen our
existing businesses. Investments and investment collaborations in and with medical technology companies are inherently risky, and we cannot
guarantee that any of our previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful or will not materially adversely
affect the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Future changes in financial accounting standards
or practices or existing taxation rules or practices may cause adverse or unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect the reported results
of operations within The Medinotec Group of companies. 

A change in accounting standards or practices or a
change in existing taxation rules or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting
of transactions completed before the change is effective. This also applies to new standards, practices and rules. 

Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current
practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. The fact that we operate in multiple
territories and have worldwide footprint heightens this risk in specific territories. 

Risks Relating to Business Operations 

Covid-19 has had, and is expected to continue
to have, an adverse effect on the Medinotec Group of Companies, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, the nature
and extent of which are highly uncertain and unpredictable. 

Our operations and interactions with healthcare systems,
providers and patients around the world expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics such
as Covid-19. In particular, the continuing global spread of Covid-19, including corresponding preventative and precautionary measures
that we and other businesses, communities and governments are taking to mitigate the spread of the disease, has led to unprecedented restrictions
on, disruptions in, and other related impacts on business and personal activities. 

In addition to travel restrictions put in place in
early 2020, countries, states and governments may continue to close borders, impose prolonged quarantines or other restrictions and requirements
on travel. This will further limit the ability to conduct business in-person, requiring businesses to continue to use alternative methods
of communication. It is also likely the pandemic will cause an economic slowdown of potentially extended duration, and even a global recession. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Together with the preventative and precautionary measures
being taken, as well as the corresponding need to adapt to new and different methods of communicating and conducting business, Covid-19
is having, and is likely to continue to have, an adverse impact on significant aspects of us, including on demand for and supply of products,
operations, supply chains and distribution systems. Our strategic investment partners ability to research and develop and bring
to market new products and services, and our ability to generate cash flow, are being impacted. 

Also, as hospital systems continue to prioritize treatment
of Covid-19 patients and otherwise comply with government guidelines, certain medical procedures have been suspended or postponed in many
of the markets where our products are marketed and sold, which has caused a decrease in the sales of these products. It is not possible
to predict the timing of a broad resumption of deferrable medical procedures or to which extent individuals and hospital systems continue
to de-prioritize, delay or cancel these procedures. It is also not possible to determine if unemployment or loss of insurance coverage
will adversely impact on people s ability to pay for our products and services. Both circumstances continue to negatively affect
the business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

The pandemic is also placing strain on healthcare
systems and hospitals around the world, resulting in adverse financial impacts on those systems, which could result in reduced future
expenditure on capital equipment, including our products and services. It could also disrupt product launches of our new products. 

Furthermore, a significant number of our suppliers,
vendors, distributors and manufacturing facilities have been adversely affected by the Covid-19 pandemic. This includes a negative impact
on the ability of their employees to get to their places of work and maintain the continuity of their on-site operations. This could impair
our ability to move products through distribution channels to our end customers. Any such delay or shortage in the supply of components
or materials may result in our inability to satisfy consumer demand for our products in a timely manner or at all, which in turn could
harm our reputation, future sales and profitability. 

Covid-19 has impacted and may further impact the economy
and capital markets. This includes the negative impact on access to capital markets (including the commercial paper market), foreign currency
exchange rates, and interest rates, each of which may adversely impact the business and its liquidity. We could experience loss of sales
and profits due to delayed payments or insolvency of healthcare professionals, hospitals and other customers, suppliers and vendors facing
liquidity issues. As a result, we may be compelled to take additional measures to preserve our cash flow. 

In addition, Covid-19 could adversely impact our ability
to retain key employees and to ensure the continued service and availability of skilled personnel necessary to run our complex production
processes and operations. This includes executive officers and other members of the management team. It could also impact the ability
of third-party suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and vendors to retain their key employees. 

To the extent that our management or other personnel
are impacted in significant numbers by Covid-19 and are not available to perform their job duties, we could experience delays in, or the
suspension of, manufacturing operations, research and product development activities, regulatory work streams, clinical development programs
and other important commercial functions. While the impact of Covid-19 has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse effect
on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, the nature and extent of such impact remains uncertain and
highly unpredictable. 

Consolidation in the healthcare industry could
have an adverse effect on revenues and results of operations of the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

Many healthcare companies, including healthcare systems,
distributors, manufacturers, providers, and insurers, are consolidating or have formed strategic alliances. As the healthcare industry
consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants will become more intense. Further, this consolidation
creates larger enterprises with greater negotiating power, which they can use to negotiate price concessions. If we must reduce our prices
because of industry consolidation, or if we lose customers as a result of consolidation, the business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Healthcare industry cost-containment measures
could result in reduced sales of the Medinotec Group of Companies medical devices and medical device components. 

Most of our customers and the healthcare providers
to whom our customers supply medical devices, rely on third-party payers, including government programs and private health insurance plans,
to reimburse some or all of the cost of the procedures in which medical devices that incorporate components our manufacture or assemble
are used. 

The continuing efforts of governmental authorities,
insurance companies and other payers of healthcare costs to contain or reduce these costs could lead to patients being unable to obtain
approval for payment from these third-party payers. 

If third-party payer payment approval cannot be obtained
by patients, sales of finished medical devices that include our components may decline significantly and our customers may reduce or eliminate
purchases of these components. 

 The cost-containment measures that healthcare providers
are instituting, both in the US and outside of the US could harm our ability to operate profitably. 

The continuing development of many of our products
and offerings depends on our maintaining strong relationships with healthcare professionals, and these professionals are external to the
Medinotec Group of Companies. 

If we fail to maintain our working relationships with
healthcare professionals, many of our products may not be launched and marketed in line with the needs and expectations of the professionals
who use and support our products, which could cause a decline in earnings and profitability. 

The research, development, marketing and sale of many
of our new products depends on our maintaining working relationships with healthcare professionals, relying on them to provide considerable
knowledge and experience regarding the development, marketing and sale of products. Physicians assist us as researchers, product consultants,
inventors and public speakers. 

Any failure to maintain these relationships and expand
our network to include new professionals in the territories we enter will have a negative impact on our financial success. In addition,
as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, our access to these professionals has been limited, and travel restrictions, shutdowns and similar
measures have impacted the ability to maintain these relationships, thereby affecting the ability to develop, market and sell new and
improved products. 

Products in the development pipeline of The
Medinotec Group of Companies may not come to market or fail to commercialize. 

We will, at any time, have several innovative products
in the R D phase. However, some of these projects may fail to come to market of reach commercialize for a number of reasons, which
could include competitors releasing a similar product at the same time, a lack of viability in terms of production costs or projected
sales, or low/no acceptance in the market, failures on safety and efficacy measures, among other factors. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies operate in
a highly competitive industry and may be unable to compete effectively. 

We compete in medical markets throughout the world,
which are characterized by rapid changes resulting from technological advances and scientific discoveries. In the product lines in which
we compete, we face competition ranging from large companies with multiple business lines to small, specialized manufacturers that offer
a limited selection of niche products. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes, technologies, or the introduction
of reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection may make existing or planned products
less competitive. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

We believe our ability to compete depends upon many
factors both within and beyond our control, including: product performance and reliability, product technology and innovation, product
quality and safety, breadth of product lines, product support services, customer support, cost-effectiveness and price, reimbursement
approval from healthcare insurance providers, and changes to the regulatory environment. 

Competition may increase as additional companies enter
our markets or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies
and other public and private research organizations also may conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements
for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of similar products. 

These companies and institutions compete with us in
recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. From time
to time we have lost, and may in the future lose, market share in connection with product problems, physician advisories, safety alerts
and publications about our products, which highlights the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems to the business. 

In the current environment of managed care, consolidation
among healthcare providers, increased competition, and declining reimbursement rates, we have been increasingly required to compete on
the basis of price. Further, our continued growth and success depend on our ability to develop, acquire and market new and differentiated
products, technologies and intellectual property. As a result, we also face competition for marketing, distribution, and collaborative
development agreements, establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and licenses to intellectual property. 

In order to continue to compete effectively, we must
continue to create, invest in or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into its proprietary products, obtain regulatory
approvals in a timely manner, and manufacture and successfully market our products. Given these factors, we cannot guarantee that we will
be able to compete effectively or continue its current level of success. 

Reduction or interruption in supply or
other manufacturing difficulties may adversely affect operations and related product sales within the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

The supply of products requires timely delivery and
exact planning due to most of our raw material either being manufactured by suppliers or imported. These suppliers/strategic partners
require a sufficient amount of quality components and materials and is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. 

We have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies
of such finished goods, raw materials, components, and services. However, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability,
certain components, raw materials, goods and services needed to fill our supply chain are obtained from various sole suppliers. 

Although we work closely with our suppliers to ensure
continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability, the supply of these goods, components, raw materials and services
may be interrupted or insufficient. In addition, due to the stringent regulations and requirements of regulatory agencies, regarding the
manufacture and import/export of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources. In addition,
a reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability
to supply products in a timely or cost-effective manner and could result in lost sales. 

Other disruptions in the supply chain process or product
sales and fulfilment systems for any reason, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, supplier
facility shut-downs, defective raw materials, wars and conflict, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes or wildfires, property
damage from riots, and other environmental factors and the impact of epidemics or pandemics, such as Covid-19, and actions by businesses,
communities and governments in response, could lead to launch delays, product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage
to our reputation. For example, in the past we have experienced an information technology IT systems interruption that
affected our customer ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes, and is currently adversely impacted by the global Covid-19
pandemic. Furthermore, any failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to customers could
result in quality or safety issues. 

These disruptions are exacerbated by global economic
uncertainty and heightened geopolitical tensions, such as those in involved in the Russian war on Ukraine, between the United States and
China as well as Brexit, which can also have an impact on several factors influencing prices, exchange rates, and interest rates, all
of which can affect our business in turn. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, several key components are manufactured
or sterilized at a particular facility, with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs that results in damage to or closure of
one or more of such facilities, such as the damage caused by natural disasters, power outages, civil unrest and other factors, we may
be unable to manufacture or sterilize the relevant products at the previous levels or at all. Because of the time required to approve
and license a manufacturing or sterilization facility, a third-party may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity
in the event manufacturing or sterilization capacity is lost. 

In order to manage any supply chain risk, we have
identified key and crucial components in our manufacturing lines that we deem not to be readily available, and we have vetted 2-3 trusted
suppliers, which we believe mitigates the risk of becoming overly reliant on a specific supplier. Despite this precaution, there is no
assurances that we will be able to secure the materials needed if the event these sources are unable to fulfil orders. Any failure in
the supply chain would result in lack of inventory and the inability to sell product. For all other non-key materials, we find that these
are readily available from a variety of suppliers and therefore, the risk of sourcing them is minimal or non-existent. 

Failure of the Medinotec Group of Companies
to integrate acquired businesses into operations successfully, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses,
could adversely affect the business, agreements and contracts entered into with partners and other third parties may not be successful. 

As part of our strategy to develop and identify new
products and technologies, we have made significant investment in our in-house IP, and may make acquisitions in the future in an effort
to bolster both our IP and our product range. Integration of the operations of acquired businesses will require significant efforts, which
result in additional expenses and involve significant amounts of management s time that cannot then be dedicated to other projects. 

Failure to manage and coordinate the growth of acquired
companies successfully could also have an adverse impact on the business. Furthermore, acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be
subject to claims, litigation or investigations that were not anticipated , or which exceed estimates at the time of the acquisition. 

In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses
we acquire will become profitable or remain so. Factors that will affect the success of any acquisitions made by us include: 

the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies; 

the ability or inability to integrate IT systems of acquired companies in a secure and reliable manner; 

liabilities, claims, litigation, investigations or other adverse developments relating to acquired businesses or the business practices of acquired companies, including investigations by governmental entities, potential US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA or product liability claims or other unanticipated liabilities; 

any decrease in customer loyalty and product orders caused by dissatisfaction with the consolidated companies product lines and sales and marketing practices, including price increases; and 

the ability to retain key employees, and the ability to achieve synergies among acquired companies, such as increasing sales of the integrated company s products, achieving cost savings, and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. 

We could also experience negative effects on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset
impairment charges. These effects, individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of its credit rating and result in increased
borrowing costs and interest expense. 

We have in the past signed, and may pursue in the
future, agreements and contracts with third parties to assist our marketing, manufacturing, selling, and distribution efforts. The performance
of these partners and third parties cannot be guaranteed, and as such we cannot assure that any agreements or contracts entered into in
the future will be successful. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies fails to
manage any expansion or acquisition, the business could be impaired. 

We have a very ambitious acquisition strategy and
will rely on both organic growth and acquisitive growth to achieve our business goals. We may, therefore, in the future acquire one or
more technologies, products or companies that complement the business. We may not, however, be able to integrate these acquisitions effectively,
and any such acquisition could bring additional risks, exposures, and challenges to the business. 

Due to the nature of our strategic investments division,
this may result in acquisitions or joint operations where we do not have full control of the operations or business strategies. This may
lead to conflicts or legal matters with joint partners and other shareholders. In cases where we have control, conflicts may arise with
minority interests and these would need to be resolved in the legal jurisdiction in which they arise. Litigation and arbitration around
these topics can be costly and time consuming and be highly disruptive to the business. 

In addition, acquisitions may dilute our earnings
per share, disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses, subject us to liabilities, and
increase our risk of litigation, all of which could harm our business. If we use cash to acquire technologies, products, or companies,
such use may divert resources otherwise available for other purposes. If we use our common stock to acquire technologies, products, or
companies, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. If we fail to manage any expansions or acquisition, our business could
be impaired. 

Our future success will depend, in part, upon our
ability to manage our expanded business, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated
increased costs and complexity. If we are not able to continue the business combinations in an efficient and effective manner, the anticipated
benefits may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, and the value of our common stock may be affected
adversely. 

An inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated
benefits of acquisitions, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect upon our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies rely on the
proper function, security and availability of our IT systems and data to operate the business, and a breach, cyber-attack or other disruption
to these systems or data could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation,
or competitive position. 

We are increasingly dependent on sophisticated IT
systems to operate the business, including to process, transmit and store sensitive data, and many of our products and services include
integrated software and IT that collects data regarding patients or connects to its systems. 

Like other multi-national corporations, we could experience,
and in the past have experienced, attempted or actual interference with the integrity of, and interruptions to, our IT systems, as well
as data breaches, such as cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions, breakdowns, interference with the integrity of our products and data or
other significant disruptions. 

Furthermore, we rely on third-party vendors to supply
and/or support certain aspects of our IT systems. These third-party systems could also become vulnerable to cyber-attack, malicious intrusions,
breakdowns, interference, or other significant disruptions, and may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could
result in system disruption or compromise the information security of our own systems. 

In addition, we continue to grow in part through new
business acquisitions and, as a result, may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems, or difficulties or
other breakdowns or disruptions in connection with the integration of the acquisitions into its own IT systems. 

Our worldwide operations mean that we are subject
to laws and regulations, including data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. Any data security breaches,
cyber-attacks, malicious intrusions or significant disruptions could result in actions by regulatory bodies and/or civil litigation, any
of which could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation or competitive
position. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, our IT systems require an ongoing commitment
of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes
in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information,
changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the IT needs associated with changing
products and services. 

There can be no assurance that the process of consolidating,
protecting, upgrading, and expanding systems and capabilities, continuing to build security into the design of products, and developing
new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology will be successful or that additional systems issues
will not arise in the future. Further, a greater number of employees are working remotely in response to the Covid-19 pandemic and related
government actions, which could expose us to greater risks related to cybersecurity and its IT systems. 

If our IT systems, products or services or sensitive
data are compromised, patients or employees could be exposed to financial or medical identity theft or suffer a loss of product functionality.
We could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud,
be exposed to the loss or misuse of confidential information, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other healthcare professionals,
suffer regulatory sanctions or penalties under federal laws, state laws, or the laws of other jurisdictions, experience increases in operating
expenses or an impairment in our ability to conduct operations, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach,
product failure, IT outages or disruptions, or suffer other adverse consequences including lawsuits or other legal action and damage to
reputation. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies business model
is concentrated around developing countries with higher growth rates, although this model also causes forex risk exposure which may cause
adverse or unexpected revenue fluctuations and affect the reported results of operations. 

Foreign exchange risk refers to the losses that an
international financial transaction may incur due to currency fluctuations. Also known as currency risk, FX risk and exchange-rate risk,
it describes the possibility that an investment s value may decrease due to changes in the relative value of the involved currencies.
Investors may experience jurisdiction risk in the form of foreign exchange risk. Foreign exchange risk arises when a company engages in
financial transactions denominated in a currency other than the currency where that company is based. Any appreciation/depreciation of
the base currency or the depreciation/appreciation of the denominated currency will affect the cash flows emanating from that transaction.
Foreign exchange risk can also affect investors, who trade in international markets, and businesses engaged in the import/export of products
or services to multiple countries. 

Our business of import/exports of raw materials and
goods exposes us to foreign exchange risk by having account payables and receivables affected by currency exchange rates. This risk originates
when a contract between us and our suppliers specifies exact prices for goods or services, as well as delivery dates. If a currency s
value fluctuates between when the contract is signed and the delivery date, it could cause a loss for one of the parties. 

Our business model is concentrated around developing
countries with higher growth rates causes greater exposure to forex risk which may cause adverse or unexpected revenue fluctuations and
affect the reported results of operations. Usually the attractive growth rates of these developing countries offsets the long term forex
implications of their volatile currencies. 

There are three types of foreign exchange risk that
we are exposed to: 

Transaction risk : This is the risk that we face when we are buying a product from a company located in another country. The price of the product will be denominated in the selling company's currency. If the selling company's currency were to appreciate versus the buying company's currency, then the company doing the buying will have to make a larger payment in its base currency to meet the contracted price. 

Translation risk : A parent company owning a subsidiary in another country could face losses when the subsidiary's financial statements, which will be denominated in that country's currency, have to be translated back to the parent company's currency. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Economic risk : Also called forecast risk, this refers to when market value is continuously impacted by an unavoidable exposure to currency fluctuations for example during the Covid-19 pandemic. 

We continually assess our foreign exchange risks and
implements varying strategies based on the current economic conditions to implement hedging strategies to mitigate that risk. This usually
involves forward contracts, options, and other exotic financial products that, if done properly, can protect us from unwanted foreign
exchange moves during periods of high volatility. We may also impose a strategy of not hedging due to the costs involved outweighing the
benefits. We then leave exposures unhedged until market conditions and costs justify proceeding with a hedging strategy into the future. 

The long-term strategy is to make certain strategic
investments that will generate revenue in first-world, stable currencies to offset the impacts of cost of sales imports in developing
currencies. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies operate in
countries where the market is dominated by certain players and this creates a sales concentration risk which also causes an accounts receivable
concentration risk. 

Accounts receivable concentration risk is the
level of revenue risk a portfolio holds as a result of relying on a small pool of customers. High customer concentration occurs when any
single customer accounts for 20 or more of revenue. Much like anything, there are benefits and risks associated with high customer concentration. 

 The Group has historical reliance on two related
parties for sales into South Africa: there is reliance on the DISA Vascular Distribution Proprietary limited t/a DISA Life Sciences s DISA Lifesciences as a customer; and for exports out of South Africa there was historical reliance on Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited Minoan Medical ). These relationships provide the Group with more than 100 sales representatives in the South African
Market. 

 The sales relationship with Minoan Medical
ceased to exist in FY 2022, when the Medinotec Group took the export functions in house. Any sales in the future between the two entities,
if any, will be on an ad hoc basis when opportunities arise. Disa Lifesciences is no longer considered a related party as of October 2022. 

 Sales between DISA Lifesciences and the Medinotec
Group will continue into the future due to the vast distribution arm of DISA Lifesciences within South Africa. The Medinotec Inc. Group s
expectation is to reduce reliance on the South African markets for customers and accounts as the Group endeavors to expand and enter into
international first world markets. However, there is no guarantee that our plan will result in a decrease in reliance on DISA Lifesciences
for customers and accounts. As with any expansion effort, there are barriers to entry and outside factors, such as regulatory approval,
competition, among others, that may prevent us from entering into such markets. As such, and there is a risk that the concentration of
customer issue will remain an ongoing issue unless we are successful in overcoming barriers to entry, competing with those in our markets
and achieving regulatory approvals, none of which can be guaranteed. 

 Set forth below is a
table showing material related party Company s sales for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 with DISA Life Sciences and
Minoan Medical: 

The Consolidated Medinotec Group 

Year
 ending February 28, 
 For
 the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 DISA Life Sciences 

Sales 
 335,786 
 525,558 
 
 Minoan Medical 

Sales 
 
 465,695 
 
 of sales made to related parties for the period 
 34 
 95 

Percentages were calculated as a percentage
of related party sales against total sales. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Please refer to the related parties and entities section
for a more detailed discussion on each function and the relationships involved as well as any arm s length disclosures. ASC
850-10-50-6 and ASC 850-10-50-5. 

 These relationships have the upside of: 

Developing long-term relationships with fewer large customers 

Less contractual agreements and overhead per dollar 

Greater focus on customer service and customer needs 

Work with large customers similarly to partners 

These relationships also pose the following risks
and downsides: 

Loss can devastate revenue, profit and cash flow 

Holds pricing and negotiating leverage, which can decrease revenue 

Diverts disproportionate amount of resources away from smaller customers 

Causes difficulty diversifying over time 

Can decrease the value of a company 

Due to the nature of the territories that we operate
in, it will be impossible to eliminate concentration risk. However, we do plan to diversify into a larger product basket and increase
our international footprint, either by growing operations into other territories or alternatively acquiring more business share in other
geographical territories. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies insurance program
may not be adequate to cover future losses. 

We have elected to combine a mix of self-insurance
and insured risks for most of the insurable risks across our company. We made this decision based on cost and availability factors in
the insurance marketplace. 

We continue to maintain a directors and officers liability
insurance policy with third-party insurers that provides coverage for our directors and officers. This policy also covers product liability
claims to a limited extent. We also maintain a detailed stock throughput policy to ensure inventory is ensured against losses and fire
risk. All other assets fall into the category of self-insurance. 

We continue to monitor the insurance marketplace to
evaluate the value of obtaining insurance coverage for other categories of losses in the future. Although we believe, based on historical
loss trends, that our self-insurance program accruals and existing insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future losses, historical
trends may not be indicative of future losses. 

The absence of sufficient third-party insurance coverage
for other categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and these losses could have a materially adverse impact
on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

The Medinotec Group of Companies future growth
is dependent upon the development of new products and line extensions, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials
and regulatory approvals, all of which are very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in a commercially viable product. 

In order to develop new products and improve current
product offerings through our strategic partnerships with other principals, we focus our research and development programs largely on
the development of, or obtaining the exclusive distribution rights to, next-generation and technology offerings across multiple programs
and opportunities. 

As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing
clearance from the respective countries regulators for new products, we and our strategic partners conduct and participate in numerous
clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from
existing or future clinical trials conducted by us or partners related to us, by our competitors or by third parties, or the market s
perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals from the regulators, our position in, and
share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies fails to
maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which
could harm our operating results, our ability to operate and investors views of us. 

Our failure to maintain the effectiveness of our internal
controls in accordance with the requirements of best practices could have a material adverse effect on the business. It could lose investor
confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the price of the Common Stock.
In addition, if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory
or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and the business
may be harmed. 

Risks Related to Management, Personnel and Control
Persons 

The Medinotec Group of Companies depends on
our senior management personnel and may not be able to retain or replace these individuals or recruit additional personnel, which could
harm our business . 

Our future success is substantially dependent on the
continued service of Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis, our Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors,
and Pieter van Niekerk, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and a member of our board of directors. Dr. Vizirgianakis and Mr. van Niekerk
have extensive experience both with our company and in our industry and are familiar with our business, systems and processes. Their loss
would be catastrophic to our product offerings and ability to manage our business effectively, as we will likely not be able to find suitable
individuals to replace them on a timely basis or at all. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies are unable
to find, train and retain key personnel, including new showroom employees that reflect our brand image and embody our culture, we may
not be able to grow or sustain our operations. 

We depend on several key management, executive, sales
and marketing, and technical personnel. The loss of the services of one or more key employees could delay the achievement of business
objectives. Our success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain additional highly-qualified executives, management, sales
and marketing and technical personnel to meet its growth goals. We further face intense competition for qualified personnel, many of whom
are often subject to competing employment offers, and we do not know whether we will be able to attract and retain such personnel. 

Our success depends in a large part on the continued
service of the senior management team. In particular, the continued service of this group of individuals is critical to our vision, strategic
direction, culture, products and business plan. We do not maintain key-man insurance for any of the senior management team, and thus the
loss of any of our executives, even temporarily, or any other member of senior management, could harm the business. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

The Medinotec Group
of Companies largest shareholder, officer and director, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis, has substantial control over us and our policies
and will be able to influence corporate matters. 

Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis, our Founder, President,
Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, and his brother, Stavros Vizirgianakis, also a member of our board of
directors, together control our company with an 81 vote on all matters regarding shareholder approval by virtue of his ownership in our
common stock. 

Gregory and Stavros Vizirgianakis have not agreed
to vote their shares together. If they decide to vote together on any matter, they are able to exercise significant influence over our
company, including the election of directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions, and any change of control of our company.
They could prevent transactions, which might be in the best interests of the other shareholders. Their interests may not necessarily be
in the best interests of the shareholders in general. The rest of our shareholders will be considered minority shareholders and these
will have little say in the direction of the Company as a result of their holdings. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies officers
and directors are located outside of the U.S., so it will be difficult to effect service of process and enforcement of legal
judgments upon our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors are located outside of
the United States and reside in South Africa. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process within the
United States and enforce judgments of the US courts obtained against our executive officers and directors. Particularly, our shareholders
may not be able to: 

Effect service of process in the U.S. on any of our officers and directors; 

Enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against our officers and directors based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws; 

Enforce, in a court outside of the U.S., judgments of U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws; and 

Bring an original action in a court in South Africa to enforce liabilities against any of our officers and directors based upon the U.S. federal securities laws. 

The Medinotec Group
of companies officers and directors have limited experience managing a public company. 

Our officers and directors
have limited experience managing a public company. Consequently, we may not be able to raise any funds or run our public company successfully.
Our executive s officer s and director s lack of experience of managing a public company could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Risk Associated With Legal and Regulatory Matters 

The Medinotec Group of Companies are subject
to extensive medical device regulation that may impede or hinder the approval process for our products and, in some cases, may not ultimately
result in approval or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. 

The medical technology industry is regulated extensively
by governmental authorities, principally the FDA, and state regulatory agencies with oversight of various aspects of drug and device distribution,
sale, and use. The regulations are very complex, have become more stringent over time, and are subject to rapid change and varying interpretations.
Regulatory restrictions or changes could limit our ability to carry on or expand our operations or result in higher than anticipated costs
or lower than anticipated sales. The FDA and other federal and state governmental agencies regulate numerous elements of our business,
including: 

product design and development; 

pre-clinical and clinical testing and trials; 

product safety; 

establishment registration and product listing; 

labeling and storage; 

marketing, manufacturing, sales and distribution; 

pre-market clearance or approval; 

servicing and post-marketing surveillance, including reporting of deaths or serious injuries and malfunctions that, if they recurred, could lead to death or serious injury; 

advertising and promotion; 

post-market approval studies; 

product import and export; and 

recalls and field-safety corrective actions. 

Before we can market or sell a new regulated product
or a significant modification to an existing product in the United States, we must obtain either clearance under Section 510(k) of the
FDCA, grant of a de novo classification request, or approval of a pre-market approval, or PMA, application from the FDA, unless an exemption
from pre-market review applies. In the 510(k) clearance process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is substantially
equivalent to a legally marketed predicate device (in most cases Class II devices, with a few exceptions), with respect
to intended use, technology and safety and effectiveness, in order to clear the proposed device for marketing. Class III devices approved
under the PMA process cannot serve as predicates. Clinical data are sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. In the de novo
process, the FDA must determine that general and special controls are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness
of a device, which is low to moderate risk and has no predicate (in other words, the applicant must justify the down-classification 
to Class I or II for a new product type that would otherwise automatically be placed into Class III, but is lower risk). The PMA process
requires an applicant to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device based on extensive data, including, but not limited to,
technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

The PMA process is typically required for devices that are deemed
to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices. Products that are approved through a PMA application
generally need FDA approval before they can be modified. Similarly, some modifications made to products cleared through a 510(k) may require
a new 510(k). The 510(k), de novo, and PMA processes can be expensive and lengthy and require the payment of significant fees, unless
an exemption applies. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from 3 to 12 months, but may take longer. The FDA s
stated goal is to review de novo classification requests within 150 days, 50 of the time, but in reality the process for many applicants
generally takes even longer, up to a year or more. The process of obtaining a PMA is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance
process and generally takes from one to three years, or longer, from the time the application is submitted to the FDA until an approval
is obtained. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances, approvals, and emergency use authorization to market a medical device can
be costly and time-consuming, and we may not be able to obtain these clearances, approvals, or authorizations on a timely basis, or at
all for our proposed products. 

If the FDA requires us to go through a lengthier,
more rigorous examination for marketing authorization of our medical devices or future modifications to our medical devices than we had
expected, our product introductions or modifications could be delayed or canceled, which could cause our sales to decline or to not increase
in line with our forecasts. In addition, the FDA may determine that future products will require the more costly, lengthy and uncertain
PMA process. Although we do not market any devices under PMA, the FDA may demand that we obtain a PMA prior to marketing certain of our
future products. Further, even with respect to those future products where a PMA is not required, we cannot assure you that we will be
able to obtain the 510(k) clearances with respect to those products. 

The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance, approval,
or authorization of a device for many reasons, including: 

we may not be able to demonstrate that our products are safe and effective for their intended users; 

the data from our clinical trials may be insufficient to support clearance, approval, or authorization; and 

the manufacturing process or facilities we use may not meet applicable requirements. 

In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and
approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval
or clearance of our products under development. Any delay in, or failure to obtain or maintain, clearance or approval for our products
under development could prevent us from generating revenue from these products and adversely affect our business operations and financial
results. Additionally, the FDA and other regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers. Regulatory enforcement or inquiries, or
other increased scrutiny on us, could dissuade some customers from using our products and adversely affect our reputation and the perceived
safety and efficacy of our product. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could jeopardize our ability to sell our products and
result in enforcement actions such as fines, civil penalties, injunctions, warning letters, recalls of products, delays in the introduction
of products into the market, refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant future clearances or approvals, and the suspension or withdrawal
of existing clearances or approvals by the FDA or other regulators. Any of these sanctions could result in higher than anticipated costs
or lower than anticipated sales and negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore,
any operations or product applications outside of the United States will subject us to various additional regulatory and legal requirements
under the applicable laws and regulations of the international markets we enter. These additional regulatory requirements may involve
significant costs and expenditures and, if we are not able to comply with any such requirements, our international expansion and business
could be significantly harmed. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Failure to obtain clearance or authorization
for our medical devices, or other delays in the development of our medical devices, would adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

Commercialization of our medical devices may require
an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA), FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification submission, or authorization of a de novo submission.
The process for submitting and obtaining FDA clearance of a 510(k), authorization of a de novo submission, or EUA can be expensive and
lengthy. The FDA s review process can take several months or longer, and we may not be able to obtain FDA clearance, de novo authorization,
or Emergency use Authorization for our medical devices on a timely basis, if at all. The FDA s refusal of, or any significant delays
in receiving 510(k) clearance, de novo authorization, or Emergency use Authorization of our medical devices, would have an adverse effect
on our ability to expand our business. 

FDA approval have been granted for the Trachealtor
following the 510(k) substantially equivalence process for Class II medical devices. We have no such FDA approval with respect to the
reset of our medical devices and we have not performed any clinical testing of our medical devices, which will likely be required before
the device can be marketed. Even if a clinical trial is completed, there can be no assurance that the data generated during a clinical
trial will meet the safety and effectiveness endpoints or otherwise produce results that will lead the FDA to grant marketing clearance,
approval, or authorization. In addition, any other delays in the development of our medical devices, for example, unforeseen issues during
product validation, would have an adverse effect on our ability to commercialize our medical devices. 

FDA s policy with respect to Emergency
Use Authorizations is evolving and may limit the ability for medical products, including our medical devices, to be eligible for commercialization
under an Emergency Use Authorization. 

We intend to submit an application with the FDA for
Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) for our medical devices. The FDA has the authority to grant an Emergency Use Authorization to allow
unapproved medical products to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions
when there are no adequate, approved and available alternatives. If we are granted an Emergency Use Authorization for our medical devices
for the diagnosis of COVID-19, we would be able to commercialize our medical devices for the diagnosis of COVID-19 prior to FDA clearance
or authorization of a 510(k) or de novo submission, respectively. However, the FDA does not have review deadlines with respect to such
submissions and, therefore, the timing of any approval of an EUA submission is uncertain. We cannot guarantee that the FDA will review
our data in a timely manner, or that the FDA will accept the data when reviewed. The FDA may decide that our data are insufficient for
an EUA and require additional pre-clinical, clinical or other studies and refuse to approve our application. In addition, the FDA may
revoke an Emergency Use Authorization where it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization,
and we cannot predict how long, if ever, an Emergency Use Authorization would remain in place. Further, the FDA s policy with respect
to EUAs related to COVID-19 is continuously evolving and may in the future limit the ability for medical products, including our medical
devices, to be eligible for an EUA. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining an EUA for our medical devices in a timely manner or at all, or
if any granted EUA is revoked after a short period of time, it could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial
condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Modifications to our products may require new
510(k) clearances, de novo submissions, or pre-market approvals, or may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified products
until clearances are obtained. 

FDA approval have been granted for the Trachealtor
following the 510(k) substantially equivalence process for Class II medical devices. Any modification to a 510(k)-cleared device that
could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use, design, or manufacture,
requires a new 510(k) clearance or, possibly, a de novo or PMA. The FDA requires every manufacturer to make this determination in the
first instance, and provides some guidance on decision making, but the FDA may review any manufacturer s decision at any time. The
FDA may not agree with our decisions regarding whether new clearances or approvals are necessary. If the FDA disagrees with our determination
and requires us to submit new 510(k) notifications, de novo submissions or PMAs for modifications to our previously cleared or approved
products for which we have concluded that new clearances or approvals are unnecessary, we may be required to cease marketing or to recall
the modified product until we obtain clearance or approval, and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

We may be liable if the FDA or other U.S. enforcement
agencies determine we have engaged in the off-label promotion of our products or have disseminated false or misleading labeling or promotional
materials. 

Our promotional materials and training methods must
comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including laws and regulations prohibiting marketing claims that promote the
off-label use of our products or that make false or misleading statements. Healthcare providers may use our products off-label, as the
FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician s choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. FDA also could conclude that
a performance claim is misleading if it determines that there are inadequate non-clinical and/or clinical data supporting the claim. If
the FDA determines that our promotional materials or training promote of an off-label use or make false or misleading claims, it could
request that we modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance
of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fines and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal,
state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they determine that our promotional or training materials promote an unapproved
use or make false or misleading claims, which could result in significant fines or penalties. Although our policy is to refrain from statements
that could be considered off-label promotion of our products or false or misleading, the FDA or another regulatory agency could disagree.
Violations of the FDCA may also lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, as well
as state consumer protection laws, which may lead to costly penalties and may adversely impact our business. Recent court decisions have
impacted FDA s enforcement activity regarding off-label promotion in light of First Amendment Considerations; however, there are
still significant risks in this area, in part due to the potential for False Claims Act exposure. In addition, the off-label use of our
products may increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims are expensive to defend and could result in
substantial damage awards against us and harm our reputation. 

Healthcare policy changes may have a material
adverse effect on the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

In response to perceived increases in healthcare costs
in recent years, there have been and continue to be proposals by several governments, regulators and third-party payers globally, including
the US federal and state governments, to control these costs and, more generally, to reform healthcare systems. 

Certain of these proposals could, among other things,
limit the prices we are able to charge for products or the amounts of reimbursement available for our products, and could also limit the
acceptance and availability of such products. 

The adoption of some or all of these proposals could
have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we experience decreasing
prices for our goods and services and we are unable to reduce expenses, there may be a materially adverse effect on the business, results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies is subject
to environmental laws and regulations and the risk of environmental liabilities, violations, and litigation. 

We are subject to numerous US and non-US environmental,
health and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the health and safety of employees; the generation, storage, use
and transportation of hazardous materials; emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; investigation and remediation of
hazardous substances or materials at various sites; chemical constituents in medical products; and end-of-life disposal and take-back
programs for medical devices. 

Our operations and those of certain third-party suppliers
involve the use of substances subject to these laws and regulations, primarily those used in manufacturing and sterilization processes.
If we or our suppliers violate these environmental laws and regulations, facilities could be shut down and violators could be fined, criminally
charged or otherwise sanctioned. 

Furthermore, environmental laws outside of the US
are becoming more stringent, resulting in increased costs and compliance burdens. Certain environmental laws also assess liability on
current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances
or materials at their properties or at properties which they have disposed of hazardous substances. In addition to clean-up actions brought
by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous
substances. The ultimate cost of site clean-up and timing of future cash outflows is difficult to predict, given the uncertainties regarding
the extent of the required clean-up, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and alternative clean-up methods. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

The costs of complying with current or future environmental
protection and health and safety laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous
substances, may exceed our estimates, or have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial conditions and
cash flows. 

Finally, in some jurisdictions around the world, culture
and practice encourages reuse of disposable products when the product is clearly labelled for single use. Such reuse may expose us to
liability in these jurisdictions. 

Claims made against the Medinotec Group of Companies
from time to time can result in litigation that could distract management from our business activities and result in significant liability
or damage to our brand. 

As a company with expanding operations, we increasingly
face the risk of litigation and other claims against us. We have no such claims at present. Litigation and other claims may arise in the
ordinary course of our business and include employee claims, commercial disputes, landlord-tenant disputes, intellectual property issues,
product-oriented allegations and slip and fall claims. These claims can raise complex factual and legal issues that are subject to risks
and uncertainties and could require significant management time. Litigation and other claims against us could result in unexpected expenses
and liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our operations and our reputation. 

In addition, the medical device industry is characterized
by extensive litigation and, from time to time, we are the subject of various claims. Regardless of outcome, such claims are expensive
to defend and divert management and operating personnel from other business issues. A successful claim or claims against us could result
in payment of significant monetary damages and/or injunctive relief. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies failure
to comply with laws and regulations relating to reimbursement of healthcare goods and services may subject it to penalties and adversely
impact its reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our devices, products and therapies are purchased
principally by hospitals or physicians that typically bill various third-party payers, such as governmental healthcare programs, private
insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. 

The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement
for products and services from third-party payers is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they
are willing to pay. As a result, our devices, products and therapies are subject to regulation regarding quality and cost for reimbursement
and regulation of health are goods and services, including laws and regulations related to kickbacks, false claims, self-referrals and
healthcare fraud. 

Many territories have similar laws that apply to reimbursement
by state and other funded programs as well as in some cases to all payers. In certain circumstances, insurance companies attempt to bring
a private cause of action against a manufacturer for causing false claims. 

In addition, our strategic investments position the
company as a manufacturer of FDA-approved devices reimbursable by federal healthcare programs. We are thus subject to the Physician Payments
Sunshine Act, which requires us to annually report certain payments and other transfers of value our company makes to US-licensed physicians
or US teaching hospitals. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us or our officers and employees to criminal
and civil financial penalties. 

We are also subject to risks relating to changes in
government and private medical reimbursement programs and policies, and changes in legal regulatory requirements in the US and around
the world. Implementation of further legislative or administrative reforms to these reimbursement systems, or adverse decisions relating
to coverage of / or reimbursement for our products by administrators of these systems, could have an impact on the acceptance of and demand
for our products and the prices that customers are willing to pay for them. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

Quality problems and product liability claims
could lead to recalls or safety alerts, reputational harm, adverse verdicts or costly settlements, and could have a material adverse effect
on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Quality is extremely important to us and our customers
due to the impact of our products on patients, and the serious and potentially costly consequences of product failure. We are thus exposed
to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. 

In addition, many products are used
in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients. Component failures, manufacturing nonconformance, design defects, off-label use,
or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product related information with respect to our products, if they were to occur,
could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient. 

 This could lead to recall of, or issuance of a safety
alert relating to, our products, and could result in product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions, which could ultimately
result, in certain cases, in the removal from the body of such products and claims regarding costs associated therewith. Due to the strong
brand recognition of Medinotec name and our brands, a material adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market
acceptance and demand for all products within that brand, and could harm our reputation and ability to market products in the future. 

Further, we may be exposed to additional potential
product liability risks related to products designed, manufactured and/or marketed in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, and unpredictable
or accelerated changes in demand for certain of our products in connection with Covid-19 and its related impacts could impact development
and production of products and services and could increase the risk of regulatory enforcement actions, product defects or related claims,
as well as adversely impact our customer relationships and reputation. 

Should we fall short of these standards and our products
become subject to recalls or safety alerts, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers and revenue and results of operations
could decline. Our success also depends on the ability to manufacture to exact specification for precision engineered components, sub-assemblies
and finished devices from multiple materials. If components fail to meet these standards or fail to adapt to evolving standards, our reputation,
competitive advantage and market share could be harmed. 

In certain situations, we may undertake a voluntary
recall of products or temporarily shut down production lines based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring
and testing data. Any of the foregoing problems, including future product liability claims or recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome,
could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies may not be
able to protect our intellectual property rights effectively. 

Patents, trademarks and other intangible proprietary
rights are and will be essential to the business and our ability to compete effectively with other companies. During normal day-to-day
trade, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, strategic alliances and licensing opportunities
to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. 

We pursue a policy of obtaining patent protection
in both the US and overseas for patentable subject matter of our proprietary devices and also attempt to review third-party patents and
patent applications to the extent publicly available to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents,
identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. 

We also operate in an industry that is susceptible
to significant intellectual property litigation. This litigation is expensive, complex, and lengthy and its outcome is difficult to predict.
Future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and
may significantly divert the attention of our technical and management personnel. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

In addition, we may have to take legal action in the
future to protect our patents, trade secrets, or know-how or to assert our intellectual property rights against claimed infringement by
others. Any such legal action could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. 

The invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights
that we own, or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition, and results of operations. In the event that the right to market any of our products is successfully challenged,
or if we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, the business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be compromised. 

Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions
could also compromise sensitive information related to the business, preventing it from accessing critical information or expose us to
liability, which could adversely affect the business and reputation. 

In the ordinary course of business, we collect and
store sensitive data, including patient health information, personally identifiable information about employees, intellectual property,
and proprietary business information. We manage and maintain applications and data utilizing on-site and off-site systems. These applications
and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information including research and development information, commercial information
and business and financial information. 

The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission
of this critical information is vital to operations and business strategy, and we devote resources to protecting such information. Although
we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our IT and infrastructure may be vulnerable
to attacks by hackers, viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee error or malfeasance, terrorist attacks, hurricanes, fire, flood,
other natural disasters, power loss, computer systems failure, data network failure, internet failure, or lapses in compliance with privacy
and security mandates. Any such virus, breach or interruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be
accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result
in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, government enforcement actions
and regulatory penalties. 

Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also
interrupt operations, including the ability to receive and ship orders from customers, bill our customers, provide customer support services,
conduct research and development activities, process and prepare company financial information, manage various general and administrative
aspects of our business and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect the business. 

Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional
income tax liabilities could have a material impact on the Medinotec Group of Companies, the results of operations, financial conditions
and cash flows. 

We are subject to income taxes, as well as non-income-based
taxes, in South Africa, the UAE, and other jurisdictions in which we operate, as well as jurisdictions such as the United States, in which
we intend to have operations. The tax laws in these could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could adversely
affect us and our effective tax rate. 

Taxation regulation in territories around the world
can also change very quickly, which may mean that all the implications for businesses may not have been fully thought through by the regulating
authorities before final guidelines and laws are issued. Furthermore, any changes made by tax authorities, together with other legislative
changes, to the mandatory sharing of company information (financial and operational) with tax authorities on both a local and global basis,
could lead to disagreements between jurisdictions with respect to the proper allocation of profits between such jurisdictions. We therefore
continuously monitor changes to tax regulation and double tax treaties between the territories in which we operate. We also maintain a
comprehensive transfer pricing policy to govern the flow of funds between various tax territories. 

We are further subject to ongoing tax audits in the
various jurisdictions in which we operate. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness
of our tax provisions. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, which could have
a material impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

While we have recorded reserves for potential payments
to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions, the calculation of such tax liabilities involves the application of complex
tax regulations in many jurisdictions. Therefore, any dispute with a tax authority may result in payment that is significantly different
from our estimates. If the payment proves to be less than the recorded reserves, the reversal of the liabilities would generally result
in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities to be no longer necessary. Conversely, if the payment
proves to be more than the reserves, we would incur additional charges, and these could have a materially adverse effect on the business,
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

The failure to comply with anti-corruption laws
could materially adversely affect the Medinotec Group of Companies and result in civil and/or criminal sanctions. 

FCPA and similar anticorruption laws in other jurisdictions
generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining
or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-administered healthcare systems in many jurisdictions around the world,
many of our customer relationships are with governmental entities and are therefore potentially subject to such laws. 

We also participate in public-private partnerships
and other commercial and policy arrangements with governments around the globe. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased
in recent years, including investigations and enforcement proceedings leading to assessment of significant fines and penalties against
companies and individuals. 

Our international operations create a risk of unauthorized
payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors. The business maintains policies and
programs to implement safeguards to educate employees and agents on these legal requirements, and to prevent and prohibit improper practices.
However, existing safeguards and any future improvements may not always be effective, and employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors
may engage in conduct for which we could be held responsible. 

In addition, regulators could seek to hold us liable
for conduct committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. Any alleged or actual violations of these regulations may subject
us to government scrutiny, criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, including exclusion from government contracting, and could
disrupt the business, adversely affect our reputation and result in a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Laws and regulations governing international
business operations could adversely impact the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

The US Department of the Treasury s Office of
Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), and the Bureau of Industry and Security at the US Department of Commerce BIS administer certain laws and regulations that restrict US persons and, in some instances, non-US persons, in conducting activities, transacting
business with or making investments in certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to US economic sanctions. 

Our international operations subject us to these laws
and regulations, which are complex, restrict business dealings with certain countries, governments, entities, and individuals, and are
constantly changing. Further restrictions may be enacted, amended, enforced or interpreted in a manner that materially impacts our operations.
From time to time, certain subsidiaries have limited business dealings in countries subject to comprehensive sanctions. 

Certain of our subsidiaries sell medical devices,
and may provide related services, to distributors and other purchasing bodies in such countries. These business dealings represent an
insignificant amount of our consolidated revenues and income but expose us to a heightened risk of violating applicable sanctions regulations.
Violations of these regulations are punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures,
debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment. 

We have established policies and procedures designed
to assist with compliance with such laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that these will prevent us from violating
these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage. As such a violation could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

As an Emerging Growth Company under the Jobs
Act, the Medinotec Group of Companies are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosures requirements. 

We qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long
as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive's compensation to median employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed
 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 

Until such time, however, we cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Risks Associated with Political Instability and
Regional Issues 

South Africa Specific Risk of Unstable Power
Supply 

Electricity demand in South Africa is extremely high
and energy plants do not meet the demand. Therefore, there are frequent rolling black outs that are handled by a schedule of load
shedding during which the supply and demand of electricity is balanced out to prevent the entire power grid from collapsing. This
results in unstable energy sources and frequent production halts for our company. DISA Medinotec has a backup generator big enough to
sustain the entire production facility in case of a power outage. In addition, South Africa is also a very solar capable country due to
the weather being warm with desert like conditions. Therefore, we are looking into solar power as a means to run our production facilities
more efficiently in the longer run. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

South Africa Specific Risk of Political
instability May Affect the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to operate effectively. 

Political instability in the countries in which we
operate, including South Africa, where recent episodes of violent civil unrest (riots) have further destabilized the country s economy
and resulted in extensive damage to commercial property, and may cause increased uncertainty about our ability to exist in this environment.
This may adversely affect investor confidence as well as our business planning, operations and our market capitalization. 

This risk extends to global economic uncertainty and
heightened geopolitical tensions, such as those in involved in the Russian war on Ukraine, between the United States and China as well
as Brexit, which can also have an impact on several factors influencing commodity prices, exchange rates, and interest rates, all of which
can affect our business in turn. 

South Africa Specific Risk In South Africa,
BEE requirements may restrict growth opportunities and limit the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to attract key talent. 

In South Africa, the correction of inequalities amongst
the key demographic groups of the country as a result of Apartheid is regulated by the Broad-based Black Economic Empowerment Act 53 of
2003. This is a legislative framework for the promotion of BEE that seeks to advance economic transformation and enhance the economic
participation of Black people in the South African economy. Companies failing to meet the requirements of the Act and its associated codes
may be at risk of not being able to attract investment and may also face more limited opportunities for growth (both organic and acquisitive)
and failure to attract, recruit and retain key candidates and suitably qualified personnel. 

South Africa Specific Risk that potential damage
to property caused by riots and protests may impact the Medinotec Group of Companies ability to operate. 

Businesses that have operations or own assets in South
Africa face risks from events such as civil commotion, public disorder, strikes, riots, loadshedding and terrorism. Resultant damage to
property stemming from such events can potentially disrupt our operations and also have an impact on the health and safety of our employees. 

South Africa Specific Risk that South African
authorities may disallow or delay a transfer of funds from South Africa to the United States 

The Central Reserve Bank of South Africa
oversees the flow of currency in and out of the republic of South Africa and the South African Revenue services oversee all transfer pricing
issues. The Medinotec Group of Companies has a transfer pricing bench marking in place for future planned transactions between its South
African subsidiaries and Medinotec Inc., its U.S. parent company, and makes use of an external exchange control advisor to ensure any
cross-border transactions complies with the requirements of both the Reserve Bank and the South African Revenue services. This is an approval
process for the flow of funds and therefore may cause timing delays to transfer funds cross border but does not mean that it is disallowed
entirely. We have successfully concluded a Private Placement during May of 2022 to the value of 3.3 million in the name of Medinotec
Inc., which raise provided enough cashflow to fund our expected American operations and therefore we do not foresee that in the near future
there will be intercompany or cross border dependence for operational activities. We believe that once Medinotec Inc. establishes its
own sales network the company is expected to become self-sustaining. If for some reason there is a time delay and the funding raised during
the private placement is not enough, to realize the business plan of the parent, the operating subsidiary in South Africa would be its
only source of cashflow to sustain the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

Allowable cash flows and their expected
timelines are disclosed in the following table: 

Method 
 Description 
 Normal Time Delay Experienced 
 
 Management fees 
 Restricted to an amount that the business would need to prove that the services rendered by the Medinotec Group Internationally to the local company is at an arm s length amount. If this cannot be proven authorities will disallow the charge and in certain instances levy fines and penalties 
 If these charges are proven to be at arm s length, flow of funds can happen within a one-week time frame. 
 
 Loans 
 Restricted to arm s length terms and would need to apply for formal approval to the authorities. 
 The application may be accepted or declined and would require 6-10 weeks before approval will be obtained. 
 
 Dividends 
 Dividends may be declared from time to time depending on the fact that the company declaring these dividends are liquid and solvent. 
 
 Since Medinotec Inc. is the registered owner
 of the business in South Africa dividends may be declared at a Board meeting and these can be paid to the parent entity. A dividends withholdings
 tax of 20 would apply and the funds may then exit the country. 
 
 The timeline to ensure compliance and transfer
 the funds will be 2-3 weeks. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

It is important to note that the above-mentioned
table is the only three options to externalize funds out of South Africa, the time delays mentioned are based on prior experience and
guidance from expert advisors. The authorities do have the final decision-making powers on any transaction and therefore time delays may
become material and can have a material impact on the business and its ability to function especially when a dispute arises from interactions
with the regulators. Management fees and loans can easily be declined by authorities whereas dividends are less likely to be declined. 

Our entire business plan is based on the successful
private placement that was concluded, and this funding is expected to facilitate two years of funding required before any funding would
be needed from the South African subsidiaries, therefore this leaves some time to obtain regulatory approvals in advance if the business
plan roll out in the United States is slower than expected. If the Central Reserve Bank declines or imposes any restrictions including
time delays for approvals for flow of funds it may have a material impact on the business operations of the Group and may delay its roll
out in the American Markets until a follow up capital raise or alternatively debt finance can be obtained on an international level. It
is important to note that this successful raise of money does not guarantee that we will obtain regulatory approval in the USA for product
candidates that falls outside the Trachealator product which already obtained FDA approval in November 2021. In addition to this it also
does not guarantee successful commercializing of any products in the USA since all products are at a pre- commercialization phase in the
United States of America. 

South Africa Specific Risk of South Africa Being
Grey listed by the FATF- Financial Action Task Force 

The FATF- Financial Action Task Force is a global
inter-governmental body, that promotes policies and sets international standards relating to the combating of money laundering, terrorist
financing, and the financing of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. There are currently 39 members of the FATF; 37 jurisdictions
including South Africa and 2 regional organisations (the Gulf Cooperation Council and the European Commission). There are a further 31
international and regional organisations which are Associate Members or Observers of the FATF and participate in its work. South Africa
is the only African member of FATF, but other African jurisdictions participate through FATF Regional Bodies like the Eastern and Southern
Africa Anti-Money Laundering Group (ESAAMLG) who are associate members of FATF. 

The FATF grey list refers to the FATF s practice
of publicly identifying countries with strategic Anti- Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) deficiencies.
The FATF maintains two such lists: I. jurisdictions under increased monitoring that are actively working with the FATF to
address strategic deficiencies in their regimes and II. high-risk jurisdictions subject to a call for action that
are not actively engaging with the FATF to address these deficiencies. 

South Africa did poorly in its 2021 mutual evaluation,
which was conducted in 2019 when many institutions (especially law-enforcement agencies) were at their weakest following state capture.
Whilst no country2 is fully3 compliant with all 40 FATF Recommendations and all 11 effective immediate outcomes, South Africa was deemed
to have too many weaknesses in its legal framework (being deemed to be inadequately compliant with 20 of FATF s recommendations)
in all 11 effectiveness immediate outcomes. South Africa was put under a one-year observation period in October 2021, giving the country
time to address 67 Recommended Actions. South Africa made significant progress during the observation period, passing two major Amendment
Acts in 2022, and strengthening its institutions. A January 2023 assessment of SA s progress found that South Africa had made significant
and positive progress, reducing the 67 Recommended Actions to 8 strategic deficiencies, where more progress is required 

South Africa did poorly in its 2021 mutual evaluation,
which was conducted in 2019 when many institutions (especially law-enforcement agencies) were at their weakest following state capture.
Whilst no country is fully compliant with all 40 FATF Recommendations and all 11 effective immediate outcomes, South Africa was deemed
to have too many weaknesses in its legal framework (being deemed to be inadequately compliant with 20 of FATF s recommendations)
in all 11 effectiveness immediate outcomes. South Africa was put under a one-year observation period in October 2021, giving the country
time to address 67 Recommended Actions. South Africa made significant progress during the observation period, passing two major Amendment
Acts in 2022, and strengthening its institutions. A January 2023 assessment of SA s progress found that South Africa had made significant
and positive progress, reducing the 67 Recommended Actions to 8 strategic deficiencies, where more progress is required. 

The most significant implication to a country that
is greylisted is the reputational damage to the country, as its effectiveness in combatting financial crimes like corruption and money-laundering
as well as terror financing are deemed to be below international standards. The second and related implication arises from consequential
action taken with regard to cross-border transactions, particularly possible action taken by foreign banks that provide correspondent
banking services. It should be noted that FATF does not require enhanced due diligence measures to be applied, but rather that all jurisdictions
take account of it in their risk analysis. The same FATF statement quoted above notes: 

56 

 Table of Contents 

The FATF does not call for the application
of enhanced due diligence measures to be applied to these jurisdictions. The FATF Standards do not envisage de-risking, or cutting-off
entire classes of customers, but call for the application of a risk-based approach. Therefore, the FATF encourages its members and all
jurisdictions to take into account the information presented below in their risk analysis. However, despite the FATF requirement,
selected institutions are expected to undertake more enhanced monitoring, for their own business reasons, or as may be required by their
own laws (eg EU directives). Hence institutions based in a greylisted country that engages in cross-border trade and other activities
may be subject to higher levels of customer due diligence by financial institutions outside of that country. In practice, this means being
more thorough processing and vetting clients and understanding the sources of their funds. However, if a country has demonstrated that
it has taken strong and credible steps to prevent or get out of greylisting, the costs of greylisting will likely be reduced. In the case
of South Africa, none of the items on the action plan relate directly to preventive measures in respect of the financial sector, reflecting
significant progress since the mutual evaluation in the application of a risk-based approach to the supervision of banks and insurers.
National Treasury, therefore, expects that if South Africa continues to make significant improvements in effectiveness and swiftly exits
greylisting, it will have a limited impact on financial stability and costs of doing business with South Africa, particularly if South
Africa moves speedily to get out of greylisting. 

Companies in South Africa, responding to the greylisting
will require context-specific solutions depending on the broader impact of the greylisting on their plans around aspects such as strategic
expansions, capital raising, and any general increased cost of doing business. Medinotec trades in a highly regulated environment
already and applies high levels of due diligence and financial contol therefore the additional costs of compliance expected to be incurred
due to the Grey listing is in our opinion minimal, this assessment may however change based on Government s response into the future.
This status may however make it harder for the business to raise capital in the future, Generally, it takes from one to three years for
countries to address the deficiencies and to be taken off the grey list, something that occurs after a final, on-site assessment when
both FATF and the relevant country believe that all elements of the action plan have been largely or fully addressed. The South African
Government communicated that it plans to address the eight (8) areas of strategic deficiencies identified by the FATF, by no later than
the end of January 2025 and that government has an intention to exit the grey list as fast as possible. There may however be unplanned
delays. 

Despite the progress the South African Government
is making on addressing deficiencies, it is still unclear how long this designation will remain in place and what ramifications, if any,
the designation will have for the Company. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies undertakes
future offerings of our common stock, shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership percentage. 

Generally, existing shareholders will experience dilution
of their ownership percentage in the company if and when additional shares of common stock are offered and sold. In the future, we may
be required to seek additional equity funding in the form of private or public offerings of our common stock. In the event that we undertake
subsequent offerings of common stock, your ownership percentage, voting power as a common shareholder, and earnings per share, if any,
will be proportionately diluted. This may, in turn, result in a substantial decrease in the per-share value of your common stock. 

If a market for our common
stock does not develop, stockholders may be unable to sell their shares 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol MDNC 
on the OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., an electronic inter-dealer quotation medium for equity securities. We have just recently
been approved for trading, so we do not have an active trading market. We can provide no assurances that an active trading market will
ever occur, and you may have issues selling your securities in our company. 

57 

 Table of Contents 

The Medinotec Group of Companies common
stock price may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

The market price of our common stock is likely to
be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

new products and services by us or our competitors; 

government regulation of our products and services; 

intellectual property disputes; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

sales of our common stock; 

our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

industry developments; 

economic and other external factors; and 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

You should consider any one of these factors to be
material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the above. 

In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market
fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

If securities analysts do not initiate coverage
or continue to cover the Common Stock or publish unfavorable research or reports about the business, this may have a negative impact on
the market price of the Common Stock of the Medinotec Group of Companies. 

The trading market for the Common Stock will depend
on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about our business and us. We do not have any control over these analysts.
There is no guarantee that securities analysts will cover the Common Stock. If securities analysts do not cover the Common Stock, the
lack of research coverage may adversely affect our market price. 

If we are covered by securities analysts, and the
stock is the subject of an unfavorable report, the stock price and trading volume would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
ceases to cover our company or fails to publish regular reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could
cause the stock price or trading volume to decline. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

Because we will be subject to the Penny
Stock rules once our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, the level of trading activity in the Medinotec Group
of Companies stock may be reduced. 

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted
regulations which generally define penny stock to be any listed, trading equity security that has a market price less than
 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides
information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current
bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules
generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny
stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure
requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to
the penny stock rules which may increase the difficulty Purchasers may experience in attempting to liquidate such securities. 

If the Medinotec Group of Companies issues shares
of preferred stock with superior rights than the common stock, it could result in a decrease in the value of our common stock and delay
or prevent a change in control of us. 

Our board of directors is authorized to issue up to
20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our board of directors has the power to establish the dividend rates, liquidation preferences, voting
rights, redemption and conversion terms and privileges with respect to any series of preferred stock. The issuance of any shares of preferred
stock having rights superior to those of the common stock may result in a decrease in the value or market price of the common stock. Holders
of preferred stock may have the right to receive dividends, certain preferences in liquidation and conversion rights. The issuance of
preferred stock could, under certain circumstances, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us without
further vote or action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 

The Medinotec Group of Companies does not expect
to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and
other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends,
our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will occur only if our stock price appreciates. 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and
our Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against the Medinotec Group of companies directors
or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any
such actions. 

Members of our board of directors and our officers
will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer, except in limited circumstances, pursuant
to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138
of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable to the company or its shareholders or creditors
for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1)
the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer
and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. 

This provision is intended to afford directors and
officers protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the
duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly, you may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers even
if they have breached their fiduciary duty of care. 

In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our
directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting in such capacities with us.
This means that if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay
any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly,
our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

59 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This information is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Currently, we do not own any real estate. Our principal executive offices
are located at Northlands Business Park at 170-171 Bush Telegraph Avenue, North riding, Johannesburg, South Africa. We have entered into
a lease for this 8,783 square foot facility. We believe that our properties are adequate for our current needs, but growth potential may
require larger facilities due to anticipated addition of personnel. This is the primary location of our manufacturing plant. 

The lease term: Three years commencing February 1, 2020
until January 31, 2023. 

Extension terms: Management is already in talks with the
landlord to extend the lease for another 3 years. An independent third party has been appointed to negotiate a fair arm s length
market related lease rate to comply with ASC 850-10-50-6. Refer to related party disclosures around this relationship. At present there
is no indication of any events which could cause non-renewal of the lease. 

Rent is approx.: 3,182 per month (Excluding Value Added
Taxes) 

No Escalation clause for the Three year term 

Rates taxes and Levies are billed in addition to the Rent 

DISA Medinotec pays its own utility bills to the local service
providers 

We do not have any policies regarding investments in real estate, securities
or other forms of property. 

Please refer to related party footnotes in the financial statements and
as disclosed in the Section of this Annual Report, entitled, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions for the related
party effects of the lease. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company may become involved in various legal proceedings
in the ordinary course of its business and may be subject to third-party infringement claims. 

In the normal course of business, the Company may agree to indemnify third
parties with whom it enters into contractual relationships, including customers, lessors, and parties to other transactions with the Company,
with respect to certain matters. The Company has agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified
losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third-party claims that the Company s products
when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against
certain parties. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under these indemnification obligations due
to the Company s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that are likely to be involved
in each particular claim. 

From time to time, the Company is subject to various claims that arise
in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that any liability of the Company that may arise out of or with respect to these
matters will not materially adversely affect the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 

As of the date of this Annual Report, there is no known material litigation
or claims against the Company. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

60 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information. 

Our common stock is qualified for quotation on the
OTCQX under the symbol MDNC and has been only recently quoted on the OTC since March 2023. There currently is no liquid
trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a significant active trading market in our common stock will develop,
or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. 

The ability of individual stockholders to trade their
shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that state. A number of states require that an issuer s
securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration before the securities are permitted to trade in that
state. Presently, we have no plans to register our securities in any particular state. Further, our shares may be subject to the provisions
of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth
certain requirements for transactions in penny stocks and Rule 15g-9(d)(1) incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in
Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Holders 

As
of May 22, 2023, we had 63 shareholders of common stock per transfer agent s shareholder list. 

Dividends 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date
and does not anticipate or contemplate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize
all available funds for the growth of the Registrant s business. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not currently have an equity compensation
plan in place. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On April 26, 2021 the company issued 10,000,000 shares
of common stock to the founding shareholders at 0.001 per share. 

On May 30, 2022, the company concluded a pre Trachealator
FDA approval raise which started in October 2021 and concluded on May 30, 2022. This raise was for a total of 1,733,750 shares of common
stock at 2 a share. 

These securities were issued pursuant to Regulation
S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The holders represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment
only and not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate information about us to make an informed investment decision.
We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the
appropriate restrictive legend affixed to the restricted stock. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

61 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations for the Years February 28, 2023 and 2022 

Revenue 

The Consolidated Medinotec
Group of Companies revenue for the year ended February 28, 2023 was 999,579 compared to 1,215,905 (Pro-forma Full Year FY
2022)_ in revenue being recorded in the year ended February 28, 2022. 

The revenue was down in comparison
to the prior year with 216,326 for the year.. The sales presented includes the following economic and internal issues: 

DISA
 Medinotec trades out of South Africa and its functional currency is the South African Rand, The Rand weakened from an average conversion
 rate of 1 : 14.9 (2022) to 1 : 17.37( for the last three quarters of 2023) against the US Dollar. This translated to a decrease of
 17 due to dollar strength when the Rand was converted for reporting purposes, which means a decrease of approx. 69,928 for the
 year in sales when converted to dollars from Rands. The Rand was very volatile against the US Dollar especially in the year ended
 February 28, 2023. Most of the year-to-date differences discussed here are attributable to the second,third and fourth quarters during
 which the Rand experienced the most volatility. 

There
 was a machine breakdown that occurred in the last week of April and the repair process lasted three weeks,
 therefore leaving a back log in production and invoicing of products volume losses in this period accounted
 for an estimated 62,983 for the year ended 2023 and all of this can be attributed to the first quarter, since
 the breakdown lasted from April to May. An increased number of sales were made in the third quarter due to
 most of the backlogs being addressed, therefore a significant increase in sales volumes were experienced over
 and above the negative impact of the Rand conversion rate on sales. 
 There
 was a once off sale of 483,381 from DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited to Minoan Medical
 Proprietary Limited in the Feb 2022 financial year this is not to be repeated and is because Minoan Medical found a buyer for short
 dated expiring stock for DISA Medinotec, the raw materials aged due to the slower sales during covid. This is therefore an
 extraordinary event which is not to be repeated. 
 When
 ignoring this extraordinary revenue event, the actual sales growth for the period was 250,695 which represents a 36.5 growth in
 normal sales figures excluding extraordinary events. 

This table indicates the
sales per prod uct as a breakdown of the total revenue balance: 

Medinotec
 Inc Group Consolidated Years Ended 
 Proforma
 Medinotec Inc Group 
 
 Product
 Type 
 Feb
 23 
 For
 the period April 26, 2021 to February 28 2022 
 Feb
 23 
 
 Cape
 Cross NC Catheter 
 230,359 
 227,665 
 135,272 
 
 Cape
 Cross PTCA Catheter 
 287,089 
 111,076 
 291,215 
 
 Trachealator
 Catheter 
 446,864 
 218,161 
 306,037 
 
 Components 
 35,267 
 438,381 
 483,381 

999,579 
 1,040,283 
 1,215,905 

Revenue generated by affiliations
to related parties were as follows: 

Sales
to Minoan Medical stopped during Q1 of the 2023 financial year due to the fact that DISA Medinotec now employs its own international
sales and marketing manager, which was outsourced in the past. Minoan primarily
facilitated export business on behalf of DISA Medinotec the total sales for the financial year ending February 2022 was 483,381. 

For the year ended February
28, 2023, we generated revenue through sales to DISA Lifesciences Proprietary Limited of 335,786 and 525,558 for the year ended February
28, 2022. Pieter van Niekerk ceased to be a director on DISA Lifesciences on October 14, 2022 after which the business will not be a related
party to the Medinotec Group anymore, but due to the extensive sales reach of DISA Lifesiences it will remain a material distributor for
the Medinotec Group in South Africa which generates 68 of the sales for the Medinotec Inc Group of Companies. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

The profit percentage on
these related party transactions was determined by a benchmark study that was completed by an external firm who compared the profit margins
of a distribution/wholesale business. The allowed profit margin was concluded as being within the appropriate benchmark and therefore
arm s length. The data base used to determine the market related margin is the Worldwide Private Company Data Base from Thomson
Reuters. Therefore, this agreement is deemed to be market related and at arm s length and compliant with. ASC 850-10-50-6 and ASC
850-10-50-5. 

Cost of Goods 

The Consolidated Medinotec
Group of Companies recorded cost of goods of 417,757 constituting a gross profit percentage of 58.2 for the year ending February 28,
2023 down from 668,832 (Pro-forma Full Year FY 2022) constituting a constituting a gross profit percentage of 44.9 for the year ending
February 28, 2022. 

The most material change
in the increase of cost of goods is the function that it is directly relatable to sales and therefore the cost of goods followed the same
upward trend as sales. 

This increase in Cost of
sales over time follows the sales trend but also indicates a shift in production to include the sale of more complex products into the
product mix, therefore the production facility is approaching its fuller capacity and the allocations of labor and machine time to product
costing per unit manufactured is expected to decrease the average cost of these items allocated to cost of goods due to the production
facility becoming more productive . The Rand weakened from an average conversion rate of 1 : 14.9 (2022) to 1 : 17.37( for the last three
quarters of 2023) a 17 decline against the US Dollar. Therefore, this contributed positively to the balance of the costs when converted
from Rands to dollars. The Rand was very volatile against the US Dollar especially second, third and fourth quarters. Most of the differences
discussed here are attributable to these three quarters the portion of the movement that can be allocated to the exchange difference is
estimated at 71,018. 

Due to the once off sales
transaction of 483,381 in Q4 for the prior fiscal for DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited there is no obsolete stock for the period ending
February 28, 2023. This transaction was concluded to sell components that was close to expiration date due to sales declining during the
covid pandemic. 

No other related party transactions
are recorded in cost of sales for both years in 2023 and 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

The Consolidated Medinotec
Group of Companies operating expenses were 1,047,216 for the year ended February 28, 2023, up from 759,394 (Pro-forma Full Year FY 2022)
for the year ended February 28, 2022. 

The Rand weakened from an
average conversion rate of 1 : 14.9 (2022) to 1 : 17.37( for the last three quarters of 2023) against the US Dollar. Therefore, this will
cause an expense decrease/improvement of 17 on the operating expenses due to dollar strength within the conversion rate applied. The
currency effect is a decrease in operating expenses of 136,138related to the year ended February 28, 2023. The Rand was very volatile
against the US Dollar especially in the second to fourth quarter ended February 28, 2023. Most of the differences discussed here are attributable
to this period and is estimated at an amount of 121,783. 

After taking into account
the effects of the foreign currency exchange, the remaining changes are mainly attributable to the Sales and Marketing expenses that,
together with the Compliance cost, showed a step cost increase to support the higher sales figure. Due to the amount of territories entered
during the year, there was also an increase in general compliance costs to list products in these countries and to provide initial training
and marketing into these countries. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

One of the major components
that affects the operating expenses is the costs of compliance for the business. These costs increased significantly as we started to
grow our product portfolio in FY2022 and is expected to rise as we enter new sales territories. Certain costs are once off in nature and
others will be recurring this will be determined after the markets were entered and all regulatory requirements met. 

The
 Consolidated Medinotec Group of Companies for the Years Ended February 
 Proforma
 Medinotec Inc Group Consolidated 

Feb 23 
 For the period
 April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 
 12
 months ending Feb 22 
 
 Compliance
 cost 
 218,694 
 161,168 
 161,168 

For the period ending February,
28 2022, consolidated figures are presented from April, 26. Proforma figures are presented from March, 1 to February, 28. This was done
to demonstrate a full comparative period compared to the same period in the current reporting period. 

Once off costs of obtaining
a quotation resulted in non recurring expenses of 70,000 in 2023. 

Sales and Marketing expenses
was insignificant due to Covid restrictions stopping travel and conferences, this started to normalize in FY 2022 and is expected to grow
significantly in the later end of FY 2023 since most trade shows and conferences happen in the final two quarters of our financial year,
the dedicated sales force will continue to grow as new territories pass the compliance hurdles. 

Medinotec
 Inc Group Consolidated Years Ended (Audited) 
 Proforma
 Medinotec Group Consolidated 

Feb 23 
 For the period
 April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 
 Feb 22 
 
 Sales
 and Marketing 
 53,652 
 17,271 
 17,271 

For the period ending February,
28 2022, consolidated figures are presented from April, 26. Proforma figures are presented from March, 1 to February, 28. This was done
to demonstrate a full comparative period compared to the same period in the current reporting period. 

Related party expenses
included in operating expenses include Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited for Rental expenses in the twelve months ending February 28,
2023 was 39,984. The related party rental expenses in the same twelve months in the preceding year ending February 28, 2022 amounted
to 38,157. The rent charge is comparable to rent charged for similar properties in the same relative area. The company does
market research of a Minimum and a Maximum rental value within the area at every renewal of the rental agreement to ensure this is market
related, this exercise is undertaken together with a registered property agent who has the appropriate knowledge of the area. ASC 850-10-50-6. 

Net Loss 

The Consolidated Medinotec
Group of Companies for the year ending February 28, 2023 showed total net loss of 352,728 up from a loss of 254,005\(Pro-forma Full
Year FY 2022) for the year ended February 28, 2022. 

The change is mainly attributable
to the currency fluctuations, general and Admin expenses and sales and marketing expenses which showed a step cost increase to support
the higher sales figure, which includes the compliance costs discussed in operating expenses above which is expected to continue to rise
as new planned roll territories become active. 

64 

 Table of Contents 

Interest charged on the
loan account for the twelve months ended in favor of related party Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited was 178,584 for the period ended
February 28, 2023, up from 0 (2022: interest free) in the year ending February 28, 2022. This change is attributable to the fact that
there was an interest waiver in place from the main shareholder at the time to support the company through Covid 19 the interest charges
resumed in 2022 at the prime lending rate of South Africa. Interest charged on the loan account for the twelve months ended in favor
of related party Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited was 125,966 for the twelve months ended February 28, 2023, up from 0 in the same
nine months ending November 30, 2021. This change is attributable to the fact that there was an interest waiver in place from the main
shareholder at the time to support the company through Covid 19 the interest charges resumed in 2022 at the prime lending rate of South
Africa. The interest rate chargeable is a guideline determined by the South African Reserve Bank and gets utilized by financial institutions
to determine the financial gain they may derive from a loan. The Prime rate is therefore an arm s length transaction and justifiable
rate that can be applied to a loan within the borders of the Republic of South Africa and therefore complies with the arm s length
definitions in ASC 850-10-50-6 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

The Consolidated
Medinotec Group of Companies as of February 28, 2023, had total current assets of 3,369,478 and total assets in the amount of 4,490,432. Total
current liabilities as of February 28, 2023 were 71,311. Consolidated we had working capital of 3,298,167 as of February 28, 2023 as
compared with 512,683 as of February 28 , 2022. 

Investing
activities used 529,723 during the year ended February 28, 2023 and 90,556 for the prior year ended February 28, 2022. The investment
into property, plant and equipment peaked in the 2021 Fiscal period as the plant reached maximum potential production its current form.
The new focus will be on sales and compliance activities as described in the operating expenses section during the third quarter ending
February 28, 2023. 585,000 was invested into a revolving credit facility with a company called Innovative Outcomes Inc.
Innovative outcomes will utilize this facility to build a sales and infrastructure for Medinotec Inc Group in the United States. The
maximum draw down allowed for this facility is 750,000 and this facility constitutes the only planned major capital commitments that
existed at February 28, 3023. 

Operating activities used
cash of (490,549) during the quarter ended February 28, 2023 compared to 130,201 for the year ended February 28, 2022. This is mainly
due to the net loss and operating expenses described above and an increase in investment for accounts receivables, and a decrease of
accounts payable. As the business continues to grow the terms of customers will continue to affect the growth in accounts receivables. 

Financing activities provided
cash of 3,577,194 during the period ended February 28, 2023 and 277,149 for the year ended February 28, 2022. The increase in the current
year is mainly due to the private placement being concluded during which 3,467,500 was raised and capital raising fees of 169,375 was
incurred, the remaining balance is due to additional draw down on the related party borrowing from Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited.
The loan account in favor of Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited increased by 279,069 during the year ending February 28, 2023. In the
prior year the loan account increased by 267,149 in the year ending February 28, 2022. The loan account is used to fund operational requirements. 

We expect to incur future
additional losses as the Medinotec Group of Companies builds out the territory of the United States and expects to return to profitability
once this territory establishes a sales force. We have cash available on hand and believe that this cash will be sufficient to fund operations
and meet our obligations as they come due within one year from the date these financial statements are issued. In the event that we do
not achieve the revenue anticipated in its current operating plan, management has the ability and commitment to reduce operating expenses
as necessary. Our long-term success is dependent upon our ability to successfully raise additional capital, market our existing services,
increase revenues, and, ultimately, to achieve profitable operations. 

65 

 Table of Contents 

Our financial statements
have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplate s the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. We received FDA 510(k) approval through the substantially equivalence process for Class
II medical devices for our main product being the Trachealator in November 2021. As the research and development phase of this product
has been completed, we expect to see an increase in sales being realized against expenditure incurred. A private placement was done in
the wake of the successful research and development and subsequent regulatory approval. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of February 28, 2023,
there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC
requested that all registrants list their most critical accounting polices in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The
SEC indicated that a critical accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company s financial
condition and results, and requires management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Our critical accounting policies
are set forth in Note 3 to the financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements 

The Company does not expect
the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operation, financial
position or cash flow. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are not required to provide the information required
by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by this Item 8 are
included in this Annual Report following Item 15 hereof. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary
financial information. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls
also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

66 

 Table of Contents 

As required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b),
we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described
below. 

1. 
 We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended February 28, 2023. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. 
 We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

3. 
 Effective controls over the control environment were not maintained. Specifically, a formally adopted written code of business conduct and ethics that governs our employees, officers, and directors was not in place. Additionally, management has not developed and effectively communicated to employees its accounting policies and procedures. This has resulted in inconsistent practices. Further, our Board of Directors does not currently have any independent members and no director qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Since these entity level programs have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness. 

To address these material weaknesses, management engaged
financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly
present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. We have not
remedied the material weaknesses as of February 28, 2023. The Company plans to take remedial action to address these weaknesses during
the fiscal year ended 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control over
financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the
year ended February 28, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

67 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following information sets forth the names, ages,
and positions of our current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) and Office(s) Held 
 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 44 
 President, Secretary, CEO and Director 
 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 38 
 CFO, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Stavros G. Vizirgianakis 
 51 
 Director (1) 
 
 Joseph P. Dwyer 
 66 
 Director (1) 

(1) 
 Appointed as Director on June 13, 2022. 

Set forth below is a brief description of the background
and business experience of our current executive officer and director. 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 

The Company is led by Dr Vizirgianakis as the Chief
Executive Officer, a qualified medical doctor, with a specialty interest in the field of neuroscience. He has many years of experience
in the international and South African health markets. Dr Vizirgianakis is the founding ultimate shareholder of DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited and has been involved in several successful entrepreneurial ventures. For the last five years, Dr. Vizirgianakis has been employed
as CEO of Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited. 

Aside from that provided above, Dr. Vizirgianakis
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

The Board believes that Dr. Vizirgianakis has the
experience, qualifications, attributes and skills necessary to serve on the Board because of the fact that he held similar positions for
more than 10 years and his designation as a medical doctor, he is also a founding shareholder in the company and has a long-standing track
record in the industry. 

Pieter van Niekerk 

Mr. Pieter van Niekerk is a qualified Chartered
Accountant and the Company's CFO and has been involved in multiple listings on various exchanges in the United States of America and South
Africa. He has 10 years executive management experience and has been nominated as one of the Top 35 under 35 Chartered Accountants 
in South Africa for two consecutive years. For the last five years, Mr. van Niekerk has been employed as CFO of Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited. 

 Aside from that provided above, Mr. van Niekerk
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

 The Board believes that Mr. van Niekerk has the experience,
qualifications, attributes and skills necessary to serve on the Board because of the fact that he held similar positions for more than
10 years and his designation as a chartered accountant, he is also a founding shareholder in the company and has a long-standing track
record in the industry. 

68 

 Table of Contents 

Stavros G. Vizirgianakis 

Mr. Vizirgianakis became
the Interim Chief Executive Officer of Misonix in September 2016 and the full-time President and Chief Executive Officer in December 2016.
Mr. Vizirgianakis has a distinguished career in the medical devices field having worked for United States Surgical Corporation as director
of sales for sub-Saharan Africa and later Tyco Healthcare in the capacity of General Manager South Africa. In 2006, Mr. Vizirgianakis
co-founded Surgical Innovations, which has become one of the largest privately owned medical device distributors in the African region,
and now part of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange listed entity Ascendis Health. In that capacity, Mr. Vizirgianakis acted as a distributor
of the Company s products. Mr. Vizirgianakis was Managing Director of Ascendis Medical from January 2014 through July 2016. Mr.
Vizirgianakis also served on the board of Tenaxis Medical and is a strategic investor in and advisor to numerous medical device startups
and established companies in this field. 

Aside from that provided above, Mr. Vizirgianakis
does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

 Mr. Vizirgianakis
has a degree in commerce from the University of South Africa. The Board believes Mr. Vizirgianakis industry knowledge, sales and
marketing experience and his international business relationships qualify him to serve as a director. 

Joseph P. Dwyer 

Mr. Dwyer has
served as Misonix s Chief Financial Officer since August 2, 2017. From June 2015 to the present, Mr. Dwyer has provided financial
consulting and advisory services to various companies, through the firms Dwyer Holdings and TechCXO. Prior thereto, from November 2012
until June 2015, he was Chief Financial Officer of Virtual Piggy, Inc., a publicly traded technology company. Prior to joining Virtual
Piggy, Mr. Dwyer served as chief financial officer of Open Link Financial, Inc., a privately held company, which provides software solutions
for trading and risk management in the energy, commodity, and capital markets. During 2011 and 2012, Mr. Dwyer was a member of the board
of directors and chairman of the audit committee and served as interim chief administrative officer of Energy Solutions International,
Inc., a privately held company providing pipeline management software to energy companies and pipeline operators. From 2010 through 2011,
Mr. Dwyer served as chief administrative officer of Capstone Advisory Group, LLC, a privately held financial advisory firm providing corporate
restructuring, litigation support, forensic accounting, expert testimony and valuation services. Mr. Dwyer served as a consultant to Verint
Systems, Inc., a software company listed on the NASDAQ Global Market, from 2009 through 2010, assisting with SEC reporting and compliance.
From 2005 through 2009, Mr. Dwyer served as chief financial officer and executive vice president of AXS-One Inc., a publicly traded software
company. During 2004, Mr. Dwyer served as chief financial officer of Synergen, Inc., a privately held software company providing energy
technology to utilities. Prior to 2004, Mr. Dwyer also served as chief financial officer and executive vice president of Caminus Corporation,
an enterprise application software company that was formerly listed on the NASDAQ National Market, chief financial officer of ACTV, Inc.,
a digital media company that was formerly listed on the NASDAQ National Market, and chief financial officer of Winstar Global Products,
Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of hair care, bath and beauty products until its acquisition by Winstar Communications, Inc. in 1995
when Mr. Dwyer went on to serve as senior vice president, finance of Winstar Communications. Aside from that provided above,
Mr. Dwyer does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any company registered
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Mr. Dwyer received
his BBA in Accounting from the University of Notre Dame in 1978 and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York. 

Term of Office 

Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to
hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our
officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

69 

 Table of Contents 

Significant Employees 

We have no significant employees other than our officer
and director. 

Family Relationships 

Aside from Messrs. Gregory Vizirgianakis and Stavros
G. Vizirgianakis, who are brothers, there are no family relationships between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated
or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

During the past 10 years, none of our current directors,
nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K, including: 

1. Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws
or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business
or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such
filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time
of such filing; 

2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being
named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her
from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing
broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker
or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the
purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities
laws; 

4. Being subject to any order, judgment or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more
than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities,
investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding
by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such
civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or
State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an
alleged violation of: 

i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities
law or regulation; or 

ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions
or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil
money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or
order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange
Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))),
or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. 

70 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following summary compensation table sets forth
all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended February 28, 2023 and
2022. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 2023 

CEO 
 2022 

Peter van Niekerk 
 2023 

CFO 
 2022 

Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation
Table 

Although we do not currently compensate our officers
with any regularity, we reserve the right to provide compensation at some time in the future. Our decision to compensate officers depends
on the availability of our cash resources with respect to the need for cash to further business purposes. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not
vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officers as of February 28, 2023. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK AWARDS 

Name 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Exercisable 

Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
(#) 
Unexercisable 

Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Unearned 
Options 
(#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
Expiration 
Date 

Number 
of 
Shares 
or Units 
of 
Stock That 
Have 
Not 
Vested 
(#) 

Market 
Value 
of 
Shares 
or 
Units 
of 
Stock 
That 
Have 
Not 
Vested ) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 

Peter van Niekerk 

71 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth, as of May 30, 2023 ,
the beneficial ownership of our common and preferred stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to beneficially
own more than 5 of our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise noted, the address of each
beneficial owner is located at Northlands Deco Park | 10 New Market Street | Stand 299 Avant Garde Avenue | North Riding | 2169. 

Title of class 
 
 Name and address of beneficial owner (1) 

Number of shares - Beneficial ownership 

Percent of class (2) 
 
 Common 
 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis (3) 

4,750,179 

40.5 
 
 Common 
 
 Peter van Niekerk 

401,965 

3 
 
 Common 
 
 Stavros G. Vizirgianakis (4) 

4,750,179 

40.5 
 
 Common 
 
 Joseph P. Dwyer 

0 

0 
 
 Total of All Directors and Executive Officers (4 persons): 

9,902,323 

84 
 
 More Than 5 Beneficial Owners: 

NONE 

(1) 
 As used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have beneficial ownership of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. 
 
 (2) 
 The percent of class is based on 11,733,750 voting shares as of May 30, 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 1,108,327 shares held in his name and 3,641,852 shares held in King Style Investments, formed in Cyprus, in which Gregory has beneficial ownership over 43. 39655 of the shares held by King Style Investments. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 4,750,179 shares held in King Style Investments, formed in Cyprus, in which Stavros has beneficial ownership over 56.60345 of the shares held by King Style Investments. 

72 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other than as
disclosed below and in Executive Compensation, there have been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning
of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved
exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years,
and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Related Party Summary 

Name 
 Relationship with the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 Related transactions with the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 Related Directors with the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 Related Owners with the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 
 Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited 
 Medical investment company controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Related Party Loan and Sales 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis is the ultimate beneficial owner 
 
 Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 
 Property investment company controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Related party loan 
 Rental Expenses 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis is the ultimate beneficial owner 
 
 DISA Vascular Distribution Proprietary Limited trading as DISA Lifesciences 
 Distributor appointed by DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited for Africa 
 Sales Income 
 
 Pieter van Niekerk Serves as independent non-executive according
 to distribution agreement 
 
 Pieter van Niekerk resigned as a non-executive director on October 14, 2022
 and therefore the related party relationship ceased to exist on the same date. 
 n/a external third party 
 
 Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited 
 The African holding company of the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 Related party loan payable to Minoan Capital 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Medinotec Incorporated in Nevada is the 100 ultimate parent entity 
 
 DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited 
 The African operating and manufacturing company 
 
 Related party loan with Minoan medical 
 Operational income and expenses with Minoan Medical 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Medinotec Incorporated in Nevada is the 100 ultimate parent entity 
 
 Medinotec Incorporated Nevada 
 Ultimate parent of Medinotec Capital and DISA Medinotec 
 All of the above for its related subsidiaries 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Joseph P Dwyer 
 Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 This is the entity owned by the shareholders and primarily controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis and his Brother Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 
 Medinotec Group of Companies 
 The Consolidated group name of Medinotec Incorporated, Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited 
 above for its related subsidiaries 
 
 Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Joseph P Dwyer 
 Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 This is the entity owned by the shareholders and primarily controlled by Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis and his Brother Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 
 Pieter van Niekerk 
 Chief financial officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 Related directorships disclosed above 
 Minority Shareholder in Medinotec Inc 
 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Chief Executive officer of the Minoan Group of Companies 
 
 Brother of Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 Related directorships disclosed above 
 Shareholder in Medinotec Inc and Kingstyle investments. 
 
 Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 
 Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies 
 
 Brother of Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies 
 n/a 
 
 Joseph Dwyer 
 
 Non-Executive director of the Medinotec Group of companies 
 
 Transactions relating to mutual entities disclosed above 
 
 No Related other Directorships in Medinotec Group of Companies 
 
 n/a 

73 

 Table of Contents 

a. Rent 
 
 DISA Medinotec Propriety Limited
leases commercial buildings from Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited Minoan Capital ). Minoan Capital is owned 100 by the
Chief Executive Officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis. Pieter van Niekerk, CFO of the Medinotec Group
of Companies, also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. 

Set forth below is a table showing the
Consolidated entities rent paid and accounts payable for the year ended February 28, 2023, with Minoan Capital: 

February 28 2023 (audited) 
 For
 the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 (audited) 
 
 Rent 
 39,984 
 38,157 

Rent is comparable to rent charged for
similar properties in the same relative area. The Consolidated entities do market research of a Minimum and a Maximum rental value within
the area at every renewal of the rental agreement to ensure this is market related, this exercise is undertaken together with a registered
property agent who has the appropriate knowledge of the area. ASC 850-10-50-6. 

b. Loan 
 
 This is an unsecured loan from the
prior parent entity of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited incorporated in South Africa called Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. This
loan originated to fund working capital and capex expansions of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated during the developmental
and startup phase. After the acquisition of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited into the Medinotec Group of companies, the Medinotec Group
of Companies assumed this liability. During the Covid challenges, interest on the loan was waived due to the loan being classified as
an equity investment at that stage, before the post balance sheet transfer of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated to the Medinotec
Group of Companies. The Medinotec Group of Companies have a period of 3 years post any IPO date/ date at which the company starts trading
on a recognizable exchange to repay the loan. During these 3 years the loan will carry interest at the prevailing prime lending rate of
the time. 

 The prevailing prime lending rate
on the quarter ending February 28, 2023 in South Africa is 10.75 . The interest charged for the quarter was 51,545 and a 1 movement
in the interest rates constitutes a value of 19,636 on an annual basis and 4,909 per quarter. The interest rate chargeable is a guideline
determined by the South African Reserve Bank and gets utilized by financial institutions to determine the financial gain they may derive
from a loan. The Prime rate is therefore an arm s length transaction and justifiable rate that can be applied to a loan within the
borders of the Republic of South Africa and therefore complies with the arm s length definitions in ASC 850-10-50-6. 

 The Consolidated entities, particularly
Medinotec Inc. have the option to settle earlier and settlement can be in cash or shares. 

 Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited s
ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis and is used to hold his medical investments
and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was one of these investments before it got transferred into the Medinotec
Group of Companies. Pieter van Niekerk also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. 

74 

 Table of Contents 

Operational charges are charged to the
loan account in the Consolidated entities. 

February
 28 
 2023 
 
 (audited) 
 
 February 28 
 2022 
 
 (audited restated) 
 
 Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited 

1,862,793 

1,583,672 

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 

273 

325 

Total 

1,863,066 

1,583,997 

c. Sales to commonly controlled entities 
 
 The
Consolidated entities sell the majority of their stock to
DISA Vascular Distribution t/a DISA Life Sciences. 

 DISA Life Sciences is the main distributor
of the products of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited in South Africa. This relationship is governed by a distribution agreement which
DISA Lifesciences needs to adhere to, the company is owned by an independent third party but according to the distribution agreement DISA
Life sciences needs to allow a Director of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated registered in South Africa to become a board
member in an Non Executive role to oversee that good corporate governance is maintained by the company and that the good name
of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated does not come into despair. Currently, the Board position is held by Mr. Pieter van
Niekerk, who is also the CFO of the Medinotec Group of Companies. Mr. van Niekerk has no operational involvement and also no financial
interest or benefit paid to him for assuming the role of independent non-executive of the company. 

 Apart from this non-executive directorship
position there is no other related party ties to DISA Life Sciences. On October 14, 2022, Mr. Pieter van Niekerk resigned as a director
of DISA Lifesciences to focus on other commitments, on this same date the DISA Lifesciences ceased to be a related party to DISA Medinotec. 

 DISA Life Sciences is one of the
top 5 biggest distributor of medical devices in the Republic of South Africa and therefore DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited registered
in South Africa utilizes their sales footprint for cost efficiencies. All trading is considered to be at arm's length. 

 Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited s
ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis and is used to hold his medical investments
and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was one of these investments before it got transferred into the Medinotec
Group of Companies. All sales made to Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited were utilized to build the export market for DISA Medinotec South
Africa. In the future these sales will be made directly to the export countries without utilizing Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited as
an intermediate. These sales were made on the same terms as the DISA Life Sciences distribution agreement. Pieter van Niekerk also serves
as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. 

 The distribution agreement between
DISA Lifesciences and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was entered into after a market feasibility study was conducted.
Medical devices are registered with a fixed maximum sales price, which is regulated within South Africa. It was determined that the profit
split allowed between the two companies would be based on this approved market price, where DISA Lifesciences would be allowed only to
have 10 of the total sales value and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated the remaining balance. 

This profit split was determined by a benchmark
study that was completed by an external firm who compared the profit margins of a distribution/wholesale business. The allowed profit
margin was concluded as being within the appropriate benchmark and therefore arm s length. The data base used to determine the market
related margin is the Worldwide Private Company Data Base from Thomson Reuters. Therefore, this agreement is deemed to be market related
and at arm s length and compliant with. ASC 850-10-50-6 and ASC 850-10-50-5. 

75 

 Table of Contents 

Sales between the entities are settled
on a regular basis and there is no long outstanding Accounts receivable. 

Set forth below is a table showing the
Consolidated entities sales and accounts receivable for the year ended February 28, 2023 and year ended February 28, 2022 with DISA Lifesciences
and Minoan Medical. 

February 28 2023 (audited) 
 For
 the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 
 (audited) 
 
 DISA Life Sciences 

Sales 
 335,786 
 525,558 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 
 1,242 
 
 Minoan Medical 

Sales 
 
 465,695 

These transactions occurred in the
normal course of operations and are measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount of the consideration established and agreed to
by the related parties. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Mercurius Associates LLP (Formerly knowns as
AJSH Co LLP) served as our independent registered public accountants for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022. 

Audit
Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended February
28, 2023 and 2022, we were billed approximately 120,561 and 13,091, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services rendered
by our independent auditors for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended February
28, 2023 and 2022, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and
tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended February
28 2023 and 2022, we were no billed any other fees by our auditors. 

76 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)(1) 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

The following documents are included on pages F-1
through F-23 attached hereto and are files as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements on Page F-1.(a)(2) EXHIBITS 

(a)(2) 
 EXHIBITS 

We have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying
Exhibit Index of this registration statement and below in this Item 15: 

Incorporated by 

Exhibit 

Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated March 2, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 2.1 
 
 6/2/2022 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/2/2022 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.3 
 
 6/2/2022 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.3 
 
 6/2/2022 

4.1 
 
 Unsecured Revolving Promissory Note, dated September 16, 2022 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.1 
 
 11/2/2022 

10.1 
 
 Lease Agreement dated January 28, 2020 between Minoan Capital and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/4/2022 

10.2 
 
 Exclusive Distribution Agreement dated March 1, 2020 between Disa Life Sciences Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/4/2022 

10.3 
 
 Letter of Offer, dated April 26, 2021 with Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/30/2022 

10.4 
 
 Letter of Offer, dated April 26, 2021 with Peter van Niekerk 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.4 
 
 8/30/2022 

10.5 
 
 Letter of Offer, dated June 13, 2021 with Stavros Vizirgianakis 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.5 
 
 8/30/2022 

10.6 
 
 Letter of Offer, dated June 13, 2021 with Joseph P Dwyer 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.6 
 
 8/30/2022 

10.7 
 
 Loan Certificate dated Mary 1, 2017 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.7 
 
 8/30/2022 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended . 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended . 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 . 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

77 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. 
 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Peter van Niekerk 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Peter van Niekerk 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Peter van Niekerk 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Peter van Niekerk 
 
 (Principal Financial Office and Principal Accounting Officer) 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Stavros G. Vizirgianakis and 
 
 Director 

Stavros G. Vizirgianakis 

DATE 
 
 SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 

May 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Joseph P. Dwyer 
 
 Director 

Joseph P. Dwyer 

78 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 15 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MEDINOTEC, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 AND 2022 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and February 28 2022 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 Years Ended February 28, 2023 and f or the period 26 April 2021
 to 28 February 2022 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 Years Ended February 28, 2023 and f or the period 26 April 2021
 to 28 February 2022 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

79 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Medinotec Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets of Medinotec Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as on February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended February 28,
2023 and for the period from April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the Financial
Statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2023
and for the period from April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of financial statement. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter 

We draw attention to Note 2a(ii) to the consolidated
financial statements which describes that the Consolidated Balance Sheet as on February 28, 2022 and the related consolidated statement
of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flow for the period from April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 and the related
notes have been restated to consolidate the commonly controlled entities retrospectively, as if the transaction had occurred at the beginning
of the previous period (i.e. formation date of registrant). Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The Critical Audit Matter are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

(Formerly known as AJSH Co LLP) 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2022 

PCAOB # 

May 30, 2023 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated Balance
Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and February 28 2022 

Note 
 Audited 
 2023 
 Audited
 restated 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowances 

Inventory 
 5. 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Loans
 and notes receivable 
 13. 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 
 4. 

Deferred
 tax asset 
 10. 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders' Equity 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 7. 

Long
 Term Liabilities 

Loans
 payable 
 6. 

Total
 Liabilities 

Equity 

Capital
 stock 
 9. 

Capital
 stock additional paid in capital 

Deficit
 (Retained Earnings) - ending 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Total
 Equity 

) 
 
 Total
 Liabilities and Equity 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended February 28,
2023 and for the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 

Audited 
 2023 
 Audited
 restated For the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 

Revenue 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses 

Selling
 expenses 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 

Interest
 and bank charges 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Research
 and development expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

Income
 from operations 

) 
 
 Non
 operating income and expenses 

Interest
 income 

Other
 revenue/(expense) 

Total
 non operating income and expenses 

Loss
 before income taxes 

Income
 taxes 

Deferred
 income taxes 

) 
 
 Net
 income 

) 
 
 Earnings
 per share: 

Note 
 Audited 
 2023 
 Audited
 Restated For the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 
 
 Net
 loss 

) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation gain 

Accumulated
 comprehensive income 
 
 ) 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the
Years Ended February 28, 2023 and for the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 

Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock Additional Paid in Capital 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Accumulated
 Comprehensive Income 
 Retained
 Earnings (Deficit) 
 Subtotal 
 Common
 control reserve 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 April 26, 2021 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 

Stock
 issued 

Issuance
 of 10,000,000 no par value stock @ 0.001 per share 

Acquisition
 of Disa Medinotec Proprietary Limited 

) 
 ) 
 
 Balance
 restated, February 28, 2022 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Balance
 March 1, 2022 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net
 income (loss) for the period 

) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Other
 comprehensive income 

Net
 foreign currency translation adjustment 

Stock
 issued 

Stock
 issued - pursuant to acquisitions @ 2 per share 

Other
 increase/decrease in stock 

Raising
 fees capitalized 

) 

) 
 
 ) 
 
 Balance,
 February 28, 2023 

) 
 
 ) 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended February
28, 2023 and for the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 

Audited 
 2023 

Audited Restated for the period April 26, 2021 to February 28, 2022 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 income (loss) for the period 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Depreciation,
 depletion and amortization 

Foreign
 currency transaction gain (loss), unrealized 
 ) 

Deferred
 income taxes and tax credits 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Capital
 raising fee paid in equity 
 ) 

Interest 

Increase
 (decrease) in receivables 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in inventories 
 
 ) 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 ) 

TOTAL
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Payments
 to acquire property, plant, and equipment 
 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of long-term debt 
 ) 

NET
 CASH USED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds
 from issuance of long-term debt 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 

NET
 CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

OTHER
 ACTIVITIES: 

Effect
 of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 

Net
 cash increase (decreases) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 . 
 During
 March 2022 the Group acquired, through a subsidiary, Disa Medinotec Proprietary Limited. DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited was incorporated
 in the Republic of South Africa in 2015. It was formerly known as DISA Vascular 2015 Proprietary Limited and changed its name to
 DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited effective 19 October 2020. The Company produces high-quality medical devices through in-depth
 research and development. The products developed are sold via a network of distributors in many parts of the world and through a
 direct sales force in South Africa and the United States of America. 
 The
 Company is located and headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa. The Company s revenues are derived primarily from operations
 in South Africa and Europe while growing its product offering to penetrate the United States of America in the near future. 
 The
 Group s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis, which contemplates the realization of
 assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

percent of the issued and outstanding shares of DISA Medinotec Proprietary
Limited. The consideration payable was for the outstanding equity and the Group assumed the responsibility of the loan account payable to Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. . Due to common control being established on April 26, 2021 (the incorporation date of the registrant) the effective date is
deemed to be at this date. 

To properly account for the transfer
of the membership interests of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited, the Company reviewed the ownership structure of all of the entities
involved in the contribution transaction, as contemplated in the Registration Statement, and concluded that in accordance with ASC 805-50-25-2,
the contribution of such membership interests will qualify as a transfer of ownership between entities under common control. 

 Transactions between entities under
common control are accounted for in a manner similar to the pooling of-interest method. Thus, the financial statements of the commonly
controlled entities would be consolidated, retrospectively, as if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the period. However,
ASC 805-50-45-5 states that prior years comparative information is only adjusted for periods during which the entities were under
common control. In addition, ASC 805-50-45-2 requires that the effects of intra-entity transactions on current assets, current
liabilities, revenue, and cost of sales for periods presented and on retained earnings at the beginning of the periods presented shall
be eliminated to the extent possible. 

 DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited
was deemed to be under common control prior to March 2, 2022 share transfer date and therefore the acquisition was retrospectively applied
from April 26, 2021, the formation date of registrant. 

 If a transaction combines two or
more entities under common control that historically have not been presented together, the resulting financial statements may be considered
to be those of a different reporting entity. The change in reporting entity requires retrospective combination of the entities for all
periods presented as if the combination had been in effect since inception of common control in accordance with ASC 250-10-45-21. 

 Also, ASC 250-10-50-6 notes that when there has been a
change in the reporting entity, the financial statements of the period of the change shall describe the nature of the change and the reason
for it. In addition, the effect of the change on income from continuing operations, net income (or other appropriate captions of changes
in the applicable net assets or performance indicator), other comprehensive income, and any related per-share amounts (if applicable shall
be disclosed for all periods presented. a change in reporting entity does not have a material effect in the period of change but is reasonably
certain to have a material effect in later periods, the nature of and reason for the change shall be disclosed whenever the financial
statements of the period of change are presented. 

 The effects of this change are as
follows: 
 ) 
 
 Increase in opening retained reserves 
 
 ) 
 
 Increase in other comprehensive income 

Laboratory
 equipment 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Motor
 vehicles 

Computer
 equipment 

Office
 equipment 

Computer
 software 

for eligible employees to a pension plan registered under the laws of South Africa. The company also contributes
 a third of the medical aid contribution for eligible employees to an approved medical insurance scheme. 

iv. Interest
 rate Risk 
 
 Related
party loan interest. Market interest rate risk may result in loss from fluctuations in the future cash flows or fair values of financial
instruments. Interest rate risk is managed principally through monitoring interest rate gaps and basis risk and by having pre-approved
limits for repricing bands. 

v. Numerous
 risks due to international activities 
 
 The
Consolidated entities are subject to numerous risks as a result of its international activities. The Consolidated entities are dependent,
in large part, on the economies of the markets in which they have operations. Those markets and other markets in which the Consolidated
entities may operate are in countries with economies in various stages of development, some of which are subject to rapid fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, consumer prices, inflation, employment levels and gross domestic product. As a result, the Consolidated entities
are exposed to market risk from these changes, and are subject to other economic and political risks, which could impact their results
of operations and financial condition. 

Payment
Terms 
 Our
 payment terms generally are 30 days from statement. The time between a customer s payment and the receipt of funds is not significant.
 Our contracts with customers do not result in significant obligations associated with returns, refunds or warranties. Our payment
 terms are generally fixed and do not include variable revenues. 

i. Accordance
with industry practice 

 Sales
revenue is recognized in accordance with industry practice which is when all the risks and benefits of ownership of products have been
transferred to customers under executed sales agreements. 

q. Recently
issued accounting standards 
 
 i. Financial
 Instruments--Credit Losses 
 
 In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments--Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The new standard introduces an approach, based on expected
losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments and modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale
debt securities. The new approach to estimating credit losses (referred to as the current expected credit losses model) applies to most
financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, loans, held-to-maturity
debt securities, net investments in leases and off-balance-sheet credit exposures. With respect to available-for-sale (AFS) debt securities,
the standard amends the current other-than-temporary impairment model. For such securities with unrealized losses, entities will still
consider if a portion of any impairment is related only to credit losses and therefore recognized as a reduction in income. However,
rather than also reflecting that credit loss amount as a permanent reduction in cost (amortized cost) basis of that AFS debt security,
the standard requires that credit losses be reflected as an allowance. As a result, under certain circumstances, a recovery in value
could result in previous allowances, or portions thereof, reversing back into income. This standard expands the disclosure requirements
regarding credit losses, including the credit loss methodology and credit quality indicators. For the group, this standard is effective
December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. Entities are required to apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. The Consolidated
entities are currently assessing this standard s impact on the Consolidated entities (consolidated) result of operations and financial
condition. 

Computer equipment 

Computer software 

Office equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Audited 
 2023 
 
 Audited Restated 2022 

Motor vehicles 

Small assets 

Plant and machinery 

Laboratory equipment 

Total cost 

Foreign currency adjustment 

Total accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
and amortization of property, plant and equipment totaled approximately 53,553 for the period ending February 28, 2023. 

 The
company has not acquired any property and equipment under capital leases. 

Less provisions for obsolescence 
 ) 

Total 

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 

Total debt 

Minoan
Medical Proprietary Limited: 

 This
is an unsecured loan which is repayable over the next . . The prevailing lending rate in South Africa was at year end. The terms of this loan are deemed to
be market related. 

 The
company has the option to early settlement in cash or shares. 

 Minoan
Capital Proprietary Limited: 

 This
is an unsecured, interest free loan with no fixed terms of repayment. 

 Minoan
Medical and Minoan Capital are related parties of the Group as the CEO Dr Gregory Vizirgianakis has common control. 

Accrued
 payroll, payroll taxes and vacation 

Deferred
 rent 

Royalties
 payable 

2023 
 
 2022 

Other
 payables 

Total 

had been accrued. It is the intention of management to renew the lease under the same terms. 

Future
minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases as of February 28, 2023, are as follows: 

Rental
expense for operating leases for the period ended February 28, 2023 was . 

b. Litigation

From
time to time, the Group may become involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business and may be subject to
third-party infringement claims. 

 In
the normal course of business, the Consolidated entities my agree to indemnify third parties with whom it enters into contractual
relationships, including customers, lessors, and parties to other transactions with the Consolidated entities, with respect to
certain matters. The Consolidated entities has agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against
specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or covenants, other third-party claims that the
Group s products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties,
or other claims made against certain parties. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of liability under these
indemnification obligations due to the Consolidated entities limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts
and circumstances that are likely to be involved in each particular claim. 

 From
time to time, the Consolidated entities are subject to various claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Management believes
that any liability of the consolidated entities that may arise out of or with respect to these matters will not materially adversely
affect the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Consolidated entities. 

 At
reporting date there is no known material litigation or claims against the Group. 

shares of common stock authorized and available to issue for purposes of satisfying
conversion of preferred stock, the exercise of warrants, the exercise and future grant of common stock options, and for purposes of any
future business acquisitions and transactions. 

 As
of February 28, 2023, Medinotec Inc., the parent Company had shares of preferred stock authorized and available to issue. 

 Issued
and outstanding shares 

Additional paid in capital 

Total 

) 
 
 Total
 tax continuing operations 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Discontinued
 operations 

Current 

Total 
 ) 
 ) 

b. Deferred
 taxes/Future income tax assets and valuation allowance 

Significant
components of the group's future tax assets are as follows: 

Leave pay provision 

Assessed losses 

Total 

Net deferred/future tax asset 

Deferred
tax assets refer to assets that are attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets in essence represent future savings of taxes that would otherwise
be paid in cash. The realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income, including
capital gains. If it is determined that the deferred tax assets cannot be realized, a valuation allowance must be established, with a
corresponding charge to net income. 

a. Rent

DISA
Medinotec Propriety Limited leases commercial buildings from Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited Minoan Capital ). Minoan
Capital is owned by the Chief Executive Officer of the Medinotec Group of Companies, Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis. Pieter van Niekerk,
CFO of the Medinotec Group of Companies, also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited 

 Set
forth below is a table showing the Consolidated entities' rent paid and accounts payable for the year ended February 28, 2023 with Minoan
Capital: 

Accounts
 payable 

Rent
is comparable to rent charged for similar properties in the same relative area. The company does market research of a Minimum and a Maximum
rental value within the area at every renewal of the rental agreement to ensure this is market related, this exercise is undertaken together
with a registered property agent who has the appropriate knowledge of the area. ASC 850-10-50-6. 

b. Loan

This
is an unsecured loan from the prior parent entity of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited incorporated in South Africa called Minoan Medical
Proprietary Limited. This loan originated to fund working capital and capex expansions of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated
during the developmental and startup phase. After the acquisition of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited into the Medinotec Group of companies,
the Medinotec Group of Companies assumed this liability. During the Covid challenges, interest on the loan was waived due to the loan
being classified as an equity investment at that stage, before the post balance sheet transfer of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited
Incorporated to the Medinotec Group of Companies. The Medinotec Group of Companies has a period of post any IPO date/ date at
which the company starts trading on a recognizable exchange to repay the loan, during these the loan will carry interest at the
prevailing prime lending rate of the time. 

 The
current prevailing prime lending rate in South Africa is . and a 1 movement in
the interest rates constitutes a value of 19,636 on an annual basis and 4,909 per quarter . The interest rate chargeable is a
guideline determined by the South African Reserve Bank and gets utilized by financial institutions to determine the financial gain
they may derive from a loan. The Prime rate is therefore an arm s length transaction and justifiable rate that can be applied
to a loan within the borders of the Republic of South Africa and therefore complies with the arm s length definitions in ASC
850-10-50-6. 

 The
Consolidated entities, particularly Medinotec Inc. have the option to settle earlier and settlement can be in cash or shares. 

Minoan
Medical Proprietary Limited s ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory Vizirgianakis
and is used to hold his medical investments and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was one of these investments
before it got transferred into the Medinotec Group of Companies. Pieter van Niekerk also serves as a director on Minoan Medical Proprietary
Limited. 

Operational
charges are charged to the loan account. 

Minoan Capital Proprietary Limited 

Total 

c. Sales
 to commonly controlled entities 

The
Consolidated entities' sells the majority of their stock to DISA Vascular Distribution t/a DISA Life Sciences. 

DISA
Life Sciences is the main distributor of the products of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited in South Africa. This relationship is governed
by a distribution agreement which DISA Lifesciences needs to adhere to, the company is owned by an independent third party but according
to the distribution agreement DISA Life sciences needs to allow a Director of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated registered
in South Africa to become a board member in an Non Executive role to oversee that good corporate governance is maintained by
the company and that the good name of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated does not come into despair. Currently, the Board
position is held by Mr. Pieter van Niekerk, who is also the CFO of the Medinotec Group of Companies. Mr. van Niekerk has no operational
involvement and also no financial interest or benefit paid to him for assuming the role of independent non-executive of the company. 

Apart
from this non-executive directorship position there is no other related party ties to DISA Life Sciences. On October 14, 2022, Mr. Pieter
van Niekerk resigned as a director of DISA Lifesciences to focus on other commitments, on this same date the DISA Lifesciences ceased
to be a related party to DISA Medinotec. 

DISA
Life Sciences is one of the top 5 biggest distributor of medical devices in the Republic of South Africa and therefore DISA Medinotec
Proprietary Limited registered in South Africa utilizes their sales footprint for cost efficiencies. All trading is considered to be
at arm's length. 

Minoan
Medical Proprietary Limited s ultimate beneficial owner is the CEO of the Medinotec Group of Companies Dr. Gregory
Vizirgianakis and is used to hold his medical investments and exports of which DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was
one of these investments before it got transferred into the Medinotec Group of Companies. All sales made to Minoan Medical
Proprietary Limited were utilized to build the export market for DISA Medinotec South Africa. In the future these sales will be made
directly to the export countries without utilizing Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited as an intermediate. These sales were made on
the same terms as the DISA Life Sciences distribution agreement. Pieter van Niekerk also serves as a director on Minoan Medical
Proprietary Limited. 

The
distribution agreement between DISA Lifesciences and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated was entered into after a market
feasibility study was conducted. Medical devices are registered with a fixed maximum sales price, which is regulated within South Africa.
It was determined that the profit split allowed between the two companies would be based on this approved market price, where DISA Lifesciences
would be allowed only to have 10 of the total sales value and DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited Incorporated the remaining balance. 

This
profit split was determined by a benchmark study that was completed by an external firm who compared the profit margins of a distribution/wholesale
business. The allowed profit margin was concluded as being within the appropriate benchmark and therefore arm s length. The data
base used to determine the market related margin is the Worldwide Private Company Data Base from Thomson Reuters. Therefore, this agreement
is deemed to be market related and at arm s length and compliant with. ASC 850-10-50-6 and ASC 850-10-50-5. 

Sales
between the entities are settled on a regular basis and there is no long outstanding Accounts receivable. 

Set
forth below is a table showing the Company s sales for the year ended February 28, 2023 and accounts receivable at this date with
DISA Life Sciences Minoan Medical: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Minoan
 Medical 

Sales 

Total 

These
transactions occurred in the normal course of operations and are measured at the exchange amount, which is the amount of the consideration
established and agreed to by the related parties. 

percent of the issued and outstanding shares of
DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited. The consideration payable was for the outstanding equity and the Group assumed the responsibility
of the loan account payable to Minoan Medical Proprietary Limited. Due to the control of businesses being in principal 95 
the same between the Group and the previous ultimate beneficial owner of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited the transaction would be
deemed a common control transaction. Due to common control being established on (the incorporation date of the registrant)
the effective date is deemed to be at this date. 

The
Group acquired the assets and liabilities noted below (audited): 

Accounts and other receivables 

Inventory 

Property, plant and equipment 

Deferred tax assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Common control reserve 

To
properly account for the transfer of the membership interests of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited, the Company reviewed the ownership
structure of all of the entities involved in the contribution transaction, as contemplated in the Registration Statement, and concluded
that in accordance with ASC 805-50-25-2, the contribution of such membership interests will qualify as a transfer of ownership between
entities under common control. 

 When
accounting for a transfer of assets or exchange of shares between entities under common control, the entity that receives the net assets
or the equity interests shall initially measure the recognized assets and liabilities transferred at their carrying amounts in the accounts
of the transferring entity at the date of transfer. If the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities transferred differ from the
historical cost of the parent of the entities under common control, for example, because pushdown accounting had not been applied, then
the financial statements of the receiving entity shall reflect the transferred assets and liabilities at the historical cost of the parent
of the entities under common control. 

ASC
805-50-15-6 states that the guidance in the Transactions Between Entities Under Common Control Subsections applies to combinations between
entities or businesses under common control in which an entity charters a newly formed entity and then transfers some or all of its net
assets to that newly chartered entity. If the guidance in the subsection applies, then in accordance with ASC 805-50-30-5,
the Company will initially measure the recognized assets and liabilities transferred at their carrying amounts (historical cost) in the
accounts of the transferring entity at the date of transfer. 

 The
Company believes the financial information of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited is properly presented based on the carryover basis
of accounting because the transfer of the ownership qualifies as a reorganization of entities under common control. 

 In
ASC 805, control has the same meaning as controlling financial interest in ASC 810-10-15-8. A controlling
financial interest is generally defined as ownership of a majority voting interest by one entity, directly or indirectly, of more
than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity. U.S. GAAP does not define the term common control. 

 The
accounting treatment for the contribution of the membership interests of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited into the structure of Medinotec
Inc Nevada was based upon the following facts: 

 At
the date of incorporation of Medinotec Inc in Nevada , Gregory Vizirgianakis (CEO) was the ultimate beneficial owner
of DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited and owned of Medinotec Inc in Nevada. 

 Based
upon the facts as outlined above, the Company applied the guidance outlined in ASC 805-50 which deals with transactions between entities
under common control. 

 Transactions
between entities under common control are accounted for in a manner similar to the pooling of-interest method. Thus, the financial statements
of the commonly controlled entities would be combined, retrospectively, as if the transaction had occurred at the beginning of the period.
However, ASC 805-50-45-5 states that prior years comparative information is only adjusted for periods during which the entities
were under common control. In addition, ASC 805-50-45-2 requires that the effects of intra-entity transactions on current assets,
current liabilities, revenue, and cost of sales for periods presented and on retained earnings at the beginning of the periods presented
shall be eliminated to the extent possible. 

 DISA
Medinotec Proprietary Limited was deemed to be under common control prior to March 2, 2022 share transfer date and therefore the acquisition
was retrospectively applied from April 26, 2021, the formation date of registrant. 

 The
proforma information as disclosed in this note have been prepared to present this. 

General and administration 

Net loss 
 ) 

In
furtherance of our efforts to expand into the United States, on September 16, 2022, we entered into an unsecured revolving line of credit
to lend Innovative Outcomes, Inc. up to . We have lent so far under the line. 

Innovative
Outcomes is a US distributor in Little Rock, Arkansas, and we plan to enter into an arrangement with the company for the marketing and
distribution of our products for a fee and to cover expenses. The funds from our line of credit will be used by Innovative Outcomes for
setting up infrastructure for our products, including a headquarters for sales representatives, an administrative hub and customer services
to handle all back-office items, setting up a sales system and marketing program, warehousing of inventory in a licensed warehouse, setting
up distribution capabilities, marketing activities and training activities. 

Maximum
 allowed according to Revolving Credit Agreement: 

), compounded monthly. In the event of a default, any
 amounts advanced will bear interest at (12 per annum . 

Maturity:

Unsecured 

Amount
 drawn: 

<EX-21.1>
 16
 ex21_1.htm

List of Subsidiaries 

DISA Medinotec Proprietary Limited (South Africa) 

Medinotec Capital Proprietary Limited
(South Africa) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 17
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Gregory Vizirgianakis, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 of Medinotec, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 

 By: Gregory Vizirgianakis 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 18
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Peter van Niekerk, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 of Medinotec, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: May 30, 2023 

/s/ Peter van Niekerk 

 By: Peter van Niekerk 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Office and
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 19
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual Report of
Medinotec,, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Gregory Vizirgianakis, Chief Executive Office, and I, Peter van Niekerk, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations of the
Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Name: 
 Gregory Vizirgianakis 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 May 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Peter van Niekerk 
 
 Name: 
 Peter van Niekerk 
 
 Title: 
 Principal Financial Officer (Principal Financial Office and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 May 30, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 20
 mdnc-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 mdnc-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 mdnc-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 24
 mdnc-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

