<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1416090_0001493152-23-012623.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8319740</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>201049</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1307428</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2600820</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1842701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2195572</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012623.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417173111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012623
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INCEPTION MINING INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001416090
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				352302128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55219
		FILM NUMBER:		23824924

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5330 SO  900 E
		STREET 2:		STE 280
		CITY:			MURRAY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-312-8113

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5330 SO  900 E
		STREET 2:		STE 280
		CITY:			MURRAY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLD AMERICAN MINING CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SILVER AMERICA, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLF ALLIANCE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080225

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012623.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

. 

 (Name
of registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.00001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

(1)
Yes No (2) No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company: 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common stock was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common stock, as of the last business day of the Registrant s
most recently completed second quarter: . 

Outstanding
Shares 

As
of April 14, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock and 51 shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

GLOSSARY OF MINING TERMS 
 3 
 
 PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 14 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 14 

PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 9A(T). 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 25 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 32 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 35 

2 

GLOSSARY
OF MINING TERMS 

Exploration
Stage 

An
 exploration stage prospect is one which is not in either the development or production stage. 

Development
Stage 

A
 development stage project is one which is undergoing preparation of an established commercially mineable deposit for its
extraction, but which is not yet in production. This stage occurs after completion of a feasibility study. 

Mineralized 

The
term mineralized material refers to material that is not included in the reserve as it does not meet all the criteria for
adequate demonstration for economic or legal extraction. 

Probable
Reserve 

The
term probable reserve refers to reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information similar
to that used for proven (measured) reserves, but the sites for inspection, sampling, and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise
less adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than that for proven reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between
points of observation. 

Production
Stage 

A
 production stage project is actively engaged in the process of extraction and beneficiation of mineral reserves to produce
a marketable metal or mineral product. 

Proven
Reserve 

The
term proven reserve refers to reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches,
workings, or drill holes; grade and/or quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling
and measurement are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth, and mineral content of reserves
are well-established. 

The
term reserve refers to that part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at
the time of the reserve determination. Reserves must be supported by a feasibility study done to bankable standards that demonstrates
the economic extraction. Bankable standards implies that the confidence attached to the costs and achievements developed
in the study is sufficient for the project to be eligible for external debt financing.) A reserve includes adjustments to the in-situ
tons and grade to include diluting materials and allowances for losses that might occur when the material is mined. 

Additional
definitions for terms currently or previously used in the Company s Annual Reports filed on Form 10-K: 

Assay
 a measure of the valuable mineral content. 

Block
model The representation of geologic units using three-dimensional blocks of pre-determined sizes. 

Cut-off
grade When determining economically viable mineral reserves, the lowest grade of mineralized material that qualifies as ore,
i.e., that can be mined at a profit. 

Diamond
drill A type of rotary drill in which the cutting is done by abrasion rather than by percussion. The drill cuts a core of
rock which is recovered in long cylindrical sections. 

Fault
 - A fracture in the earth s crust caused by tectonic forces with displacement along the fracture. 

3 

Feasibility
study A study or group of studies that determine the economic viability of a given mineral occurrence. 

g/t
or gpt Grams per metric ton. 

Grade
 A term used to assign metal value to resources and reserves, such as gram per ton (g/t) or troy ounces per ton (oz/ton). 

Gravity
 A methodology using instrumentation allowing the accurate measuring of the difference between densities of various geological
units in situ. 

Heap
leaching A process which uses dilute sodium-cyanide solutions to percolate through run-of-mine or crushed ore heaped on lined
pad to dissolve gold and/or silver. 

in-situ
 in its natural position. 

Mineral
 A naturally formed chemical element or compound having a definite chemical composition and, usually, a characteristic crystal
form. 

Mineralization
 A natural occurrence in rocks or soil of one or more metal yielding minerals. 

Mineral
deposit A mineralized body, which has been intersected by a sufficient number of drill holes or by underground workings to
give an estimate of grade(s) of metal(s) and thus to warrant further exploration or development. A mineral deposit does not qualify as
a commercially viable mineral deposit with reserves under standards set by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission until a final,
comprehensive, economic, technical and legal feasibility study has been completed. 

Mining
 The process of extraction and beneficiation of mineral reserves to produce a marketable metal or mineral product. Exploration
continues during the mining process and, in many cases, mineral reserves are expanded during the life of the mine operations as the exploration
potential of the deposit is realized. 

NSR
 A net smelter returns royalty, which is customarily calculated by subtracting from gross revenues a deduction for calculated
mill recoveries, transport costs of any concentrates to a smelter, treatment and refining charges, and other deductions at the smelter
and multiplying that result by the prescribed rate. 

Open
pit Surface mining in which the ore is extracted from a pit or quarry, the geometry of the pit may vary with the characteristics
of the ore body. 

Ore
 - A natural aggregate of one or more minerals which, at a specified time and place, may be mined and processed and the product(s)
sold at a profit or from which some part may be profitably separated. 

Ore
body a mostly solid and fairly continuous mass of mineralization estimated to be economically mineable. 

Ore
grade the average weight of the valuable metal or mineral contained in a specific weight of ore i.e. grams per ton of ore. 

Oxide
 gold bearing ore which results from the oxidation of near surface sulfide ore. 

Quartz
 a mineral composed of silicon dioxide, SiO2 (silica). 

Reclamation
 The process by which lands disturbed as a result of mining activity are modified to support beneficial land use. Reclamation
activity may include the removal of buildings, equipment, machinery and other physical remnants of mining, closure of tailings storage
facilities, leach pads and other mine features, and contouring, covering and re-vegetation of waste rock and other disturbed areas. 

Rock
 indurated naturally occurring mineral matter of various compositions. 

4 

Sampling
and analytical variance/precision an estimate of the total error induced by sampling, sample preparation and analysis. 

SEC
Industry Guide 7 U.S. reporting guidelines that apply to registrants engaged or to be engaged in significant mining operations. 

Sediment
 particles transported by water, wind, gravity or ice. 

Sedimentary
rock rock formed at the earth s surface from solid particles, whether mineral or organic, which have been moved from
their position of origin and re-deposited. 

Strike
 the direction or trend that a structural surface, e.g. a bedding or fault plane, takes as it intersects the horizontal 

Strip
 to remove barren rock or overburden in order to expose ore. 

Vein
 a thin, sheet like crosscutting body of hydrothermal mineralization, principally quartz. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our 
and the Company refer to Inception Mining, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Forward-Looking
Statements and Associated Risks . 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. 

Such
forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (1) discussions about mineral resources and mineralized
material, (2) our projected sales and profitability, (3) our growth strategies, (4) anticipated trends in our industry, (5) our future
financing plans, (6) our anticipated needs for working capital, (7) our lack of operational experience and (8) the benefits related to
ownership of our common stock. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations,
are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, 
 estimate, believe, intend, or project or the negative of these words or other
variations on these words or comparable terminology. These statements constitute forward-looking statements. This information may involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially
different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Factors that
may cause results to vary include, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns
resulting from extraordinary events such as the COVID-19 pandemic and other securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity
risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; risk of liability for errors in clearing functions; systemic risk; systems failures,
delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations
affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain
relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement
integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in our filings with the SEC, including our
most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. These statements may be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as in this filing generally. Actual events or results may differ materially
from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined
under Item 1A below and other risks and matters described in this filing and in our other SEC filings. In light of these risks and uncertainties,
there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur as projected. We do not undertake
any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

5 

The
Company 

Overview 

We
are a mining company that was formed in Nevada on July 2, 2007. We have operated two mining projects and currently operate as a consultant
and advisor to the mining industry. Historically, we have been engaged in the production of precious metals. From 2013 to 2020, the Company
owned certain real property and the associated exploration permits and mineral rights commonly known as the UP and Burlington Gold Mine
in Idaho UP and Burlington ). From 2015 through January 24, 2023, the Company operated the Clavo Rico mine in Honduras
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. CMCS and other mining
concessions. The Clavo Rico mine s workings include several historical underground mining operations dating back to the early Mayan
and Spanish occupation, and the primary mine operated through 2022 is located on the 200-hectare Clavo Rico Concession, located in southern Honduras. 

2023
Divestiture of the Clavo Rico Mine 

On
January 12, 2023, Inception Mining, Inc. (the Company entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent (the LOI with Mother Lode Mining, Inc. MLM ). The LOI became binding on January 24, 2023 when the final installment of initial payment set forth under the LOI was received by the Company. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the LOI, the Company agreed to sell all of the shares of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Compa a Minera Cerros
Del Sur, S.A. de C.V. CMCS ), to MLM. CMCS is the Honduran-based company that owns the Clavo Rico mine. 

The
purchase price for the sale of CMCS by the Company to MLM consisted of the following cash consideration (a) 280,000 was delivered by
MLM to the Company on January 3, 2023 to pay outstanding debts owed by the Corporation; (b) 300,000 was delivered by MLM to the Company
on January 5, 2023 to satisfy existing debts of the Company; (c) 100,000 was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 16, 2023; (d) 200,000
was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 17, 2023; (e) 1,200,000 was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 18, 2023,
to pay a settlement amount for existing debt of the Company; (f) 500,000 was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 23, 2023, to
satisfy existing debts of the Company; (g) 420,000 was delivered by MLM to the Corporation on January 24, 2023 to satisfy existing debts
of the Corporation. 

In
addition to the amounts already delivered under the LOI, an additional amount of 2,700,0000 shall be paid by MLM to the Company over
a period of twenty-four (24) months (the Monthly Payments ). The Monthly Payments shall be paid as follows: (i) 25,000
due March 1, 2023, (ii) 50,000 due on the first day of each of April, May and June 2023, and (iii) 100,000 due on the first day of
each month for the following twenty months, until February 1, 2025 at which point all amounts due and payable hereunder shall be delivered
in a final balloon payment. Outstanding balances and missed Monthly Payments will be secured by a 10 NSR on the Clavo Rico mine production
until the Monthly Payments are delivered and the purchase price is paid in full. In addition to the Monthly Payments, the Company will
receive a carried forward net profits interest royalty NPI of 5 on the Clavo Rico mine production until the total NPI
paid to the Company is 1,000,000, subject to limited conditions. 

Following
the Closing of the LOI on January 24, 2023, the Company divested its ownership interest in CMCS and its interests in the Clavo Rico mine, resulting in the transfer of operations to Mother Lode Mining and full
control of the Clavo Rico mine asset. 

Current
Operations 

Since
the Divestiture of the Clavo Rico Mine, the Company has been operating as a consultant and advisor to the mining industry, including
to Mother Lode Mining, the new owner of the Clavo Rico mine. It also has an ongoing financial interest in the Clavo Rico Mine under the
LOI. 

The
Company will receive 2,700,000 in cash payments through January 2025, with such payments\ secured by a ten percent net smelter royalty
on the Clavo Rico Mine s production. 

6 

The
Company will also receive a carried forward net profits interest royalty of five percent of the Clavo Rico mine production until payment
to the Company reaches 1,000,000, subject to reduction for certain limited Clavo Rico mine expenses. 

COVID-19
 - The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy increased significantly as the first quarter of 2020 progressed.
COVID-19 has spread across the globe during since 2020 and is impacting economic activity worldwide. In response to COVID-19, national
and local governments around the world have instituted certain measures, including travel bans, prohibitions on group events and gatherings,
shutdowns of certain businesses, curfews, shelter-in-place orders and recommendations to practice social distancing. Based on management s
assessment as of December 31, 2022, the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and the related length of its impact
on the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

Compliance
with Government Regulation 

Since
the Divestiture of CMCS and the Clavo Rico mine in January 2023, we are no longer subject to the mining regulations of Honduras. 

The
Company s policy is to conduct our business in a manner that safeguards public health and mitigates the environmental effects of
our business activities. To comply with these laws and regulations, we have made, and in the future may be required to make, capital
and operating expenditures. 

7 

Capital
Equipment and Research Development Expenditures 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not incur any expense related to research and development. Additionally, we are not currently
conducting any research and development activities other than those relating to the possible acquisition of new gold and/or silver properties
or projects of which there is no guarantee. 

Employees 

As
of the date of this filing, we currently employ one full-time employee and no temporary employees in the United States and
Honduras. We have contracts with various independent contractors and consultants to fulfill additional needs, including investor
relations, exploration, development, permitting, and other administrative functions, and may staff further with employees as we
expand activities and bring new projects on line. 

Patents,
Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts 

We
do not currently own any patents or trademarks. Also, we are not a party to any license or franchise agreements, concessions, or labor
contracts arising from any patents or trademarks, or any royalty agreements. 

Company
Information 

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. Further information about the Company may be found at its
website: www.inceptionmining.com. The Company makes available its filings to investors, free of charge, on this website. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

You
may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549. You may also find all the reports that we have filed electronically with the SEC at their Internet site www.sec.gov. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks, along with all of the
other information included in this report, before deciding to buy our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If we are unable to prevent events that
have a negative effect from occurring, then our business may suffer. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY 

An
occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. 

The
occurrence of an uncontrollable event such as the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our operations. A pandemic typically results
in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and this may limit access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and
professional advisors. These factors, in turn, may not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our goods and services
but our overall ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. Also, it may hamper our efforts to comply with our filing
obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

8 

We
have incurred losses since our inception in 2007 and may never be profitable, which raises doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

Since
our inception in 2007 and until the Merger in 2015, we had nominal operations and incurred operating losses. As of December 31, 2022,
our accumulated deficit since inception was 41,655,570. We have substantial current obligations and at December 31, 2022, we had 29,068,198
of current liabilities compared to only 302,849 of current assets. Since inception, we have been able to raise only minimal additional
capital, and we have minimal cash on hand. Accordingly, the Company does not have sufficient cash resources or current assets to pay
its current obligations, and we have been meeting many of our obligations through the issuance of our common stock to our employees,
consultants, and advisors as payment for the goods and services. 

Our
management continues to search for additional financing; however, considering the difficult U.S. and global economic conditions along
with the substantial turmoil in the capital and credit markets, there is a significant possibility that we will be unable to obtain financing
to continue our operations. 

These
circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as described in an explanatory paragraph to our
independent registered public accounting firm s report on our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31, 2022. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors will likely lose all of their investment in our company. 

We
are Subject to Legal Proceedings. 

We
are subject to legal proceedings and litigation, which can be expensive and unpredictable.. 

The
global financial conditions may have an impact on our business and financial condition in ways that we currently cannot predict. 

The
continued pressure on commodities markets and related turmoil in the global financial system may have an impact on our business and financial
position. The recent high costs of consumables may negatively impact costs of our operations. In addition, current financial market conditions
may limit our ability to raise capital through credit and equity markets. As discussed further below, the prices of the metals that we
may produce are affected by a number of factors, and it is unknown how these factors will be impacted by a continuation of the financial
crisis. 

Changes
to the regulations and laws in Honduras and changes in the government in Honduras could suspend or negatively impact our operations. 

Mining
regulations in Honduras may be changed by the Honduran government and may be impacted by political or social changes. For instance, the
recent 2022 election of a new president has resulted in increased regulation and scrutiny on the mining industry and especially on open
pit mines such as the Clavo Rico mine. Because of the Company s ongoing NPI in the Clavo Rico mine production, and the ongoing
payments to be delivered to the Company from the mine s new operator, changes to the laws and regulations in Honduras could impact
the Company s ability to be paid. 

We
do not currently carry any property or casualty insurance. 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks and hazards generally, including but not limited to, adverse environmental conditions, industrial
accidents, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, ground or slope failures, cave-ins, changes in the regulatory environment, and
natural phenomena such as inclement weather conditions, floods and earthquakes. Such occurrences could result in damage to our properties,
equipment, infrastructure, personal injury or death, environmental damage, delays, monetary losses and possible legal liability. You
could lose all or part of your investment if any such catastrophic event occurs. We do not carry any property or casualty insurance at
this time (but we will carry all insurances that we are required to by law, such as motor vehicle and workers compensation, plus
other coverage that may be in the best interest of the Company). Even if we do obtain insurance, it may not cover all of the risks associated
with our operations. Insurance against risks such as environmental pollution or other hazards as a result of exploration and operations
are often not available to us or to other companies in our business on acceptable terms. Should any events against which we are not insured
actually occur, we may become subject to substantial losses, costs and liabilities, which will adversely affect our financial condition. 

9 

Our
industry is highly competitive, attractive mineral lands are scarce, and we may not be able to obtain quality properties. 

We
compete with many companies in the mining industry, including large, established mining companies with capabilities, personnel and financial
resources that far exceed our limited resources. In addition, there is a limited supply of desirable mineral lands available for claim-staking,
lease or acquisition in the United States, and other areas where we may conduct exploration activities. We are at a competitive disadvantage
in acquiring mineral properties, since we compete with these larger individuals and companies, many of which have greater financial resources
and larger technical staffs. Likewise, our competition extends to locating and employing competent personnel and contractors to prospect,
develop and operate mining properties. Many of our competitors can offer attractive compensation packages that we may not be able to
meet. Such competition may result in our company being unable not only to acquire desired properties, but to recruit or retain qualified
employees or to acquire the capital necessary to fund our operation and advance our properties. Our inability to compete with other companies
for these resources would have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and business. 

We
depend on our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and the loss of this individual could adversely affect our business. 

Our
company is completely dependent on Trent D Ambrosio, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. D Ambrosio
is also a member of our Board of Directors. The loss of Mr. D Ambrosio could significantly and adversely affect our business and
could even result in a complete failure of the Company. We do not carry any life insurance on the life of Mr. D Ambrosio. 

The
nature of mineral exploration and production activities involves a high degree of risk and the possibility of uninsured losses that could
materially and adversely affect our operations. 

Exploration
for minerals is highly speculative and involves greater risk than many other businesses. Many exploration programs do not result in the
discovery of economically feasible mineralization. Few properties that are explored are ultimately advanced to the stage of producing
mines. We are subject to all of the operating hazards and risks normally incident to exploring for and developing mineral properties
such as, but not limited to: 

economically
 insufficient mineralized material; 

fluctuations
 in production costs that may make mining uneconomical; 

labor
 disputes; 

unanticipated
 variations in grade and other geologic problems; 

environmental
 hazards; 

water
 conditions; 

difficult
 surface or underground conditions; 

industrial
 accidents, such as personal injury, fire, flooding, cave-ins, and landslides; 

metallurgical
 and other processing problems; 

mechanical
 and equipment performance problems; and 

decreases
 in revenues and reserves due to lower gold and mineral prices. 

Any
of these risks can materially and adversely affect, among other things, the development of properties, production quantities and rates,
costs and expenditures and production commencement dates. We currently have no insurance to guard against any of these risks. If we determine
that capitalized costs associated with any of our mineral interests are not likely to be recovered, we would incur a write-down of our
investment in these interests. All of these factors may result in losses in relation to amounts spent that are not recoverable. 

Our
operations are subject to permitting requirements that could require us to delay, suspend or terminate our operations on our mining property. 

Our
operations and exploration activities require permits from the local, state and federal governments. We may be unable to obtain these
permits in a timely manner, on reasonable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain or maintain the necessary permits, or if there is a delay
in receiving these permits, our timetable and business plan for Inception will be adversely affected. 

10 

Our
independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
their audit opinion issued in connection with our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and our related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, our auditors have expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our recurring net losses, negative cash flows from operations and the limited
amount of funds on our balance sheet. We have prepared our financial statements on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. This could make it more difficult
to raise capital in the future. 

Risks
Associated with Our Common Stock 

Trading
on the Over the Counter markets may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult
for our stockholders to resell their shares. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink tier of the over-the-counter markets administered by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol
 IMII . Trading in stock quoted on over the counter markets is often thin, volatile, and characterized by wide fluctuations
in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress
the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the Over the Counter markets are not a
stock exchange, and trading of securities on the over the counter markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed
on other stock exchanges such as the NASDAQ Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange or American Stock Exchange. Accordingly, our shareholders
may have difficulty reselling any of their shares. 

Our
stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations and the FINRA s sales
practice requirements, which may limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Our
stock is a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines penny stock to be any equity security that has a market
price (as defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities
are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors. The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions with assets in excess
of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their
spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to
deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customers account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson
compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to
the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a
transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject
to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to trade our
securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage broker-dealer and investor interest in, and limit the marketability of,
our common stock. 

Our
common stock may be affected by limited trading volume and price fluctuation which could adversely impact the value of our common stock. 

There
has been limited trading in our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active trading market in our common stock will either
develop or be maintained. Our common stock has experienced, and is likely to experience in the future, significant price and volume fluctuations
which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. In addition, we believe
that factors such as quarterly fluctuations in our financial results and changes in the overall economy or the condition of the financial
markets could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically
enter the market in the belief that we will have poor results in the future. We cannot predict the actions of market participants and,
therefore, can offer no assurances that the market for our common stock will be stable or appreciate over time. 

11 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholders ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules require
that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable
for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must
make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other
information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value
for our shares. 

Because
the SEC imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers who deal in shares of penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to
trade our securities. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares, which may cause the value of your investment to
decline. 

Our
shares are classified as penny stocks and are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities in this offering or in the aftermarket.
For sales of our securities, broker-dealers must make a special suitability determination and receive a written agreement prior from
you to making a sale on your behalf. Because of the imposition of the foregoing additional sales practices, it is possible that broker-dealers
will not want to make a market in our common stock. This could prevent you from reselling your shares and may cause the value of your
investment to decline. 

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our ability
to continue operations and we may go out of business. 

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. Because we may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned
operations through the sale of equity securities, or convertible debt instruments, a decline in the price of our common stock could be
detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors to not choose to invest in our stock. If we are
unable to raise the funds we require for all our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and
may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue
our current operations. As a result, our business may suffer, and not be successful and we may go out of business. We also might not
be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to
go out of business. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

The
stock market in general has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public
company. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

limited
 public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative
 pricing pressure on the market prices of our common stock; 

sales
 of our common stock; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; 

12 

operating
 results that fall below expectations; 

loss
 of any strategic relationship; 

regulatory
 developments; 

economic
 and other external factors; and 

period-to-period
 fluctuations in our financial results. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
our common stock. 

We
have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not paid a cash dividend on our common stock to date, and we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
ability to pay dividends will depend on our ability to successfully develop one or more properties and generate revenue from operations.
Notwithstanding, we will likely elect to retain any earnings, if any, to finance our growth. Future dividends may also be limited by
bank loan agreements or other financing instruments that we may enter into in the future. The declaration and payment of dividends will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

We
have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which, shareholders may have more limited protections
against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

Recent
federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, among others, has
resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the
securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies
in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or The NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities
are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges and NASDAQ are
those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code of ethics. While our
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, we have not yet adopted any of these corporate governance measures
and, since our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not required to do so. It is possible that
if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, shareholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances that
internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible
conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent
directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees
may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should
bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

Difficulties
we may encounter managing our growth could adversely affect our results of operations. 

As
our business needs expand, we may need to hire a significant number of employees. This expansion may place a significant strain on our
managerial and financial resources. To manage the potential growth of our operations and personnel, we will be required to: 

improve
 existing, and implement new, operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures; 

install
 enhanced management information systems; and 

train,
 motivate, and manage our employees. 

We
may not be able to install adequate management information and control systems in an efficient and timely manner, and our current or
planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. If we are unable to manage
growth effectively, our business would be seriously harmed. 

13 

If
we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our
business and achieve our objectives. 

We
believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain our key management, primarily Mr. D Ambrosio, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We may not be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining our employees in the future. 

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

If
our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market upon the expiration of any statutory holding period,
under Rule 144, or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as
an overhang and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang,
whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

ITEM
2: PROPERTIES 

Corporate
Headquarters 

We
currently maintain our corporate offices at 5330 South 900 East, Suite 280, Murray, Utah 84117. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
we paid monthly rent of approximately 1,300 for use of a corporate office. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. Except as set forth below, we are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims
that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company was served with a complaint filed by Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles asserting claims
related to alleged breach of contract and unjust enrichment against the Company. This matter was settled on January 18, 2023 in exchange
for the payment of 1,200,000 by the Company to Antilles. 

Previously disclosed litigation matters related to
one of the Company s subsidiaries, Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V., were assigned to a third party as part
of the sale of CMCS that closed on January 24, 2023. 

On
October 15, 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V., was served with a complaint
filed by Empresa Agregados y Concretos S.A. Agrecon asserting claims related to non-payment for services performed and
damages associated with the termination of a certain Material Crushing Agreement. The Company has reserved 120,000 to settle this matter. 

On
December 20, 2022 the company received a notice of demand from Servicio de Administracion de Rentas SAR ). SAR is the institution
responsible for the collection of internal taxes. The notice was for Tax Obligations due in the amount of 9,245,637.70 Lps 385,234.90).
The tax obligations were due and payable immediately. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable as the Company conducts no active mining operations in the U.S. or its territories. 

14 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is not traded on any exchange. Our common stock is quoted on the Pink tier of the over-the-counter markets administered
by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the trading symbol IMII. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future
for our common stock. 

OTC
securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC securities transactions
are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers. OTC issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not
meet the financial and other listing requirements of a national or regional stock exchange. 

Classes
of Stock 

We
have two classes of stock: common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. On August 30, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant
to Article II of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, approved the designation of fifty-one (51) shares of its authorized capital
stock as Series A Preferred Stock . The Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock was filed on August
31, 2016. These shares have preferential voting rights and no conversion rights. 

Holders 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were 1,475 holders of record of our common stock and one holder of record for our preferred stock. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common
stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition,
and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have an equity compensation plan: the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We claimed exemption from registration under the Securities
Act for the sales and issuances of securities in the following transactions were made in reliance on Sections 3(a)(9) and 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act as the common stock was issued in exchange for debt securities of the Company held by each shareholder, there was no additional
consideration for the exchange, there was no remuneration for the solicitation of the exchange, there was no general solicitation, and
the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

On January 25, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
5,602,192 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

15 

On February 17, 2022, the Company
issued to an Investor 4,201,644 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible
Promissory Note entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On March 2, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
4,901,918 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On March 18, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
5,041,973 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
4,341,699 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On April 18, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
4,481,753 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On April 25, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
4,761,863 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On May 20, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
5,041,973 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On June 2, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor
5,322,082 shares of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note
entered into on May 20, 2019. 

On June 13, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor 5,602,192 shares
of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note entered into on
May 20, 2019. 

On June 17, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor 6,302,466 shares
of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note entered into on
May 20, 2019. 

On June 23, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor 8,403,288 shares
of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note entered into on
May 20, 2019. 

On June 28, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor 8,823,452 shares
of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note entered into on
May 20, 2019. 

On July 8, 2022, the Company issued to an Investor 9,383,671 shares
of its common stock under a conversion notice pursuant to the term of the original secured Convertible Promissory Note entered into on
May 20, 2019. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 5,142,857 restricted shares of Common Stock to Cluff-Rich 401(k) upon the conversion of 18,000 in existing debt owed to
the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 16,428,571 restricted shares of Common Stock to Fran Rich upon the conversion of 57,500 in existing debt owed to the shareholder
that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 23,200,857 restricted shares of Common Stock to Debra D Ambrosio upon the conversion of 81,203 in existing debt
owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 485,402,857 restricted shares of Common Stock to Trent D Ambrosio upon the conversion of 1,698,910 in existing debt
owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 17,142,857 restricted shares of Common Stock to Kay Briggs upon the conversion of 60,000 in existing debt owed to the
shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 204,285,714 restricted shares of Common Stock to Legends Capital Group upon the conversion of 715,000 in existing debt
owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 314,571,429 restricted shares of Common Stock to L W Briggs Irrevocable Trust upon the conversion of 1,101,000 in existing
debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

16 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 52,857,143 restricted shares of Common Stock to Claymore Management upon the conversion of 185,000 in existing debt owed
to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 965,137,143 restricted shares of Common Stock to Clavo Rico Inc. upon the conversion of 3,377,980 in existing debt owed
to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 32,928,571 restricted shares of Common Stock to Pine Valley Investments upon the conversion of 115,200 in existing debt
owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 42,857,143 restricted shares of Common Stock to Whit Cluff for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 2,857,143 restricted shares of Common Stock to Rod Sperry for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 2,857,143 restricted shares of Common Stock to Brunson Chandler Jones, PLLC for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 14,285,714 restricted shares of Common Stock to Kyle Pickard for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 28,571,429 restricted shares of Common Stock to Justin Wilson for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company issued 28,571,429 restricted shares of Common Stock to Sean Wilson for services rendered to the Company. 

ITEM
6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward
Looking Statements 

Except
for historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve certain risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other
things, (a) discussions about mineral resources and mineralized material, (b) our projected sales and profitability, (c) our growth strategies,
(d) anticipated trends in our industry, (e) our future financing plans, (f) our anticipated needs for working capital, (g) our lack of
operational experience and (h) the benefits related to ownership of our common stock. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions
and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, 
 should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, 
or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. This information
may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements.
These statements may be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and Description of Business, as well as in this Report generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those
discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk
Factors and matters described in this Report generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that
the forward-looking statements contained in this Report will in fact occur as projected. 

17 

Overview 

On
February 25, 2013, Inception Mining, Inc. Inception or the Company and its majority shareholder (the Majority
Shareholder ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inception Development Inc. (the Subsidiary ), entered into an Asset
Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with Inception Resources, LLC, a Utah corporation Inception Resources ),
pursuant to which Inception purchased the UP and Burlington Gold Mine in consideration of 16,000,000 shares of common stock of Inception,
the assumption of promissory notes in the amount of 950,000 and the assignment of a 3 net smelter royalty, which may increase or decrease
depending on the amount of gold produced. Inception Resources was an entity owned by and under the control of a shareholder. This transaction
is deemed an asset purchase by entities under common control. The Asset Purchase Agreement closed on February 25, 2013 (the Closing ).
We were a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) immediately
prior to our acquisition of the gold mine pursuant to the terms of the Assert Purchase Agreement. 

We
are a mining company engaged in the production, acquisition, exploration, and development of mineral properties, primarily for gold,
from owned mining properties. Inception Resources has acquired two projects, as described below. Our target properties are those that
have been the subject of historical exploration. 

UP
and Burlington Gold Mine 

On
February 25, 2013, the Company acquired certain real property and the associated exploration permits and mineral rights commonly known
as the UP and Burlington Gold Mine UP and Burlington ). 

On
February 21, 2020, the Company sold the Up Burlington property and mineral rights to Ounces High Exploration, Inc. in exchange
for 250,000 in cash consideration and 66,974,252 shares of common stock of Hawkstone Mining Limited, a publicly-trade Australian company. 

Clavo
Rico Mine 

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. Clavo Rico through which it acquired companies
(including Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V.)with with principal mining operations in Honduras, Central America.
Its workings include several historical underground mining operations dating back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation. 

The
Clavo Rico mine operations were divested on January 24, 2023 when the Company sold Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A
de C.V. 

18 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

We
had a net loss of 4,066,605 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was 1,225,391 more than the net loss of 2,841,214 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. This change in our results over the two periods is primarily the result of a decrease in interest expense
of 573,453, the change of derivative liabilities of 2,682,379 and a decrease in loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,512,082. The following table summarizes key items of comparison and their related increase
(decrease) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Years Ended December, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 General and Administrative 
 745,131 
 690,001 
 55,130 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses 
 725 
 2,789 
 (2,064 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 745,856 
 692,790 
 53,066 
 
 Loss from Operations 
 (745,856 
 (692,790 
 (53,066 
 
 Other Income (expense) 
 - 
 637 
 (637 
 
 Gain on Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 31,667 
 31,667 
 - 
 
 Change in Derivative Liabilities 
 833,278 
 3,515,657 
 (2,682,379 
 
 Change in Marketable Securities 
 - 
 328,970 
 (328,970 
 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 (271,511 
 (1,783,593 
 (1,512,082 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (2,880,542 
 (3,453,994 
 573,452 
 
 Loss from Operations Before Taxes 
 (3,032,964 
 (2,053,446 
 979,518 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Loss from Continuing Operations 
 (3,032,964 
 (2,053,446 
 979,518 
 
 Net Loss from Discontinued Operations before Income Taxes 
 (973,303 
 (258,130 
 715,173 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes on Discontinued Operations 
 (142,582 
 (529,638 
 387,056 
 
 Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 (1,115,885 
 (787,768 
 (328,117 
 
 Net Loss 
 (4,148,849 
 (2,841,214 
 1,307,635 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 745,856 and 692,790, respectively. The increase in operating expenses
for 2022 compared to 2021 were comprised primarily of geologist/mine manager expenses and legal fees. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

Other
income (expenses) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 637), respectively. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,148,849 while the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was
 2,841,214. 

19 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, reflects assets of 1,153,403. As we had cash in the amount of 0 and a working capital deficit
in the amount of 28,765,349 as of December 31, 2022, we do not have sufficient working capital to enable us to carry out our stated
plan of operation for the next twelve months. 

Working
Capital 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 302,849 
 543,008 
 
 Current liabilities 
 29,068,198 
 25,279,768 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (28,765,349 
 (24,736,760 

We
anticipate generating losses and, therefore, may be unable to continue operations in the future. If we require additional capital, we
would have to issue debt or equity or enter into a strategic arrangement with a third party. 

Going
Concern Consideration 

As reflected in the accompanying financial
statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 41,655,570. In addition, there is a working capital deficiency of
 28,765,349 and a stockholder s deficiency of 34,131,043 the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the
Company s ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Cash
Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (902,422 
 (76,864 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities 
 (49,666 
 374,245 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 
 899,543 
 (276,205 
 
 Effects of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash 
 (152 
 (261 
 
 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 
 (52,697 
 20,915 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash flow used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 902,422, an increase of 825,558 from the 76,864
net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is mostly due to the net loss in 2022 versus
the net income in 2021. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 49,666, a decrease of 423,911 from the 374,245 net cash provided
during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was due to cash received from the sale of mine property of 249,660 and more cash
received from the sale of marketable securities of 592,919 in 2021 versus the cash of 49,666 paid for property plant and equipment
in 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

Financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, provided 899,543, an increase of 1,175,748 from the 276,205 used in financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the company received 996,210 in notes payable
from related parties, 403,687 in notes payable, 100,000 in convertible notes payable, made payments of 473,900 in cash on notes payable
 related parties, 37,891 in cash on notes payable and 11,620 in cash on convertible notes. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Going
Concern - The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements during year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of
 4,148,849 and used 902,422 in cash from operating activities. The Company has a net loss since inception of 41,655,570. In addition,
there is a working capital deficiency of 28,765,349 and a stockholder s deficiency of 34,131,043 as of December 31, 2022. These
factors among others indicate that the Company may be unable to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of these financial
statements. 

20 

The
Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations and to obtain additional funding
sources. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution
of the Company s liquidity problems. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
is currently working to make changes that will result in profitable operations and to obtain additional funding sources to meet the Company s
need for cash during the next twelve months and beyond. 

Principles
of Consolidation - The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Inception Mining, Inc. and its wholly
owned subsidiaries, Inception Development, Corp., Clavo Rico Development Corp., Clavo Rico, Ltd. and Compa a Minera Cerros
del R o, S.A. de C.V., and its controlling interest subsidiaries, Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A. de C.V. and
Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V. (collectively, the Company ). All intercompany accounts have been
eliminated upon consolidation. 

Basis
of Presentation - The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Fair
Value Measurements - The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that could be received upon the sale of an asset or paid
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Financial assets are marked to
bid prices and financial liabilities are marked to offer prices. The fair value should be calculated based on assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, not on assumptions specific to the entity. In addition, the fair value of liabilities
should include consideration of non-performance risk, including the party s own credit risk. 

Fair
value measurements do not include transaction costs. A fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the quality and reliability of the
information used to determine fair values. Categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is defined into the following three categories: 

Level
1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with
insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are
observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets
or liabilities. 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 

To
the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair
value requires more judgment. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed
and is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The
carrying value of the Company s cash, accounts payable, short-term borrowings (including convertible notes payable), and other
current assets and liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term maturity. 

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company
believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair
value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed below
are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

21 

Long-Lived
Assets - We review the carrying amount of our long-lived assets for impairment whenever there are negative indicators of impairment.
An asset is considered impaired when estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. In the event the carrying
amount of such asset is not considered recoverable, the asset is adjusted to its fair value. Fair value is generally determined based
on discounted future cash flows. 

Properties,
Plant and Equipment - We record properties, plant and equipment at historical cost. We provide depreciation and amortization in amounts
sufficient to match the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated service lives or productive value. We capitalize
expenditures for improvements that significantly extend the useful life of an asset. We charge expenditures for maintenance and repairs
to operations when incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives as follows: 

Building 
 7 to 15 years 
 
 Vehicles and equipment 
 3 to 7 years 
 
 Processing and laboratory 
 5 to 15 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 2 to 3 years 

Reclamation
Liabilities and Asset Retirement Obligations - Minimum standards for site reclamation and closure have been established for us by
various government agencies. Asset retirement obligations are recognized when incurred and recorded as liabilities at fair value. The
liability is accreted over time through periodic charges to earnings. In addition, the asset retirement cost is capitalized and amortized
over the life of the related asset. Reclamation costs are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting
from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation and abandonment costs. The
Company reviews, on an annual basis, unless otherwise deemed necessary, the asset retirement obligation at each mine site. 

Revenue
Recognition - Effective January 1, 2018 we adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Subtopic 606-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606-10 ). The adoption of ASC
606-10 had no impact on prior year or previously disclosed amounts. In accordance with ASC 606-10, revenue is measured based on a consideration
specified in a contract with a customer and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. 

The
Company generates revenue by selling gold and silver produced from its mining operations. The majority of the Company s sales come
from the sale of refined gold; however, the end product at the Company s gold operations is generally dor bars. Dor 
is an alloy consisting primarily of gold but also containing silver and other metals. Dor is sent to refiners to produce bullion
that meets the required market standard of 99.95 gold. Under the terms of the Company s refining agreements, the dor bars
are refined for a fee, and the Company s share of the refined gold and silver is credited to its bullion account. 

The
Company recognizes revenue for gold and silver from dor production when it satisfies the performance obligation of transferring
gold and silver inventory to the customer, which generally occurs upon transfer of gold and silver bullion credits as this is the point
at which the customer obtains the ability to direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of ownership of the
asset. 

The
Company generally recognizes the sale of gold bullion credits at the prevailing market price when gold bullion credits are delivered
to the customer. The transaction price is determined based on the agreed upon market price and the number of ounces delivered. Payment
is due upon delivery of gold bullion credits to the customer s account 

All
accounts receivable amounts are due from a single customer. Substantially all mining revenues recorded in the current period also related
to the same customer. As gold can be sold through numerous gold market traders worldwide, the Company is not economically dependent on
a limited number of customers for the sale of its product. 

Derivative
Liabilities - Derivatives liabilities are recorded at fair value when issued and the subsequent change in fair value each period
is recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. We do not hold or issue any derivative financial
instruments for speculative trading purposes. 

22 

Income
Taxes - The Company s income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management s best assessment
of estimated future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating
the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including
scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations.
In projecting future taxable income, the Company develops assumptions including the amount of future state and federal pretax operating
income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions
require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, and are consistent with the plans and estimates that the Company
is using to manage the underlying businesses. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which the Company
does not consider realization of such deferred tax assets to be more likely than not. 

Changes
in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such
changes that would have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

Operating
Lease The Company leases its corporate headquarters and administrative offices in Salt Lake City, Utah on a month-to-month
basis. 

The
Company incurred rent expense of 15,252 and 14,945 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Non-Controlling
Interest Policy Non-controlling interest (NCI) is the portion of equity ownership in a subsidiary not attributable to the
parent company, who has a controlling interest and consolidates the subsidiary s financial results with its own. The amount of
equity relating to the non-controlling interest is separately identified in the equity section of the balance sheet and the amount of
the net income (loss) relating to the non-controlling interest is separately identified on the statement of operations. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

For
recent accounting pronouncements, please refer to the notes to the financial statements section of this Annual Report. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM
7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

None 

ITEM
8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements of the Company required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X are attached to this report, beginning at page F-1. 

ITEM
9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

23 

ITEM
9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or 1934 Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the
principal executive officer and the principal financial officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under the 1934 Act, as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on this evaluation, because of the Company s limited resources and limited number of employees and due to
reasons listed below, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the financial statements of the Company in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

With
the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO-2013 ). Based on our evaluation
and the material weaknesses described below, management concluded that the Company s internal controls were not effective based
on financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the COSO framework criteria. Management has identified control deficiencies regarding
the lack of segregation of duties. Management of the Company believes that these material weaknesses are due to the small size of the
Company s management and accounting staff and reliance on outside consultants for external reporting. The small size of the Company s
accounting staff may prevent adequate controls in the future and the internal controls may continue to be not effective, such as segregation
of duties, due to the cost/benefit of such remediation. 

To
mitigate the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on direct management oversight of transactions, along with
the use of legal and outside accounting consultants. As we grow, we expect to increase our number of employees, which will enable us
to implement adequate segregation of duties within the internal control framework. 

These
control deficiencies could result in a misstatement of account balances that would result in a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement to our consolidated financial statements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, we have determined
that these control deficiencies as described above together constitute a material weakness. 

In
light of this material weakness, we performed additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with US
GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022 are fairly stated, in all material respects, in accordance with US GAAP. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

24 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over
time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification
of Directors and Executive Officers 

Our
Bylaws state that our authorized number of directors shall be one or more and shall be set by resolution of our Board of Directors. We
currently have two directors. 

Our
current directors and officers are as follows: 

Name
 and Business Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Trent
 D Ambrosio 
 
 58 
 
 CEO,
 CFO and Director 

Whit
 Cluff 
 
 72 
 
 Director 

Our
directors will serve in that capacity until our next annual shareholder meeting or until a successor is elected and qualified. Officers
hold their positions at the will of our Board of Directors. There are no arrangements, agreements or understandings between non-management
security holders and management under which non-management security holders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the
management of our affairs. 

Trent
D Ambrosio, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

Mr.
D Ambrosio has been a Director of Inception Mining Inc. since February 28, 2013. From October 2011 through March 2013, Mr. D Ambrosio
held the positions of Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Inception Holdings LLC, a resource exploration company,
and was the responsible for the overall strategic direction for the organization. His professional record includes 25 years of management
and financial services experience with companies ranging from Fortune 500 companies to start-ups. Mr. D Ambrosio holds a B.S. in
Business Management, an MBA and a Certificate of Mining Studies. 

25 

Whit
Cluff, Director 

Mr.
Cluff has over 35 years of experience in the commercial real estate industry. Mr. Cluff has been involved in all disciplines of real
estate land development, mixed-use development, retail tenant representation, developer representation, industrial property procurement
and asset management. Mr. Cluff has an extensive background in public and private businesses giving him strong analytical, planning,
and organization ability with effective negotiation skills. From 2003 through the present, Mr. Cluff has worked in commercial real estate.
Mr. Cluff attended the University of Utah and served in the United States Army. 

Other
Directorships 

Other
than as set forth above, none of our directors hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant
to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Board
of Directors and Director Nominees 

Since
our Board of Directors does not include a majority of independent directors, the decisions of the Board regarding director nominees are
made by persons who have an interest in the outcome of the determination. The Board will consider candidates for directors proposed by
security holders, although no formal procedures for submitting candidates have been adopted. Unless otherwise determined, at any time
not less than 90 days prior to the next annual Board meeting at which a slate of director nominees is adopted, the Board will accept
written submissions from proposed nominees that include the name, address and telephone number of the proposed nominee; a brief statement
of the nominee s qualifications to serve as a director; and a statement as to why the security holder submitting the proposed nominee
believes that the nomination would be in the best interests of our security holders. If the proposed nominee is not the same person as
the security holder submitting the name of the nominee, a letter from the nominee agreeing to the submission of his or her name for consideration
should be provided at the time of submission. The letter should be accompanied by a r sum supporting the nominee s
qualifications to serve on the Board, as well as a list of references. 

The
Board identifies director nominees through a combination of referrals from different people, including management, existing Board members
and security holders. Once a candidate has been identified, the Board reviews the individual s experience and background and may
discuss the proposed nominee with the source of the recommendation. If the Board believes it to be appropriate, Board members may meet
with the proposed nominee before making a final determination whether to include the proposed nominee as a member of the slate of director
nominees submitted to security holders for election to the Board. 

Some
of the factors, which the Board considers when evaluating proposed nominees, include their knowledge of and experience in business matters,
finance, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions. The Board may request additional information from each candidate prior to reaching
a determination, and it is under no obligation to formally respond to all recommendations, although as a matter of practice, it will
endeavor to do so. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Our
directors are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of
interest in allocating their time between our operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities,
they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities
to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in business activities
similar to those we intend to conduct. 

26 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to the corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. 

We
plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits
those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. 

Significant
Employees 

Other
than as described herein, we do not expect any other individuals to make a significant contribution to our business. 

Legal
Proceedings 

None
of our directors, executive officers or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 

any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
 time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities
 or banking activities; or 

being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law, where the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

No
Audit Committee or Financial Expert 

The
Company does not have an audit committee or a financial expert serving on the Board of Directors. The Company plans to form and implement
an audit committee as soon as practicable. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our officers, directors, or persons nominated for such positions. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer, but intend to
do so this year. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, all executive officers, directors, and each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 10 of
the common stock of a company that files reports pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, are required to report the ownership
of such common stock, options, and stock appreciation rights (other than certain cash only rights) and any changes in that ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has evaluated all relevant Section 16(a) filings and has determined that the
company is compliant with this section to the best of its knowledge. 

27 

ITEM
11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Our
Board of Directors has not established a separate compensation committee. Instead, the Board of Directors reviews and approves executive
compensation policies and practices, reviews salaries and bonuses for our officer(s), decides on benefit plans, and considers other matters
as may, from time to time, be referred to it. We do not currently have a Compensation Committee Charter. Our Board continues to emphasize
the important link between our performance, which ultimately benefits all shareholders, and the compensation of our executives. Therefore,
the primary goal of our executive compensation policy is to closely align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the
executive officer(s). In order to achieve this goal, we attempt to (i) offer compensation opportunities that attract and retain executives
whose abilities and skills are critical to our long-term success and reward them for their efforts in ensuring our success and (ii) encourage
executives to manage from the perspective of owners with an equity stake in us. 

Compensation
Table for Executives 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Trent D Ambrosio, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, 
 2022 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 
 
 President, Secretary, and Director 
 2021 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 300,000 

Whit Cluff, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Director 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,070 
 10,070 

(1) 
 Mr.
 D ambrosi s employment agreement compensates him 300,000 per year. However, the Company didn t pay him that full
 amount during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, he was paid 162,319
 and 234,970, respectively. The Company also recorded 132,319 and 65,030 as deferred salaries payable for the fiscal years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company has an employment agreement with its chief executive officer, Trent D Ambrosio. The employment agreement was effective
as of April 1, 2019 and provides for compensation of 300,000 annually. This agreement is effective for 60 months. Additionally, the
employment agreement provides for benefits and an optional annual bonus to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services. We have no formal plan to compensating our directors in the future
in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive options to purchase shares of our common
stock as awarded by our Board of Directors or by any compensation committee that may be established. 

28 

Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to our directors or executive officers. We have
no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive
officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
do not currently have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors or a committee performing similar functions. All members of
the Board of Directors participate in the consideration of executive officer and director compensation. 

ITEM
12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 

The
following table lists, as of April 14, 2023, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each
person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and
director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock
by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts
under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security
if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power,
which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security
of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules,
more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner
of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting
and investment power. 

The
percentages below are calculated based on 2,481,653,106 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 14, 2023. Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed is c/o Inception Mining, Inc., 5330 South 900 East, Suite 280, Murray, UT 84117. 

29 

Title of Class 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 

Common Stock 
 Legends Capital Group, LLC (2) 

782 E. Pioneer Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 215,971,588 
 8.7 

Common Stock 
 Madison, LLC (2) 

782 E. Pioneer Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 2,495,855 
 0.1 

Common Stock 
 Jason Briggs (3) 

782 E. Pioneer Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 935,946 
 0.02 

Common Stock 
 LW Briggs Irrevocable Trust (2) 

782 E. Pioneer
Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 314,977,006 
 12.69 

Common Stock 
 Clavo Rico, Inc. (2) 

782 E. Pioneer Road Draper, Utah 84120 
 965,137,143 
 38.89 

Common Stock 
 Claymore Management (2) 

782 E. Pioneer Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 52,857,143 
 2.13 

Common Stock 
 Pine Valley Investments (2) 

782 E. Pioneer Road 

Draper, Utah 84120 
 32,928,571 
 1.33 

All 5 beneficial owners as a group 
 
 1,585,303,252 
 63.84 

(1) 

Percentage
 of ownership is based on 2,481,653,106 common shares outstanding as of April 14, 2023. The number and percentage of shares
 beneficially owned is determined under the rules of the SEC and the ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has
 sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days
 through the exercise of any stock option or other right. 

(2) 
 Beneficially
 controlled by Jason Briggs. 

(3) 
 Includes
 additional shares beneficially owned by Jason Briggs including 311,982 shares owned personally and 623,964 shares owned by the
 Debbie Briggs Irrevocable Trust for which Jason Briggs serves as
 trustee. 

Amount and 

Nature of 

Title of 
 Beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Class 
 Ownership (1) 
 Class (2) 

Trent D Ambrosio (3) 
 Common Stock 
 512,475,815 
 20.65 

Preferred Stock 
 51 
 100.00 
 
 Whit Cluff 
 Common Stock 
 67,202,731 
 2.7 
 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group 
 
 579,678,546 
 23.35 

(1) 
 Percentage
 of ownership is based on 2,481,653,106 common shares outstanding as of April 14, 2023. The number and percentage of shares beneficially
 owned is determined under the rules of the SEC and the ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared
 voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise
 of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
 of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained
 in the footnotes to this table. 

(2) 
 SEC
 Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial owners of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares
 voting power and/or investment power with respect to such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
 of such security within 60 days. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges
 exercisable within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned
 by that person. Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by
 any other person. At the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants. 

(3) 

(4) 
 Mr.
 D Ambrosio, a Director of the Company, owns 51 shares of preferred stock with voting
 rights per share equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied by the total issued and outstanding shares
 of Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the Numerator ),
 divided by (y) 0.49, minus (x) the Numerator. He is also the beneficial owner of 23,200,857
 shares through his wife, Debra D Ambrosio. 
 
 Mr.
 Cluff, a Director of the Company, owns 45,631,303 shares personally and beneficially owns 16,428,571 shares through his wife, Fran
 Rich, and 5,142,857 shares through the Cluff-Rich 401K. 

30 

SEC
Rule 13d-3 generally provides that beneficial owners of securities include any person who, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting
power and/or investment power with respect to such securities, and any person who has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of such
security within 60 days. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges exercisable
within 60 days are treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities owned by that person.
Such securities are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any other person. At
the present time there are no outstanding options or warrants held by directors or officers of the Company. 

Changes
in Control 

On February 1, 2023, the Company issued 2,237,019,090 shares of its common
stock to certain service providers and to certain creditors in conversion of debt. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have one equity compensation plan: the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan. 

ITEM
13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

In
February 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a stockholder/director. The Company agreed to pay 18,000 per month
for twelve months. This agreement was renegotiated in October 2017 and the Company agreed to pay the stockholder/director 25,000 per
month starting in October 2017. This agreement was superseded by an Employment Agreement as of July 1, 2018 (see Employment Agreements
below). As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed 1,035,000 to the stockholder/director in accrued consulting fees. 

Mr.
Cluff currently serves as a director of the Company and has a separate agreement as a consultant of the Company effective as of October
2, 2015. 

The
Company has an employment agreement with its chief executive officer, Trent D Ambrosio. The employment agreement was effective
as of April 1, 2019 and provides for compensation of 300,000 annually. This agreement is effective for 60 months. Additionally, the
employment agreement provides for benefits and an optional annual bonus to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

The
Company took several short-term notes payable from related parties during 2022. The Company received 996,210 in cash from related
parties and paid out 473,900 in cash to related parties on notes payable (see Note 9). 

Director
Independence 

Our
securities are quoted on the OTC Markets, which does not have any director independence requirements. Once we engage further directors
and officers, we plan to develop a definition of independence and scrutinize our Board of Directors with regard to this definition. 

Parents
of the Smaller Reporting Company 

We
have no parents. 

31 

ITEM
14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us by our principal accountants during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Fee
 Category 
 
 2022 

2021 

Audit
 Fees 

93,000 

91,582 

Audit-related
 Fees 

- 

- 

Tax
 Fees 

- 

- 

All
 Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total
 Fees 

93,000 

91,582 

Audit
Fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by our principal
accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related
Fees - Consists of fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountants that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

Tax
Fees - Consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountants for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees - Consists of fees for products and services provided by our principal accountants, other than the services reported under
 Audit fees, Audit-related fees, and Tax fees above. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

We
have not adopted an Audit Committee; therefore, there is no Audit Committee policy in this regard. However, we do require approval in
advance of the performance of professional services to be provided to us by our principal accountant. Additionally, all services rendered
by our principal accountant are performed pursuant to a written engagement letter between us and the principal accountant. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)(2) 
 
 Financial
 Statements. See the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained in Item 8 above which are incorporated
 herein by this reference. 

(a)(3) 
 
 Exhibits.
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, effective March 5, 2010(2) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, effective June 23, 2010(3) 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Merger, effective May 17, 2013 (4) 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws (1) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

32 

4.2 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement entered by and between Inception Mining Inc. and Accredited Investors (5) 

4.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Typenex Co-Investment, LLC dated February 27, 2017(13) 

4.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Typenex Co-Investment, LLC dated February 27, 2017(13) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock issued to Labrys Fund LP dated March 7, 2017(13) 

4.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Labrys Fund LP dated March 7, 2017(13) 

4.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Labrys Fund LP dated March 7, 2017 (13) 

4.8 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. on April 21, 2017(14) 

4.9 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated April 21, 2017 (14) 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated February 25, 2013, by and between Gold American, its majority shareholder Brett Bertolami, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Inception Development Inc. on one hand, and Inception Resources, LLC on the other hand (6) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Michael Ahlin dated February 25, 2013 (6) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Whit Cluff dated February 25, 2013 (6) 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Brian Brewer dated February 25, 2013 (6) 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement with Michael Ahlin dated August 1, 2015 (11) 

10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Michael Ahlin dated January 1, 2017 (13) 

10.8 
 
 Debt Exchange Agreement by and between Gold American Mining Corp. and Brett Bertolami dated February 25, 2013 (6) 

10.9 
 
 Agreement by and between Crawford Cattle Company LLC, as seller, and, Inception Mining Inc., as Buyer dated as of August 30, 2013 (7) 

10.10 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated August 4, 2015 (11) 

10.11 
 
 Addendum to Agreement and Plan of Merger (11) 

10.13 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement with Corpus Mining and Exploration, LTD dated as of October 1, 2017. (15) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement with Trent D Ambrosio (16) 

10.15 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement (16) 

10.16 
 
 Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Note (16) 

10.17 

Warrant (16) 

10.18 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Antilles Family Office, LLC dated January 18, 2023 (17) 

10.19 
 
 Letter
 of Intent with Mother Lode Mining, Inc. effective as of January 24, 2023 (18) 

33 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on October 31, 2007. 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2010. 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2010. 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 20, 2013. 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2013. 

(6) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2013. 

(7) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6, 2013. 

(8) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 20, 2014. 

(9) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2014. 

(10) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2014. 

(11) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 7, 2015. 

(12) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 3, 2016. 

(13) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2017. 

(14) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 16, 2017. 

(15) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2017. 

(16) 
 
 (17) 
 
 (18) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 2, 2019. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2023. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INCEPTION
 MINING, INC. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Trent
 D Ambrosio 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Whit Cluff 

Whit
 Cluff 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

35 

INCEPTION
MINING, INC. 

CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 F-2 
 REPORT
 OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: 

PAGE 
 F-5 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND DECEMBER 31, 2021 

PAGE 
 F-6 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

PAGE 
 F-7 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

PAGE 
 F-8 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

PAGES 
 F-9
 F-28 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Inception Mining, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Inception Mining, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, has an accumulated deficit, a working capital
deficiency and negative cash flows from operations, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Determination
and Valuation of Derivative Liabilities 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described further in Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, and in prior periods,
the Company issued convertible notes that required management to assess whether the conversion features of the convertible notes required
bifurcation and separate valuation as a derivative liability. The Company determined that the conversion features of certain of its convertible
notes issued in financing arrangements required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities and accordingly were recorded at fair value
when issued and subsequently re-measured to fair value upon settlement or at the end of each reporting period. The Company utilized either
a monte carlo simulation with a geometric stock path, or an enterprise valuation-based model to determine the fair value of the derivative
liabilities, depending on the nature of the instrument, and such models used certain assumptions related to exercise price, term, expected
volatility, and risk-free interest rate. 

We
identified auditing the determination and valuation of the derivative liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements
used by the Company in determining whether the embedded conversion features required derivative accounting treatment and the significant
judgements used in determining the fair value of the derivative liabilities. Auditing the determination and valuation of the derivative
liabilities involved a high degree of auditor judgement, and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures included the following, among others: 

We
 inspected and reviewed debt and other agreements to evaluate the Company s determination of whether derivative accounting was
 required, including assessing and evaluating management s application of relevant accounting standards to such transactions. 

We
 evaluated the appropriateness and mechanical accuracy of each model utilized. 

We
 tested the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the Company in the respective models, including exercise price, expected term,
 expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and market capitalization. 

We
 tested the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions used in the valuation models. 

We
 developed an independent expectation for comparison to the Company s estimate. 

We
 evaluated the accuracy and completeness of the Company s presentation of these instruments in the financial statements and
 related disclosures in Note 4, including evaluating whether such disclosures were in accordance with relevant accounting standards. 

Professionals
with specialized skills and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the Company s estimate of fair value
and in some cases the development of our own independent expectations. 

Classification
of Discontinued Operations 

As
described in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company committed to a plan
to sell the Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V CMCS subsidiary.
Management concluded that the held for sale criteria had been met related to CMCS and reflected the results of this business as a discontinued
operation in the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. Management presents discontinued operations when there
is a disposal or anticipated disposal of a component group or a group of components that, in management s judgment, represents
a strategic shift in the business that will have a major effect on operations and financial results. Upon the decision to sell CMSC,
the net assets of CMCS were reclassified as held for sale in accordance with the authoritative guidance. 

We
identified the classification of CMCS as held for sale and as a discontinued operation as a critical audit matter because evaluating
management s analysis involved a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity due to the assumptions made by management when
assessing whether CMCS met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, including the probability of the sale being completed within
one year. 

F- 3 

Our
audit procedures related to the classification of CMCS as held for sale and as discontinued operations included the following, among
others: 

We
 tested management s assertion that CMCS met the criteria to be presented as held for sale at the balance sheet date, including
 the financial reporting presentation and disclosure requirements of such assertion. 

We
 tested management s assertion that CMCS should be presented as a discontinued operation, including the financial reporting
 implications of CMCS s classification. 

We
 inquired of management and inspected evidence that management planned to sell the business. 

We
 evaluated the evidence, including testing completeness and accuracy of information provided by the entity used in the Company s
 evaluation of whether CMCS met the criteria for discontinued operations, including the probability of the sale being completed within
 one year. Evidence that we examined included, but is not limited to, board meeting minutes for approval from the Board of Directors
 to sell CMCS, letters of intent with third parties for the purchase of CMCS, and a share purchase agreement for the sale of CMCS.
 We also evaluated the accuracy and appropriateness of the Company s financial reporting and disclosure for CMCS s classification
 as held for sale and as a discontinued operation. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

April
17, 2023 

F- 4 

Inception
Mining, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets held for sale 

Total Current Assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Right of use operating lease asset 

Other assets 

Other non-current assets held for sale 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest - related parties 

Operating lease liability - current portion 

Note payable - current portion 
 - 

Notes payable - related parties 

Convertible notes payable - net of discount 

Derivative liabilities 

Current liabilities held for sale 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term note payable 

Long-term notes payable - related parties, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Long-term liabilities held for sale 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Controlling Interest 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Inception
Mining, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Precious Metals Income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 - 
 - 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Other income (expense) 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Change in derivative liability 

Change in marketable securities 
 - 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Interest expense 

Total Other Income/(Expenses) 

Net Loss from Operations before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Loss from Continuing Operations 

Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Provision for Income Taxes on Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss 

Net Loss - Non-Controlling Interest 

Net Loss - Controlling Interest 

Net loss per share - Continuing Operations - Basic and Diluted 

Net loss per share - Discontinued Operations - Basic and Diluted 

Net loss per share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - Basic 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - Diluted 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Exchange differences arising on translating foreign operations 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Non-Controlling Interest 

Total Comprehensive Loss - Controlling Interest 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Inception
Mining, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock 
 Common stock 
 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Non- 
 Total 

0.00001 Par) 
 0.00001 Par) 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Deficiency 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Shares issued upon conversions of note payable 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Shares issued upon conversions of note payable 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the Year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Inception
Mining, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Net Loss from discontinued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Change in derivative liability 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Change in marketable securities 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related parties 

Secured borrowings 
 - 

Operating cash flows from discontinued operations 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Proceeds on sale of marketable securities 
 - 

Investing activities of discontinued operations 

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Repayment of notes payable 

Repayment of notes payable-related parties 

Repayment of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of secured borrowings 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable-related parties 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Financing activities of discontinued operations 
 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Less Cash of Discontinued Operations at End of Period 

Cash of Continued Operations at End of Period 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Finance leases to acquire equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Inventory used to satisfy note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Recognition of debt discounts on convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable issued for finance lease payments 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Inception
Mining, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

to . 

On
June 23, 2010 the Company amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Gold American Mining Corp. 

On
November 21, 2012, the Company implemented a . This reverse stock split was effective on February
13, 2013. All share and per share references have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this 200 to 1 reverse stock split in the financial
statements and in the notes to financial statements for all periods presented, to reflect the stock split as if it occurred on the first
day of the first period presented. 

On
February 25, 2013, Gold American Mining Corp. and its majority shareholder (the Majority Shareholder ), and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, shares of common stock of Inception, the assumption of promissory
notes in the amount of and the assignment of a net royalty. Inception Resources was an entity owned by and under the control
of the majority shareholder. This transaction is deemed an asset purchase by entities under common control. The Asset Purchase Agreement
closed on February 25, 2013 (the Closing ). Inception was a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule
12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) immediately prior to our acquisition of the gold mine pursuant to the terms
of the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

On
May 17, 2013, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to change its name to Inception Mining, Inc. Inception 
or the Company ). 

On
October 2, 2015, the Company consummated a merger with Clavo Rico Ltd. Clavo Rico ). Clavo Rico is a privately held Turks
and Caicos company with principal operations in Honduras, Central America. Clavo Rico operates the Clavo Rico mining concession through
its subsidiaries Compa a Minera Cerros del Sur, S.A de C.V. and Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V.
and holds other mining concessions. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued of shares of common stock of Inception
and assumed promissory notes in the amount of and accrued interest of . Under this merger agreement, there was a
change in control and it has been treated for accounting purposes as a reverse recapitalization with Clavo Rico, Ltd. being the surviving
entity. Its workings include several historical underground operations dating back to the early Mayan and Spanish occupation. 

On
January 11, 2016, the Company implemented a . This reverse stock split was effective on May 26, 2016. All
share and per share references have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this in the financial statements
and in the notes to financial statements for all periods presented, to reflect the stock split as if it occurred on the first day of
the first period presented. Immediately before the Reverse Split, the Company had shares of common stock outstanding. Immediately
after the Reverse Split, the Company had shares of common stock outstanding, pending fractional-share rounding-up calculations
to adjust for the Reverse Split. 

On January 12, 2023,
Inception Mining, Inc. (the Company entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent (the LOI with Mother
Lode Mining, Inc. MLM ). The LOI became binding on January 24, 2023 . 

Pursuant to the terms of the LOI, the Company agreed
to sell all of the shares of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Compa a Minera Cerros Del Sur, S.A. de C.V. CMCS ),
to MLM. CMCS is the Honduran-based company that owns the Clavo Rico mine. 

Since the Divestiture of the Clavo Rico Mine, the
Company has been operating as a consultant and advisor to the mining industry, including to Mother Lode Mining, the new owner of the Clavo
Rico mine. It also has an ongoing financial interest in the Clavo Rico Mine under the LOI. 

COVID-19
 The Company has been impacted significantly by the COVID-19 global pandemic. In response to COVID-19, national and local
governments around the world have instituted certain measures, including travel bans, prohibitions on group events and gatherings, shutdowns
of certain businesses, curfews, shelter-in-place orders, and recommendations to practice social distancing. Based on management s
assessment as of December 31, 2022, the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on the Company s business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows is dependent on future developments, including the duration of the pandemic and the related length of its impact
on the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. 

, a working capital deficit
of and used in cash for operating activities. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. 

The
Company s existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations and to obtain additional funding
sources. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution
of the Company s liquidity problems. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might result should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management
is currently working to make changes that will result in profitable operations and to obtain additional funding sources to meet the Company s
need for cash during the next twelve months and beyond. 

.
The Company has never experienced any losses in such accounts. 

The
Company capitalizes costs for mining properties by individual property and defers such costs for later amortization only if the prospects
for economic productions are reasonably certain. 

Capitalized
costs are expensed in the period when the determination has been made that economic production does not appear reasonably certain. 

Total
 Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The
fair value of financial instruments on December 31, 2021 are summarized below: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrant liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Debt derivative liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

The
Company recognizes its marketable securities as level 1 and values its marketable securities using the methods discussed below. While the Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes
that the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a
different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 

The
Company recognizes its derivative liabilities as level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below in Note 4. While
the Company believes that its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the
use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different
estimate of fair value at the reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods
discussed below in Note 4 are that of volatility and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

to years 
 
 Vehicles
 and equipment 
 
 to years 
 
 Processing
 and laboratory 
 
 to years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 
 
 to years 

common share equivalents have been excluded from the diluted loss per share calculation for the year ended December 31,
2022 because it would be anti-dilutive. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. In evaluating
the Company s ability to recover its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including
scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations.
In projecting future taxable income, the Company develops assumptions including the amount of future state and federal pretax operating
income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions
require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, and are consistent with the plans and estimates that the Company
is using to manage the underlying businesses. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which the Company
does not consider realization of such deferred tax assets to be more likely than not. 

Changes
in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. Management is not aware of any such
changes that would have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 

segment and therefore segment information is not presented. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

There
were 
stockpiles at December 31, 2022 and 2021. All inventories are included in Note 17 Discontinued Operations. 

Transfers in upon initial fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities and warrant liability 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Derivative
Liabilities The Company issued convertible promissory notes which are convertible into common stock, at holders option,
at a discount to the market price of the Company s common stock. The Company has identified the embedded derivatives related to
these notes relating to certain anti-dilutive (reset) provisions. These embedded derivatives included certain conversion features. The
accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception
date of debenture and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company marked to market the fair value of the debt derivatives and determined a fair value of .
The Company recorded a gain from change in fair value of debt derivatives of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair
value of the embedded derivatives was determined using the Binomial Option Pricing Model, the Monte Carlo Valuation Model and the Company s
Enterprise Valuation Model. The Binomial Option Pricing Model was based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of ,
(2) expected volatility of ,
(3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 
(4) expected life of 
 years, and (5) the quoted market price of the
Company s common stock at each valuation date. The Monte Carlo Valuation Model was based on the following assumptions: (1) expected
volatility of ,
(2) weighted average risk-free interest rate of 
and (3) expected life of 
 years. The Company s Enterprise Valuation
Model was based on the following assumptions: (1) outstanding note balance at December 31, 2022 of ,
(2) outstanding shares of common stock at December 31, 2022 of 
 shares and (3) closing stock price on December
31, 2022 of 
 per share. 

Based
upon ASC 840-15-25, the Company has adopted a sequencing approach regarding the application of ASC 815-40
to its outstanding convertible notes. Pursuant to the sequencing approach, the Company evaluates its contracts based upon earliest issuance
date. 

Warrant
Liabilities Prior to the periods being reported, the Company issued warrants in conjunction with the issuance of three Crown
Bridge Convertible Notes and a Convertible Note with an investor. These warrants contained certain reset provisions. The accounting treatment
of derivative financial instruments required that the Company record fair value of the derivatives as of the inception date (issuance
date) and to fair value as of each subsequent reporting date. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had a warrant liability of . The Company recorded a loss from change in fair value of warrant liability
of for the period ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of the embedded derivatives was determined using the Binomial Option Pricing
Model. The Binomial Option Pricing Model was based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of , (2) expected volatility of
 to , (3) weighted average risk-free interest rate of to (4) expected life of to years, and (5) the
quoted market price of the Company s common stock at each valuation date. 

Office Equipment and Furniture 

Property, Plant and Equipment Gross 

Less Accumulated Depreciation 

Total Property, Plant and Equipment 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized depreciation expense of and , respectively. 

On
February 21, 2021, the Company sold the Up Burlington property and mineral rights to Ounces High Exploration, Inc. in exchange
for in cash consideration and shares of common stock of Hawkstone Mining Limited, a publicly-traded Australian company.
The value of this property had previously been reduced to zero in previous years, so the Company recorded a gain on sale on mining property
of . 

Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued Salaries and Benefits 

Advances Payable 
 - 

Total Accrued Liabilities 

.
The terms of the arrangements require the Company to pay the combined principal balance plus a guaranteed return of no less than 10 percent,
or ,
for a total expected remittance of .
The maturity date of the notes was . On December 26, 2020, the Company entered
into two new financing arrangements with third parties for a combined principal amount of .
The terms of the arrangements require the Company to pay the combined principal balance plus a guaranteed return of no less than 10 percent,
or ,
for a total expected remittance of .
Also on that day, one of the lenders chose to liquidate a portion of his balance amounting to .
This amount was paid to the lender in January 2021. The maturity date of the notes was . In May 2021, the remaining agreements
were liquidated for an amount totaling .
The terms of repayment allow the Company to remit to the lender a certain quantity of gold to satisfy the liability though the Company
expects to liquidate gold held and satisfy the liability in cash. 

Small Business Administration 
 - 

Total Notes Payable 

Less Short-Term Notes Payable 
 - 

Total Long-Term Notes Payable 

Phil
Zobrist On January 11, 2013, the Company issued an unsecured Promissory Note to Phil Zobrist in the principal amount of 
(the Note due on demand and bearing per annum interest. The total net proceeds the Company received was . On
October 2, 2015, the Company entered into a new convertible note with Phil Zobrist that matures on and bears per
annum interest. The Company agreed to accrue interest from inception of these Notes in the amount of and charged this amount
to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at
a price of pre-split) or a discount to the average of the three lowest VWAP of the common stock during the 20-trading
day period prior to conversion. On October 2, 2016, the Company renegotiated the note payable. The convertible feature was removed, and
the note was extended until . The Company recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of for the remaining
derivative liability and of for the remaining debt discount. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was 
and accrued interest was . 

Small
Business Administration On April 17, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured Promissory Note to the Small Business Administration
in the principal amount of (the Note that matures on and bearing per annum interest as part
of the Covid-19 Cares Act. The total net proceeds the Company received was . On April 30, 2021, the Company issued an additional
unsecured Promissory Note to the Small Business Administration in the principal amount of that matures on and
bears per annum interest under additional funding of the Covid-19 Cares Act. The total net proceeds the Company received was .
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received forgiveness on the first loan in the amount of under the Covid-19
Cares Act. During the nine months ended September 30, 2022, the Company received forgiveness on the second loan in the amount of 
under the Covid-19 Cares Act. Since September 2021, the Company made monthly payments on the first loan that amount to . As of
December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was 0 and accrued interest was . 

Claymore Management 

Cluff-Rich PC 401K 

- 
 
 Debra D ambrosio 

Francis E. Rich IRA 

Legends Capital 

LWB Irrev Trust 

MDL Ventures 

Pine Valley Investments 

WOC Energy LLC 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Notes Payable - Related Parties 

Less Short-Term Notes Payable - Related Parties 

Total Long-Term Notes Payable - Related Parties 

Clavo
Rico, Incorporated On April 5, 2019, GAIA Ltd and Silverbrook Corporation assigned of the outstanding principal balance
of their notes and all accrued interest to Clavo Rico, Incorporated. The GAIA Ltd and Silverbrook Corporation notes had been extended
until and bear per annum interest. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the notes was and accrued
interest was . 

Claymore
Management On October 2, 2016, the note was extended until . As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance
of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Cluff-Rich
PC 401K On June 29, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Cluff-Rich PC 401K in the principal
amount of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
balance of the Note was and accrued interest was . 

D.
D Ambrosio On January 1, 2022, there was three unsecured Short-Term Promissory Notes to D. D Ambrosio in the
principal amount of outstanding from 2021. During 2022, the Company has issued fourteen unsecured Short-Term Promissory Notes
to D. D Ambrosio in principal amounts totaling (the Notes that all bear a interest rate. During 2022,
the Company has made payments totaling towards the principal balances of and accrued interest of . As of December
31, 2022, there were three Notes outstanding with outstanding balance of the Notes of and accrued interest of . 

Francis
E. Rich On May 24, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Francis E. Rich in the principal amount
of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
balance of the Note was and accrued interest was . 

Francis
E. Rich On November 25, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Francis E. Rich in the principal
amount of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding
balance of the Note was and accrued interest was . 

Legends
Capital Group On October 2, 2016, the notes were extended until . As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance
of the note was and accrued interest was . 

LW
Briggs Irrevocable Trust On October 2, 2016, the notes were extended until . As of December 31, 2022, the
gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

MDL
Ventures The Company entered into an unsecured convertible note payable agreement with MDL Ventures, LLC, which is owned
by a Company officer, effective October 1, 2014, due on and bears 18 per annum interest, due at maturity. Principal
on the convertible note is convertible into common stock at the holder s option at a price of the lower of pre-split)
or of the lowest three daily volume weighted average prices of the Company s common stock during the consecutive days prior
to the date of conversion. On October 2, 2016, the Company renegotiated the note payable. The convertible feature was removed, and the
note was extended until . The Company recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of for the remaining
derivative liability. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Pine
Valley Investments, LLC On December 6, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Pine Valley Investments,
LLC in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. This note has
been extended until . As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Note was and accrued interest was
 . 

Pine
Valley Investments, LLC On April 29, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Pine Valley Investments,
LLC in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Note was and accrued interest was . 

Pine
Valley Investments, LLC On August 15, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured Short-Term Promissory Note to Pine Valley Investments,
LLC in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears a interest rate. As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Note was and accrued interest was . 

- 
 
 Antczak Polich Law LLC 

Antilles Family Office LLC 

Scotia International 

Total Convertible Notes Payable 

Less Unamortized Discount 

Total Convertible Notes Payable, Net of Unamortized Debt Discount 

Less Short-Term Convertible Notes Payable 

Total Long-Term Convertible Notes Payable, Net of Unamortized Debt Discount 
 - 
 - 

1800
Diagonal Lending LLC On October 18, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note Note to 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC 1800 ), in the principal amount of (the Note due on 
and bears per annum interest, due at maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was (less an original issue discount OID of ). The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a discount of the average
of the three lowest trading price of the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to conversion. On November 30, 2022, the
Company paid towards the principal balance of and in accrued interest and prepayment penalty. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company amortized of debt discount to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31,
2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Antczak
Polich Law, LLC On August 1, 2018, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note Note to Antczak
Polich Law, LLC Antczak ), in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears
 per annum interest, due at maturity. This Note was issued for in legal fees due to Antczak for its services related to several
legal issues handled for the Company. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a fixed conversion price
of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Antczak
Polich Law, LLC On December 1, 2018, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note Note to
Antczak Polich Law, LLC Antczak ), in the principal amount of (the Note due on 
and bears per annum interest, due at maturity. This Note was issued for in legal fees due to Antczak for its services related
to several legal issues handled for the Company. The Note is convertible into common stock, at holder s option, at a fixed conversion
price of per share. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Antilles
Family Office LLC On May 20, 2019, the Company issued a secured Convertible Promissory Note Note to an Investor,
in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears default) per annum interest, due
at maturity. The total net proceeds the Company received was . On November 24, 2021, the Note was assigned by the Investor
to Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles ). . Market price means the mathematical average of the five lowest individually daily volume weighted
average prices of the common stock from the period beginning on the issuance date and ending on the maturity date. The conversion price
has a floor price of per share of common stock. The Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in connection
with this note. The warrants have a and an exercise price as follows: at an exercise price of per share,
 at an exercise price of per share and at an exercise price of per share. The proceeds were allocated
between the note for and the warrants for . The note has an early payoff penalty of of the then outstanding
face value. On July 29, 2019, the investor converted of the principal balance into shares of common stock valued at
 per share. The Company recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of . During 2020, the investor converted 
of the principal balance into shares of common stock. The Company recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of .
The Company also made cash payments of towards the principal balance of the note. The Company has required payments as follows:
 in 2021 and the remaining balance due in 2022. During 2020, the Company experienced a triggering event. As a result, the interest
rate increased to for the life of the note. On April 14, 2020, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with Investor in
which Investor agreed to rescind its prior declaration of an Event of Default under the May 20, 2019 Note Purchase Agreement and the
Company agreed to pay certain monthly and quarterly redemptions of the May 20, 2019 Note through 2022. Specifically, the Company agreed
to pay during 2020, during 2021 and delivered during each quarter of 2022 until the Note is converted or
redeemed in full. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the investor converted of the principal balance into shares
of common stock. The Company recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of . The Company also made cash payments of 
towards the principal balance of the note. The Investor assigned the Note to Antilles in November 2021. The Company is not current with
all payments due under the Forebearance Agreement. On December 30, 2021, the Company was served with a complaint filed by Antilles claiming
an amount of due from the Company. In the complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware,
Antilles alleges breach of contract and unjust enrichment against the Company and seeks a judgment in the collection action, an aware
of attorneys fees and other expenses, and injunctive relief to preserve the assets of the Company. The Company has responded to
the complaint with a motion to dismiss several counts of the complaint as impermissibly duplicative of the breach of contract claim,
and intends to defend the lawsuit aggressively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2022, the investor converted of the principal
balance into shares of common stock. The Company recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt of . As of December
31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest was . 

Scotia
International of Nevada, Inc. On January 10, 2019, the Company issued an unsecured Convertible Promissory Note Note to Scotia International of Nevada, Inc. Scotia ), in the principal amount of (the Note due on and bears per annum interest, due at maturity. The Note was issued as part of a buyout agreement on the net smelter royalty
due Scotia on the precious metals mined from the Company s mining operation in Honduras. For the nine months ended September 30, 2022, the Company amortized of debt discount
to current period operations as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, the gross balance of the note was and accrued interest
was . 

shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
January 15, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
February 5, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
February 9, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
February 17, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
February 22, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 2, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 8, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 11, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 15, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 5, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 20, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 28, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
May 11, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
May 21, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 18, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
July 2, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
July 18, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was for
 in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
October 7, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
November 23, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company issued to an Investor shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion was
for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of extinguishment
of debt of on this conversion. 

On
January 25, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice.
The conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 2, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 18, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion
was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 2, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion
was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 13, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 17, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
June 28, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The
conversion was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized
a loss of extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

On
July 8, 2022, the Company issued to Antilles Family Office, LLC shares of its common stock under a conversion notice. The conversion
was for in principal. The shares were valued at per share for a total value of . The Company recognized a loss of
extinguishment of debt of on this conversion. 

Warrants 

On
January 1, 2018, the Company issued warrants associated with the issuance of a convertible note payable to Crown Bridge Partners,
LLC. The warrants have a five -year life and are exercisable at per share. These warrants relative fair value, based on cash
proceeds allocation, was , which has been recorded warrant derivative liabilities. 

On
May 11, 2018, the Company issued warrants associated with the issuance of a convertible note payable to Crown Bridge Partners,
LLC. The warrants have a five -year life and are exercisable at per share. These warrants relative fair value, based on cash
proceeds allocation, was , which has been recorded warrant derivative liabilities. 

On
October 25, 2018, the Company issued warrants associated with the issuance of a convertible note payable to Crown Bridge Partners,
LLC. The warrants have a five -year life and are exercisable at per share. These warrants relative fair value, based on cash
proceeds allocation, was , which has been recorded warrant derivative liabilities. 

On
May 20, 2019, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with an investor (the Investor through which the Investor purchased (i) a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Note Note with a face value of 
that is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company and (ii) a warrant Warrant to purchase shares
of common stock of the Company. The warrant has a life of . The warrant is exercisable at the following prices 
shares of common stock at per share, shares of common stock at per share and shares of common stock at
 per share. These warrants relative fair value, based on cash proceeds allocation, was , which has been recorded
warrant derivative liabilities. 

The
Company re-valued the warrants at December 31, 2022 for and recorded a gain on the change in derivative liabilities of . 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Adjusted Net Loss - Controlling Interest 

Denominator 
 Shares 
 Shares 
 
 Basic Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding during Period 

Dilutive Shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding during Period 

Diluted Net Loss per Share 

during the period and paid of this tax
liability. The Company also accrued for an additional tax liability of along with penalties and interest of for an
ongoing tax audit for the fiscal year 2017. Also during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid estimated tax payments for
the current fiscal year totaling and accrued for another in estimated income tax for the fiscal year 2021. During 2022,
the Company paid for the 2021 tax liability and accrued for and estimated for the 2022 fiscal year. 

The
Company accounts for U.S. income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ASC 740-10-25 ). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. 

Meals and Entertainment 

Depreciation 
 - 

Change in Derivative Liability 

Amortization of Debt Discount 

Accrued Interest 

Change in Valuation of Allowance 

Tax Provision 

Federal, Average Corporate Rate) 

Net Operating Loss Carry-forwards 

Depreciation 

Accrued Interest 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Assets 
 - 
 - 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards for U.S. federal income tax purposes of
approximately and , respectively. A portion of the federal amount, , is subject to an annual limitation
of approximately as a result of a change in the Company s ownership through February 2013, as defined by Federal Internal
Revenue Code Section 382 and the related income tax regulations. As a result of the 20-year federal carry-forward period and the limitation,
approximately, of the net operating loss will expire unutilized. These net operating loss carry-forwards will expire through
the year ending . 

The
valuation allowance was established to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. This is
necessary due to the Company s continued operating losses and the uncertainty of the Company s ability to utilize all of
the net operating loss carry-forwards before they will expire through the year 2042. 

The
Company is subject to income tax in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company has not been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
in connection with income taxes. The Company s tax years beginning with the year ended June 30, 2012 through December 31, 2021
generally remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service until its net operating loss carry-forwards are utilized and the
applicable statutes of limitation have expired. 

per month for twelve months. This agreement was renegotiated in October 2017 and the Company agreed to pay the stockholder/director
 per month starting in October 2017. This agreement was superseded by an Employment Agreement as of July 1, 2018 (see Employment
Agreements below). As of December 31, 2022, the Company owed to the stockholder/director in accrued consulting fees. 

Employment
Agreements Mr. Cluff currently serves as a director of the Company and has a separate agreement as a consultant of the Company
effective as of October 2, 2015. 

The
Company has an employment agreement with its chief executive officer, Trent D Ambrosio. The employment agreement was effective
as of April 1, 2019 and provides for compensation of annually. This agreement is effective for months. Additionally, the
employment agreement provides for benefits and an optional annual bonus to be determined by the Board of Directors. 

Notes
Payable The Company took several short-term notes payable from related parties during 2022. The Company received 
in cash from related parties and paid out in cash to related parties on notes payable (see Note 9). 

On
December 30, 2021, the Company was served with a complaint filed by Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles alleging an
amount of (plus interest, additional costs and attorneys fees) due from the Company. Antilles was assigned a Secured
Redeemable Convertible Promissory Note from Discover Growth Fund, LLC in November 2021. In the complaint, filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware, Antilles asserts claims related to alleged breach of contract and unjust enrichment against
the Company, and seeks a monetary judgment, an award of attorneys fees and other expenses, and injunctive relief to preserve the
assets of the Company. The Company has responded to the complaint with a motion to dismiss several counts of the complaint as procedurally
improper or impermissibly duplicative of the breach of contract claim, and intends to defend the lawsuit aggressively. 

On
June 28, 2021, one of the Company s subsidiaries, Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V., settled a labor dispute
brought in Honduras by one of the Company s former employees for an amount of . The settlement included the Company and
all its related entities. 

On
March 4, 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V., was served with notice
of a civil litigation brought in Honduras by Empresa Agregados y Concretos S.A. Agrecon for an amount of approximately
 , which has been accrued by the Company as of December 31, 2022. The complaint alleges a dispute regarding the amounts owed
by the Company to Agrecon under a certain Material Crushing Agreement. The Company has responded disputing the amount owed and placed
 in a dedicated account while the case is being litigated and until the court makes its determination on any amounts owed. 

The
Servicio de administraci n de Rentas SAR, the tax authority in Honduras) has completed an audit of the Company s
tax returns for 2017 and 2018. The Company s subsidiary, Compa a Minera Clavo Rico, S.A. de C.V., has been served
with a lawsuit filed by SAR in Honduras alleging additional tax liability due. The Complaint alleges that HNL7,186,151,96 lempires are
due in a demand for execution of a forced extrajudicial title. The Company has accrued in this matter. 

In
the opinion of management, as of December 31, 2022, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such matters, if any, may be likely
to have a material impact on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity. However, as the outcome
of litigation and other claims is difficult to predict significant changes in the estimated exposures could exist. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE) 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE): 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other assets 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE): 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities - current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Taxes payable 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE) 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE): 

Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Mine reclamation obligation 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (HELD FOR SALE) 

In
accordance with the provisions of ASC 205-20, the Company has not included in the results of continuing operations the results of operations
of the discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The results of operations
from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and consist of the following. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Precious Metals Income 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

OPERATING EXPENSES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Other (income) expense 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSE OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Provision for income taxes of discontinued operations 

NET LOSS OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

In
accordance with the provisions of ASC 205-20, the Company has separately reported the cash flow activity of the discontinued operations
in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The cash flow activity from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 have been reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, and consist of the following. 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 DISCONTINUED OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Depreciation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities of discontinued operations 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES OF DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

Payments on finance leases 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of discontinued operations 
 
 - 

was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 3, 2023 to pay outstanding
debts owed by the Corporation; (b) was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 5, 2023 to satisfy existing debts of the Company;
(c) was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 16, 2023; (d) was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 17,
2023; (e) was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 18, 2023, to pay a settlement amount for existing debt of the Company;
(f) was delivered by MLM to the Company on January 23, 2023, to satisfy existing debts of the Company; (g) was delivered
by MLM to the Corporation on January 24, 2023 to satisfy existing debts of the Corporation. 

In addition to the amounts already delivered under
the LOI, an additional amount of 2,700,0000 shall be paid by MLM to the Company over a period of twenty-four (24) months (the Monthly
Payments ). The Monthly Payments shall be paid as follows: (i) due March 1, 2023, (ii) due on the first day of each
of April, May and June 2023, and (iii) due on the first day of each month for the following twenty months, until February 1,
2025 at which point all amounts due and payable hereunder shall be delivered in a final balloon payment. , subject to limited conditions . 

Following the Closing of the LOI on January 24, 2023, the Company divested
its ownership interest in CMCS and its interests in the Clavo Rico mine, resulting in the transfer of operations to Mother Lode Mining
and full control of the Clavo Rico mine asset. 

On December 30, 2021, the Company was served with a complaint filed by
Antilles Family Office, LLC Antilles asserting claims related to alleged breach of contract and unjust enrichment against
the Company. This matter was settled on January 18, 2023 in exchange for the payment of by the Company to Antilles. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Cluff-Rich 401(k) upon the conversion of 
in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Fran Rich upon the conversion of in existing
debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Debra D Ambrosio upon the conversion of 
in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Trent D Ambrosio upon the conversion of
 in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Kay Briggs upon the conversion of in existing
debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Legends Capital Group upon the conversion of 
in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to L W Briggs Irrevocable Trust upon the conversion
of in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Claymore Management upon the conversion of 
in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Clavo Rico Inc. upon the conversion of 
in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Pine Valley Investments upon the conversion of
 in existing debt owed to the shareholder that has been accrued by the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Whit Cluff for services rendered to the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Rod Sperry for services rendered to the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Brunson Chandler Jones, PLLC for services
rendered to the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Kyle Pickard for services rendered to the Company. 

On
February 1, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Justin Wilson for services rendered to the Company. 

On February 1, 2023,
the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to Sean Wilson for services rendered to the Company. 

F- 28 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES OF INCEPTION MINING INC. 

The
following is a summary of the material terms of the Inception Mining Inc. s common and preferred stock, which is based upon, and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to, applicable law and Inception Mining s Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the
 Inception Mining Articles of Incorporation ). For a complete description of the terms of Inception Mining s common
and preferred stock, refer to the Inception Mining Inc. s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, which are included as exhibits
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Classes
of Stock 

Inception
Mining Inc. has two classes of stock: common stock and preferred stock, with 10.310,000,000 shares of capital stock authorized consisting
of (i) 10.300,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.00001 par value. 

On
August 31, 2016, fifty-one shares of preferred stock were designated as Series A with voting rights equal to (x) 0.019607 multiplied
by the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock eligible to vote at the time of the respective vote (the Numerator ),
divided by (y) 0.49, minus (x) the Numerator. They have no rights of conversion. 

There
are 2,481,653,106 shares of our common stock were issued, issuable and outstanding as of April 14, 2023, and 51 shares of preferred stock
issued and outstanding as of April 14, 2023. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Trent D Ambrosio, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Trent D Ambrosio, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and have: 

(e) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(f) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(g) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(h) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(c) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(d) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Trent D Ambrosio,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Inception Mining Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Trent D Ambrosio,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Trent D Ambrosio 

Name: 
 Trent
 D Ambrosio 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 imii-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 imii-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 imii-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 imii-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

