<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1494413_0001262463-23-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6258980</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220922</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1107637</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1657096</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1463236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1692593</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001262463-23-000022.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403070516
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001262463-23-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Two Hands Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001494413
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				421770123
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56065
		FILM NUMBER:		23790589

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 QUEENSWAY EAST
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4Y 4C1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		416-357-0399

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1035 QUEENSWAY EAST
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			L4Y 4C1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TWO HANDS Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Innovative Product Opportunities Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100616

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001262463-23-000022.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 twoh202210k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

 (Mark One) 

 ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 x 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the last 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 x No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x 

State the aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter. . 

As of March 23, 2023, the registrant
had outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Documents incorporated by reference:
None. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 17 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 39 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 40 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 41 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 43 

Signatures 
 43 

3 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described
in this Form 10-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We do not
intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or
to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations is based upon, and should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our Business 

Overview 

The Company is focused exclusively on the grocery
market through three on-demand branches of its grocery businesses: gocart.city, Grocery Originals, and Cuore Food Services. All three
of such branches of the Company s business share industry standard warehouse storage space and inventory. The Company s inventory
is updated continuously and generally consists of produce, meats, pantry items, bakery pastry goods, gluten-free goods, and organic
items, acquired from various different suppliers in Canada and internationally, with whom the Company and its principals have cultivated
long-term relationships. 

On November 16, 2016, the Company changed the name
of its wholly owned subsidiary from I8 Interactive to Two Hands Canada Corporation. 

The
Company received approval from the Canadian Securities Exchange (the CSE to list its common shares (the Common Shares on the CSE. Trading of the Common Shares in the capital of the Company commenced on August 5, 2022, under the symbol TWOH . 

 gocart.city 

gocart.city is the Company s online delivery
marketplace, allowing consumers to shop online and have their groceries delivered. The gocart.city online platform stores all inventory
in the Company s warehouse located at its head office in Mississauga. The aim of gocart.city is to deliver fresh and high-quality
food products directly to retail consumers throughout Southern Ontario. The Company recently engaged local renowned chef, Grace DiFede,
to curate a new line of meal kits and bundles to sell on the gocart.city platform alongside the Company s other grocery essentials. 

The gocart.city platform is available online and through
applications for handheld devices supporting iOS or Android. The features and functions of gocart.city include customers having the ability
to search for products by category and name, customers saving items in their cart and being able to share their cart with others, and
being able to opt-in to digital weekly alerts that provide information on promotions and discounts on certain products. gocart.city also
includes standard payment options for customers, such as PayPal, American Express and Visa. 

The Company also employs a social media manager to
oversee and increase engagement with customers by using platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Google. The ads that are posted
on these platforms are generic branding related to the Company, as well as the promotion of particular sale items. Moreover, the Company
has agreements with SRAX, Inc. to boost such engagement. 

Grocery Originals 

Grocery Originals is the Company s brick-and-mortar
grocery store located in Mississauga Ontario at the site of the Company s warehouse. Grocery Originals was originally intended for
curbside pickup but has expanded into a full service store, that includes a deli, cold storage, a stone pizza oven, and offering a wide
variety of fresh and specialty meals curated by Grace Di Fede. 

Cuore Food Services 

from the Company s warehouse as well as inventory
it acquires on an ad hoc basis, and focuses on bulk delivery of goods to food service business such as restaurants, hotels, event planning/hosting
businesses. Orders distributed through Cuore Food Services can be made over the phone or online through a different front-end of the gocart.city
platform. 

Research and Development 

We did not incur any research and development costs
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

5 

Customers 

The Company plans to continue to expand it reach to
additional customers and geographies across Canada and continue to enhance its product offering with fresh, natural and organic foods.The
Company believes its value proposition has broad appeal with value-minded customers across all income levels, demographics and geographies.
The Company believes that its sustained focus on delivering ever-changing value deals will generate strong customer loyalty and brand
affinity. The Company believes that its broad customer appeal supports new store growth opportunities, and it plans to continue to expand
its reach to additional customers and geographies across Canada. 

Competition 

The Company operates in a dynamic and competitive
market. Other national and regional food distribution companies, along with non-traditional competitors, such as mass merchandisers, warehouse
clubs, and online retailers, represent a competitive risk to the Company s ability to attract customers and operate profitably.
The businesses the Company considers to be its main competitors are Loblaw Companies Limited, Sobeys Inc., Metro Inc. and Walmart Inc. 

The Company will experience competition from other
local grocery businesses and established chains, including well-capitalized chains or franchisors who have liquid capital available for
expansion, that can utilize their existing operations as well as their financial, technological, marketing and personnel resources and
high brand name recognition and awareness. 

The Company s indirect competition comes from
other businesses in the supermarkets and grocery stores industry, and those that specialize in groceries and those that do not. The Company s
direct competitors include other grocery stores, quick service pickup and delivery grocery businesses in the associated area. Additionally,
sales of groceries at other Canadian grocery stores may significantly impact the sales from the Company s business. 

Manufacturing and Product Sourcing 

Most supplies used are readily available from any
number of our local and international suppliers, at competitive prices. Delivery of product will vary depending on the area serviced and
the number of orders per day. 

Management's Plan of Operation 

The Company is focused exclusively on the grocery
market through three on-demand branches of its grocery businesses: gocart.city, Grocery Originals, and Cuore Food Services. 

The performance of the Company s business during
the COVID-19 pandemic illustrates the flexibility of its model as the Company was able to meet heightened demand with an assortment of
products that met customer preferences. The Company is still early-on in its development but sees a highly scalable business with lower
corporate fixed costs, providing protection in the event of an economic downturn. 

Products and Services 

The Company plans to continue to expand its reach
to additional customers and geographies across Canada and continue to enhance its product offering with fresh, natural and organic foods. 

Mobile Application 

V2 of the gocart.city mobile application will be a
subsequent release. The Company plans to further expand the features of the mobile application. Following the completion of V2 of the
mobile application, the Company will consider user behaviour and plans to expand the functionality and features of the mobile application
on an on-going basis going forward. 

Operations and Logistics 

The company plans to expand storage and warehousing,
expand warehouse staff, add more delivery trucks and expand the delivery area. 

Sales and Marketing 

The Company plans on utilizing and leveraging its agreement with SRAX,
Inc. and Adfuel Media Inc. to market its grocery delivery application and services and expand its footprint in the Ontario region and
beyond as its customer base grows. 

6 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

In carrying on its business, the Company is exposed
to a variety of risks, including the risks described elsewhere in this Prospectus. The Company can neither predict nor identify all such
risks nor can it accurately predict the impact, if any, of such risks on its business, operations or the extent to which one or more risks
or events may materially change future results of financial position from those reported or projected in any forward looking statements.
Accordingly, the Company cautions the reader not to rely on reported financial information and forward-looking statements to predict actual
future results. This Prospectus and the accompanying financial information should be read in conjunction with this statement concerning
risks and uncertainties. Some of the risks, uncertainties and events that may affect the Company, its business, operations, and results,
are given in this section. However, the list of risk factors below is not exhaustive and the factors and uncertainties that may impact
the Company are not limited to those stated below. Those listed and other risks not specifically referred to may in the future materially
affect the Company s financial performance, and accordingly an investment in the Company at this time involves a high degree of
risk, should be considered highly speculative in nature, and should be considered only by those who are able to bear the economic risk
of their investment for an indefinite period. 

The Company s ability to generate revenue and
achieve positive cash flow in the future is dependent upon various factors, including the level of market acceptance of its products,
the degree of competition encountered by the Company, technology risks, general economic conditions, and regulatory requirements. Moreover,
it is also possible that new competitors will enter the marketplace. The Company's future performance depends in part upon attracting
and retaining key technical, sales and management personnel. There can be no assurance that the Company can retain these personnel. As
such, these new competitors and the loss of the services of the Company's key employees could potentially have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. 

The following are certain risk factors relating to
the business carried on by the Company which prospective investors should carefully consider before deciding whether to purchase Company
Shares. The Company s business is subject to risk factors that are both specific and general in nature and which individually, or
in combination, may affect the future operating performance of the Company s business and the value of an investment in the Company.
The Company will face a number of challenges in the development of building its business. Readers should carefully consider all such risks,
including those set out in the discussion below. The following is a description of the principal risk factors affecting the Company that
will, in turn, affect the Company. 

Description
of Risk Factors 

Risks Related to the Company s Business 

Competition to the Company 

The Company s business operates in a dynamic
and competitive market. Other food distribution companies, along with non-traditional competitors, such as mass merchandisers, warehouse
clubs, and online retailers, represent a competitive risk to the Company s ability to attract customers and operate profitably in
its markets. 

A significant risk to the Company is the potential
for reduced revenues and profit margins as a result of increased competition. A failure to maintain geographic diversification to reduce
the effects of localized competition could have an adverse impact on the Company s operating margins and results of operations.
The consolidation of industry competitors may also lead to increased competition and loss of market share. 

The Company s independent auditors have
expressed substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 17,137
and total liabilities of 1,924,171. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 21,693,111 and used
cash in operating activities of 840,745, and on December 31, 2022, had a shareholders deficit of 4,638,208. The Company is currently
funding its initial operations by way of loans from its Chief Executive Officer and others and through the issuance of Common Shares in
exchange for services. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm,
in their report on the Company s financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2022, expressed substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

If the Company is unable to raise enough capital
or obtain additional financing, it may not be able to fulfill its business plan. 

On December 31, 2022, the Company only had
 17,137 cash on hand. To date, the Company has funded its operations by way of cash advances from its Chief Executive Officer,
noteholders, shareholders and others on a as-needed basis. As such, the Company s operating capital is currently
limited to the personal resources of its Chief Executive Officer, noteholders, shareholders and others. If the Company is
unsuccessful at achieving a sufficient amount of net proceeds, it will continue to rely on loans from its Chief Executive Officer,
noteholders, shareholders and others although they are under no obligation to loan any money to the Company. the Company may also
raise capital in the future by relying on loans from third party lending sources. However, the Company believes it will be difficult
to secure capital in the future because it has no assets to secure debt and there is currently no active trading market for its
securities. The Company s inability to obtain financing or generate sufficient cash from operations could require it to reduce
or eliminate expenditures for developing products and services, or otherwise curtail or discontinue its operations, which could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent
that the Company raises additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such
securities may result in dilution to existing shareholders. If the Company raises additional funds through the issuance of debt
securities, these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of its Common Shares and the terms of
such debt could impose restrictions on its operations. 

7 

The Company s business could fail if its
principal executive officer, Nadav Elituv, is unable or unwilling to devote a sufficient amount of time to its business. 

The responsibility of developing the Company s
core business, securing the financing necessary to fully execute its business plan and fulfilling the reporting requirements of a public
company all fall upon the principal executive officer, In the event Mr. Elituv is unable or unwilling to fulfill any aspect of his duties,
the Company may experience a shortfall or complete lack of revenue resulting in little or no profits and the eventual closure of its business,
whereby you may lose your entire investment. The loss of Mr. Elituv would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 

The Company may fail to attract, train and retain
skilled and qualified employees, which could impair its ability to generate revenue, effectively service its clients and execute its growth
strategy. 

The Company s business depends in large part
upon its ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly qualified individuals. The Company competes for such qualified personnel
with other companies and such competition is intense. Personnel with the requisites skills and qualifications may be in short supply or
generally unavailable. If the Company is unable to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, the Company s
ability to maintain and grow its business and to effectively service its clients could be limited and the Company s future revenue
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, to the extent that the Company is unable to make necessary
permanent hires to appropriately service its clients, the Company could be required to engage larger numbers of contracted personnel,
which could reduce its profit margins. 

If the Company fails to successfully manage
its new product development or if the Company fails to anticipate the issues associated with such development or expansion, its business
may suffer. 

The Company has only developed two applications. The
Company s ability to anticipate and manage a variety of issues associated with any new product development or market expansion,
such as market acceptance and effective management of its applications and other products. The Company s business would suffer if
it fails to successfully anticipate and manage these issues associated with product development publishing and you may lose all or part
of your investment. 

If the Company cannot attract customers, it
will not generate revenues and its business will fail. 

The Company has not generated any profit. Going forward,
the Company intends to generate revenues from its gocart.city application. The Company may not be able to successfully attract or maintain
customers, resulting in its business failing. If the Company s business fails, you will lose all or part of your investment. 

The Company may encounter difficulties managing
its planned growth, which would adversely affect its business and could result in increasing costs as well as a decrease in the Company s
stock price. 

The Company intends to establish a customer base and
develop new products for them. To manage the Company s anticipated growth, the Company must continue to improve its operational
and financial systems and expand, train, retain and manage its employee base to meet new opportunities. Because of the registration of
the Company s securities, it is subject to reporting and disclosure obligations, and the Company anticipates that it will hire additional
finance and administrative personnel to address these obligations. In addition, the anticipated growth of the Company s business
will place a significant strain on its existing managerial and financial resources. If the Company cannot effectively manage its growth,
its business may be harmed. 

 The recent global coronavirus outbreak
could harm the Company s business and results of operations. 

In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued to spread, and any related
adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, customers, economies, and financial markets globally,
potentially leading to an economic downturn. It has also disrupted the normal operations of many businesses. This outbreak could
decrease spending, adversely affect demand for the Company s product and harm its business and results of operations. The
Company s business and the results of its operations may specifically be impacted by COVID-19 for a variety of reasons which
include: (i) the lack of clarity around whether attendance at universities will be online or in-person; (ii) staff of the Company
becoming infected with COVID-19, which is particularly acute considering that the Company currently has a small number of staff; and
(iii) supply shortages, which are concerning for a smaller enterprise because of the competition for premium products. 

8 

It is not possible for the Company to predict the
duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s business or results of operations
at this time. The Company continues to monitor these evolving risks. Global pandemics (like the COVID-19 pandemic) and other public health
threats, or a fear thereof, could adversely impact the Company s operations, sales efforts, lead to labour shortages, cause delayed
performance of contractual obligations, impair the Company s ability to raise funds, adversely affect the Company s supply
partners, contractors, customers and/or transportation carriers, cause fluctuations in the price and demand for the Company s products,
and severely impact supply chain logistics including travel and shipping disruptions and shutdowns (including as a result of government
regulation and prevention measures) affecting procurement of foods and food related products and the delivery of such products by the
Company to customers. Additionally, in the case of the Company s Cuore Food service brand, which supplies food products to public
restaurants and event planning companies, any closures or restrictions imposed on restaurants or public gatherings may adversely affect
the Company as its customers may not require any product during such times. It is unknown whether and how the Company may be affected
if such an occurrence persists for an extended period of time, but the Company anticipates that it could have a material adverse effect
on its business, operating results and financial performance. In addition, the Company may also be required to incur additional expenses
and/or delays relating to such events which could have a further negative impact on its business, operating results and financial performance. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in governments
worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus. These measures, which include the implementation of travel bans,
self-imposed quarantine periods and social distancing, have caused material disruption to businesses globally resulting in an economic
slowdown. Global markets have experienced significant volatility and weakness. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is unknown
at this time. It is not possible to reliably estimate the length and severity of these developments and the impact on the financial results
and condition of the Company and its operating subsidiaries in future periods. 

The Company s business and results of operation
have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the current outbreak of COVID-19, and by measures taken to prevent its spread,
including restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, cancellation of events, remote working, and closure of workplaces and other
businesses. The Company s business and results of operations may also be negatively impacted by the adverse effect that COVID-19
has had and may continue to have on global economic activity, which may include a period of prolonged global or regional economic slowdowns
or recessions. Specific risks to the Company s business include: 

Uncertain consumer demand due to the impacts of the global pandemic on local economies as well as the
global economy. While sales are mainly through the Company s gocart.city platform, the Company may incur significant sales losses
as overall customer demand and consumer spending may decline in response to COVID-19 and its related economic impacts. 

Restrictions to protect the safety of the Company s customers and employees may limit both the number
of customers it can serve and the volume of goods it is able to fulfill through its distribution points. More severe government-imposed
restrictions, including restrictions and lockdowns, could further restrict the Company s ability to service its customers. 

The Company may also face supply chain challenges if there are disruptions in service at its distribution
points, suppliers, or logistics providers. Increased market demand for logistic providers may continue to increase the Company s
operating costs and/or limit its ability to fulfill sales. 

The Company s method of delivering grocery items to customers through contactless delivery may continue
to face challenges as employees comfort and exposure to COVID-19 may be heightened as waves of the virus continue to occur. 

The Company s cost of operating its distribution points may continue to increase due to enhanced
health and safety measures taken to protect its employees, including the increased costs of personal protective equipment and disinfectants. 

The competition to the Company from other similar businesses since COVID-19 has increased as more businesses
have started to offer delivery of grocery items and meal kits. The Company also competes directly against other meal delivery companies,
including both national brands and regional brands. 

9 

The COVID-19 health crisis may negatively affect demand for the Company s products from restaurants
if there are further government-imposed restrictions on restaurants in response to a new wave of COVID-19 infections. 

Changes in prices of the Company s products due to increased cost of sales could negatively affect
the Company s overall sale of product, resulting in decreased revenues in operations and expenses that could be incurred to ensure
the protection of staff. In addition, modification of payment terms with key suppliers and the risk of key suppliers shifting focus to
higher volume competitors of the Company could result in customers seeking other alternatives. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues for an extended period of time, it may negatively affect the price
and availability of the Company s grocery items and/or packaging materials and impact the Company s supply chain. 

The extent of the impact of COVID-19 is subject to
change and is dependent on many factors, including the duration of the pandemic, the success and timing of the vaccination rollout, and
the measures that may be implemented by, or that may be imposed upon, the Company, its customers and suppliers in response to the pandemic,
and is therefore difficult to predict. COVID-19 could also impact the Company s ability to attract capital to finance business strategies
and also could increase its cost of borrowing. 

Material weaknesses in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting may adversely affect its Common Shares. 

As an SEC reporting company, the Company is subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ). The Exchange Act requires that the Company file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to its business and financial
condition, proxy statement, and other information. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that the Company establish and
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that the Company include a report of management on its internal control over financial reporting in the Company s
annual report on Form 10-K. That report must contain an assessment by management of the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting and must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that
the Company has identified. Effective internal control is necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports and prevent
fraud. If the Company cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, the Company may not be able to manage its business as
effectively as it would if an effective control environment existed, and the Company s business and reputation with investors may
be harmed. As a result, the Company s small size and any current internal control deficiencies may adversely affect its financial
condition, results of operation and access to capital. The Company has not performed an in-depth analysis to determine if historical un-discovered
failures of internal controls exist and may in the future discover areas of its internal control that need improvement. Any inability
to report and file its financial results accurately and timely could harm the Company s reputation and adversely impact the trading
price of its Common Shares. 

Failure to protect the Company s proprietary
technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm its business and results of operations. 

The Company s success depends to a significant
degree on its ability to protect its proprietary technology, methodologies, know-how and brand. The Company will rely on a combination
of contractual restrictions, and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect its proprietary
rights. However, the steps the Company will take to protect its intellectual property may be inadequate. The Company will not be able
to protect its intellectual property if it is unable to enforce its rights or if it does not detect unauthorized use of the Company s
intellectual property. If the Company fails to protect its intellectual property rights adequately, its competitors may gain access to
the Company s technology and its business may be harmed. In addition, defending its intellectual property rights might entail significant
expense. The Company may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names or trademarks that are similar to, infringe upon,
or diminish the value of the Company s trademarks and other proprietary rights. 

As the Company grows its business, the Company s
plan is to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with its employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality
agreements with other parties. No assurance can be given that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution
of the Company s proprietary information. Further, these agreements may not prevent the Company s competitors from independently
developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to it products. 

In order to protect the Company s
intellectual property rights, it may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect its intellectual property
rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce the Company s intellectual property rights and to protect its
trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce the Company s intellectual property rights could be costly,
time-consuming, and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of the Company s
intellectual property. Further, the Company s efforts to enforce its intellectual property rights may be met with defenses,
counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of the Company s intellectual property rights. The
Company s inability to protect its proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly
litigation or diversion of its management s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of the
Company s products, impair the functionality of its products, delay introductions of new products, result in the Company
substituting inferior or more costly technologies into its products, or injure the Company s reputation. 

10 

Product Safety and Security 

The Company is subject to potential liabilities connected
with its business operations, including potential liabilities and expenses associated with product defects, food safety and product handling,
and related services. Such liabilities may arise in relation to the storage, distribution, display and dispensing of products. A large
majority of the Company s sales are generated from food products and it could be vulnerable in the event of a significant outbreak
of food-borne illness or increased public health concerns in connection with certain food products. Such an event could materially affect
the Company s financial performance. 

Supply Chain Disruptions Including Impacts of
Climate Change 

The Company is exposed to potential supply chain disruptions
and errors that could result in obsolete merchandise or an excess or shortage of merchandise in its retail store network. The Company s
distribution and supply chain could be negatively impacted by over reliance on key vendors, consolidation of facilities, disruptions due
to severe weather conditions, natural disasters, climate change driven disruptions or other catastrophic events, and failure to manage
costs and inventories. A failure to develop competitive new products, deliver high-quality products and implement and maintain effective
supplier selection and procurement practices could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver desired products to customers
and adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and retain customers, decreasing competitive advantage. A failure to maintain
an efficient supply and logistics chain may adversely affect the Company s ability to sustain and meet growth objectives and maintain
margins. 

Business Continuity 

The Company may be subject to unexpected or critical
events and natural hazards, including severe weather events, interruption of utilities and infrastructure or occurrence of pandemics,
which could cause sudden or complete cessation of its day-to-day operations. The Company is currently preparing for future waves of COVID-19
along with other pandemics that could occur. However, no such plan can eliminate the risks associated with events of this magnitude. Any
failure to respond effectively or appropriately to such events could adversely affect the Company s operations, reputation and financial
results. 

Ethical Business Conduct 

Any failure of the Company to adhere to its policies,
the law or ethical business practices could significantly affect its reputation and brands and could therefore negatively impact the Company s
financial performance. The Company s framework for managing ethical business conduct includes the adoption of a code of business
conduct and ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions and are required to acknowledge and agree to on a regular basis. There can be no assurance that
these measures will be effective to prevent violations of law or unethical business practices. 

The Company could incur substantial costs as
a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights. 

In recent years, there has been significant litigation
involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the software industry. Companies providing software are increasingly bringing
and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and the Company faces a higher
risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. The Company does not currently have a patent portfolio, which
could prevent it from deterring patent infringement claims through its own patent portfolio, and the Company s competitors and others
may now and in the future have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than the Company has. The risk of patent litigation
has been amplified by the increase in the number of a type of patent holder, which the Company refers to as a non-practicing entity, whose
sole business is to assert such claims and against whom its own intellectual property portfolio may provide little deterrent value. The
Company could incur substantial costs in prosecuting or defending any intellectual property litigation. If the Company sues to enforce
its rights or is sued by a third party that claims that the Company s solution infringes its rights, the litigation could be expensive
and could divert its management resources. As of the date of this Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notice of an infringement
claim, invitation to license, or other intellectual property infringement action. 

Any intellectual property litigation to which the
Company might become a party, or for which it is required to provide indemnification, may require the Company to do one or more of the
following: 

Cease selling or using products that incorporate the intellectual property
that the Company allegedly infringe; 

11 

Make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs
or damages; 

Obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all,
to sell or use the relevant technology; or 

Redesign the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, which
could be costly, time-consuming or impossible. 

If the Company is required to make substantial payments
or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against it or any obligation
to indemnify its customers for such claims, such payments or actions could harm the Company s business. 

The Company s failure to protect personal
information adequately and breaches in cyber security and data protection could have an adverse effect on its business. 

A wide variety of provincial, state, national, and
international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of
personal data. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving and being tested in courts and may result in
ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny as well as escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Any actual or perceived loss,
improper retention or misuse of certain information or alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection
and data security, and any relevant claims, could result in enforcement action against the Company, including fines, imprisonment of company
officials and public censure, claims for damages by customers and other affected individuals, damage to the Company s reputation
and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing customers and prospective customers), any of which could have an adverse effect on
the Company s operations, financial performance, and business. Evolving and changing definitions of personal data and personal information,
within the European Union, the United States, and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification,
location data, and other information, may limit or inhibit the Company s ability to operate or expand its business, including limiting
strategic partnerships that may involve the sharing of data. Any perception of privacy or security concerns or an inability to comply
with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations, even if unfounded,
may result in additional cost and liability to the Company, harm its reputation and inhibit adoption of its products by current and future
customers, and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and operating results. 

The Company has implemented and maintained security
measures intended to protect personally identifiable information. However, the Company s security measures remain vulnerable to
various threats posed by hackers and criminals. If the Company s security measures are overcome and any personally identifiable
information that the Company collect or store becomes subject to unauthorized access, it may be required to comply with costly and burdensome
breach notification obligations. The Company may also be subject to investigations, enforcement actions and private lawsuits. In addition,
any data security incident is likely to generate negative publicity and have a negative effect on the Company s business. 

Limitations of Director Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers and Employees. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation limits
the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will
not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability for any: 

Breach of their duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders; 

Act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law; 

Unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions
as provided in Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; or 

Transactions for which the directors derived an improper personal benefit. 

These limitations of liability do not apply to liabilities
arising under the federal or state securities laws and do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief
or rescission. The Company s bylaws provide that it will indemnify its directors, officers and employees to the fullest extent permitted
by law. The Company s bylaws also provide that the Company is obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in
advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding. The Company believes that these bylaw provisions are necessary to attract
and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. The limitation of liability in the Company s certificate of incorporation
and bylaws may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce
the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might provide a benefit
to the Company and its shareholders. The Company s results of operations and financial condition may be harmed to the extent it
pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Limitation on remedies and indemnification. 

12 

The Company s certificate of incorporation,
as amended from time to time, provides that officers, directors, employees and other agents and their affiliates shall only be liable
to the Company and its shareholders for losses, judgments, liabilities and expenses that result from the fraud or other breach of fiduciary
obligations. Additionally, the Company intends to enter into corporate indemnification agreements with each of its officers and directors
consistent with industry practice. Thus, certain alleged errors or omissions might not be actionable by the Company. The Company s
governing instruments also provide that, under the broadest circumstances allowed under law, the Company must indemnify its officers,
directors, employees and other agents and their affiliates for losses, judgments, liabilities, expenses and amounts paid in settlement
of any claims sustained by them in connection with the Company, including liabilities under applicable securities laws. 

Uncertainty of Use of Available
Funds 

Although the Company has set out its intended use
of available funds, these intended uses are estimates only and subject to change. While management does not contemplate any material variation,
management does retain broad discretion in the application of such proceeds. The failure by the Company to apply these funds effectively
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, including the Company's ability to achieve its stated business objectives. 

Legal, Taxation and Accounting 

Changes to any of the various federal and provincial
laws, rules and regulations related to the Company s business could have a material impact on its financial results. Compliance
with any proposed changes could also result in significant cost to the Company. Failure to fully comply with various laws and rules and
regulations may expose the Company to proceedings which may materially affect its performance. 

 Similarly, income tax regulations and/or accounting
pronouncements may be changed in ways which could negatively affect the Company. The Company mitigates the risk of non-compliance with
the various laws and rules and regulations by monitoring for newly adopted activities, improving technology systems and controls, improving
internal controls to detect and prevent errors and overall application of more scrutiny to ensure compliance. In the ordinary course of
business, the Company is subject to ongoing audits by tax authorities. While the Company believes that its tax filing positions are appropriate
and supportable, from time to time certain matters are reviewed and challenged by the tax authorities. 

Dependence on key management personnel and outside
contractors 

As indicated in Employees and Specialized
Skill and Knowledge , the Company heavily relies on its officers and directors, as well as its professional advisors. The loss
of their services may have a material adverse effect on the Company and its future prospects. There can be no assurance that any one or
all of the officers and directors of, and contractors engaged by, the Company will continue in the employ of, or in a consulting capacity
to, the Company or that they will not set up competing businesses or accept positions with competitors. 

The Company is dependent upon the continued support
and involvement of a number of key management personnel and outside contractors. Investors must be willing to rely to a significant extent
on management s discretion and judgment, as well as the expertise and competence of outside contractors. The Company does not have
in place formal programs for succession and training of management. The loss of one or more of these key employees or contractors, if
not replaced, could adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The number of persons skilled in handling food allergies
and common food service practices is limited and competition for such persons can be high. As the Company s business activity grows,
the Company will require additional qualified personnel, key financial and administrative personnel as well as additional staff. There
is no assurance that the Company will be successful in attracting, training and retaining qualified personnel as competition for persons
with these skill sets increases. If the Company is not successful in attracting, training and retaining qualified personnel, the efficiency
of its store operations could be impaired, which could have an adverse impact on its results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Related to the Company s Common Shares

The Company has the ability to issue additional
shares of its Common Shares and shares of preferred stock without asking for shareholder approval, which could cause investments to be
diluted. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation authorizes
the Board of Directors to issue up to twelve billion Common Shares and up to one million shares of blank check preferred
stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue Common Shares, preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase Common Shares or
preferred stock is generally not subject to shareholder approval. Accordingly, any 

13 

additional issuance of the Company s Common
Shares, or preferred stock that may be convertible into Common Shares, may have the effect of diluting an investment, and the new securities
may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the Company s Common Shares. 

Substantial sales of the Company s stock
may impact the market price of its Common Shares. 

Future sales of substantial amounts of the Company s
Common Shares, including shares that it may issue upon exercise of options and warrants, could adversely affect the market price of the
Company s Common Shares. Further, if the Company raises additional funds through the issuance of Common Shares or securities convertible
into or exercisable for Common Shares, the percentage ownership of the Company s shareholders will be reduced, and the price of
its Common Shares may fall. 

The Company s Common Shares is thinly
traded, and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like, or at all, and sales of large blocks
of shares may depress the price of the Company s Common Shares. 

The Company s Common Shares has historically
been sporadically or thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing shares of the Company s Common Shares
at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days
or more when trading activity in shares of its Common Shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer that has a large
and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. 

This could lead to wide fluctuations in the Company s
share price. Investors may be unable to sell their Common Shares at or above their purchase price, which may result in substantial losses.
Also, as a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by the Company s shareholders
may disproportionately influence the price of shares of the Company s Common Shares in either direction. The price of shares of
the Company s Common Shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event a large number of shares of its Common Shares
are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse
impact on its share price. 

The Company does not intend to pay any cash
dividends on its Common Shares in the near future, so its shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they
sell their shares. 

The Company intends to retain any future earnings
to finance the development and expansion of its business. The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its Common Shares
in the foreseeable future. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance
with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless the Company pays dividends, the Company s shareholders will not be able
to receive a return on their shares unless they sell such shares. 

Penny stock rules may make buying or selling
the Company s securities difficult which may make its stock less liquid and make it harder for investors to buy and sell the Company s
shares. 

Trading in the Company s securities is subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules and it is anticipated that trading in the Company s securities will continue to be subject
to the penny stock rules for the foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer
who recommends the Company s securities to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors must, prior to the sale,
make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to execute the
transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock,
of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition,
broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for
the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements may discourage broker-dealers from
recommending transactions in the Company s securities, which could severely limit the liquidity of the Company s securities
and consequently adversely affect the market price for its securities. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA) sales practice requirements may also limit a shareholder s ability to buy and sell the Company s Common Shares. 

In addition to the penny stock rules described
above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to
obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under
interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not
be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy the Company s Common Shares, which may limit your ability to buy and sell the Company s Common Shares and
have an adverse effect on the market for shares of its Common Shares. 

14 

The preparation
 of the Company s consolidated financial statements involves the use of estimates,
judgments and assumptions, and the Company s consolidated
 financial statements may be materially affected if such estimates, judgments or assumptions prove to be inaccurate. 

Financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP typically require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts. Often, different estimates, judgments and assumptions could reasonably be used that would have a material effect on such financial
statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions may occur from period to period over time. Significant areas of
accounting requiring the application of management s judgment include, but are not limited to, determining the fair value of assets
and the timing and amount of cash flows from assets. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain and, if the Company s
estimates were to prove to be wrong, the Company would face the risk that charges to income or other financial statement changes or adjustments
would be required. Any such charges or changes could harm the Company s business, including its financial condition and results
of operations and the price of its securities. 

See Appendix A Financial Statements
and MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for a discussion
of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that the Company believes are the most critical to an understanding of its consolidated
financial statements and its business. 

If securities industry analysts do not publish
research reports on the Company, or publish unfavorable reports on the Company, then the market price and market
 trading volume of the Company s Common Shares could be negatively affected. 

Any trading market for the Company s Common
Shares will be influenced in part by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish about it. The Company does not currently
have and may never obtain research coverage by securities industry analysts. If no securities industry analysts commence coverage of the
Company, the market price and market trading volume of its Common Shares could be negatively affected. In the event the Company are covered
by analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade the Company s securities, or otherwise reports on it unfavorably, or discontinues
coverage or us, the market price and market trading volume of the Company s Common Shares could be negatively affected. 

The Company s stock price is likely to
be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The market price of the Company s Common Shares
has been volatile in the past and the market price of its Common Shares is likely to be highly volatile in the future. You may not be
able to resell shares of the Company s Common Shares following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse reaction
to volatility. 

Other factors that could cause such volatility may
include, among other things: 

Actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Company s operating results; 

The absence of securities analysts covering the Company and distributing
research and recommendations about the Company; 

The Company may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including
that a large portion of its stock is closely held; 

Overall stock market fluctuations; 

Announcements concerning the Company s business or those of its competitors; 

Actual or perceived limitations on the Company s ability to raise
capital when the Company requires it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

Conditions or trends in the industry; 

Litigation; 

Changes in market valuations of other similar companies; 

Future sales of Common Shares; 

Departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

General market conditions. 

Any of these factors could have a significant and
adverse impact on the market price of the Company s Common Shares and/or warrants. In addition, the stock market in general has
at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of the Company s Common Shares and/or
warrants, regardless of its actual operating performance. 

15 

SRAX may sell a large number of shares, resulting
in substantial diminution to the value of shares held by existing shareholders. 

Pursuant to the non-redeemable convertible notes and
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company is prohibited from delivering a conversion notice to SRAX to the extent that the issuance
of shares would cause SRAX to beneficially own more than 4.99 of the Company s then-outstanding Common Shares. These restrictions;
however, do not prevent SRAX from selling Common Shares received in connection with the non-redeemable convertible notes and Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock and then receiving additional Common Shares in connection with a subsequent issuance. In this way, SRAX could
sell more than 4.99 of the outstanding Common Shares in a relatively short time frame while never holding more than 4.99 at any one
time. As a result, existing shareholders and new investors could experience substantial diminution in the value of their Common Shares.
Additionally, the Company does not have the right to control the timing and amount of any sales by SRAX of the shares issued under the
non-redeemable convertible notes and Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Certain provisions of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware may have anti-takeover effects, which may make an acquisition of the Company by another company more difficult. 

The Company is subject to the provisions of Section
203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination,
including mergers and asset sales, with an interested shareholder (generally, a 15 or greater shareholder) for a period of three years
after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in
a prescribed manner. The operation of Section 203 may have anti-takeover effects, which could delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt
that a holder of the Company s Common Shares might consider in its best interest. 

Provisions of the Company s certificate
of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of the Company s shareholders. 

Provisions of the Company s certificate of incorporation
and its bylaws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and by whom special meetings of the Company s shareholders
may be called, and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. Further, the Company s certificate of incorporation, as amended,
authorizes the issuance of up to one million (1,000,000) shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors in their sole discretion. The Company s board of directors may, without
shareholder approval, issue series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely
affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the Company s Common Shares. 

Substantial Number of Authorized but Unissued
Shares 

The Company has twelve billion (12,000,000,000) Common
Shares that may be issued by the Board without further action or approval of the Company's shareholders. 193,226,548 of those Common Shares
are currently issued and outstanding. While the Board is required to fulfill its fiduciary obligations in connection with the issuance
of such shares, the shares may be issued in transactions with which not all shareholders agree, and the issuance of such shares will cause
dilution to the ownership interests of the Company's shareholders. 

Dilution 

Future sales or issuances of equity securities could
decrease the value of the Common Shares, dilute shareholders' voting power and reduce future potential earnings per Common Share. The
Company intends to sell additional equity securities in subsequent offerings (including through the sale of securities convertible into
Common Shares) and may issue additional equity securities to finance its operations, development, acquisition or other projects. Substantial
additional financing may be required by the Company. The Company cannot predict the size of future sales and issuances of equity securities
or the effect, if any, that future sales and issuances of equity securities will have on the market price of the Common Shares. Sales
or issuances of a substantial number of equity securities, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for the Common Shares. With any additional sale or issuance of equity securities, investors will suffer dilution of their
voting power and may experience dilution in the Company s earnings per Common Share. 

As a result of any of these factors, the market price
of the Common Shares at any given point in time may not accurately reflect the long-term value of the Company. Securities class-action
litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. The Company
may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and damages and divert
management's attention and resources. 

Equity Compensation 

16 

The Company has historically, to a significant extent,
compensated employees, contractors and service providers with equity compensation to the extent practicable. The Company may face difficulties
in the future engaging service providers, consultants or employees who are willing to be compensated with equity of the Company rather
than cash, which could result in a material adverse impact on the Company and its business in the future. Additionally, compensation in
the form of equity of the Company will result in current shareholders of the Company suffering dilution of their voting power, and experiencing
potential dilution in the Company s earnings per Common Share. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Our executive offices are located at 1035 Queensway
East, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L4Y 4C1. We rent month to month. Current rent for two locations is 5,400 CAD per month. 

We believe that these facilities are adequate for
our current and near-term future needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may from time
 to time be involved in various
claims and legal proceedings of a nature we
 believe are normal and incidental
 to temporary employee staffing business. These matters may include product liability,
intellectual property, employment, personal injury cause by our employees, and other general] claims. We will accrue for contingent liabilities
when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material
 adverse effect on our business.
Regardless of outcome, litigation can have
 an adverse impact on us because of defense
 and settlement costs,
 diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AN ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market 

Our common
stock currently trades on the OTC Pinks under the symbol
 TWOH and the closing bid price
of our common stock on March
23, 2023 was 0.0013. Our common stock currently trades on a sporadic and limited basis. 

Record Holders 

The number of record holders of our common stock as
of March 23, 2023 was approximately 51, not including nominees of beneficial owners. 

Cash Dividends 

As of the date of this Report, we have not paid any
cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will
depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, the general economic conditions, and other pertinent
conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any,
in our business operations. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar, for our common stock
and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is Transhare Corporation. The transfer agent s address is 17755 US Highway 19 N Ste 140,
Clearwater, FL 33764 and its telephone number is (303) 662-1112. 

Options and Warrants 

On October 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved
the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional
incentive to employees, directors and consultants, and to promote the success of the Company's business. Pursuant to the 2020 Plan, the
Board may grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares and restricted share
units. to eligible persons. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock with respect to which awards granted under the Plan
shall not exceed 200,000,000. At December 31, 2022, there are 0 shares of common stock available under the 2021 Plan. 

Anti-takeover Provisions 

Summarized in the following paragraphs are provisions
included in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws that may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing
a change in control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal that a stockholder might consider favorable, including a proposal that might
result in the payment of a premium over the market price for the shares held by our stockholders. 

Effects of authorized but unissued common stock
 and blank check preferred stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued common stock and undesignated preferred
 stock may be to enable our Board to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger,
 tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of management. If the Board were to determine that a takeover
 proposal was not in our best interest, such shares could be issued by the Board without stockholder approval in one or more transactions
 that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights
 of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might
 undertake to support the position of the incumbent board of directors, by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude the
 takeover, or otherwise. 
 
 In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation, as
 amended, grants our Board broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized and unissued shares of additional series of
 preferred stock. The creation and issuance of one or more additional series of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and
 assets available for distribution to holders of shares of common stock. The issuance also may adversely affect the rights and powers,
 including voting rights, of those holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company. 

18 

Cumulative Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors which would allow holders of less than a majority of the voting stock to elect some directors. 

Vacancies. Section 223 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our bylaws provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

Special Meeting of Stockholders. A special meeting of stockholders may be called by our Board or the Chairman of our Board and must be called by our Secretary at the request in writing of holders of record of a majority of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. The requirement that a majority of our outstanding capital stock is required to call a special meeting means that small stockholders will not have the power to call a special meeting to, for example, elect new directors. 

Bylaws. Our bylaws authorize the board of directors to adopt, repeal, alter or amend our bylaws without shareholder approval. 

Removal . Except as otherwise provided, a director may be removed from office with or without cause at any special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power and outstanding stock entitled to vote. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued the following unregistered securities. 

Issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock, with a fair value of 62,500, for the settlement of non-redeemable convertible notes. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

19 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Two Hands Corporation (the Company was
incorporated in the state of Delaware on April 3, 2009 and on July 26, 2016, changed its name from Innovative Product Opportunities Inc.
to Two Hands Corporation. 

The Two Hands co-parenting
 application launched on July 2018 and the Two Hands Gone application
 launched In February 2019. The Company ceased work on
these applications in 2021. 

The gocart.city online consumer grocery delivery application
was released in early June 2020 and Cuore Food Services commenced sale of dry goods and produce to other businesses in July 2020. 

In July 2021,
the Company made the strategic decision to focus exclusively on the grocery market through three on-demand branches of its grocery
businesses: gocart.city, Grocery Originals, and Cuore Food Services. All three of such branches of the Company s business share
industry standard warehouse storage space and inventory. The Company s inventory is updated continuously and generally consists
of produce, meats, pantry items, bakery pastry goods, gluten-free goods, and organic items, acquired from various different suppliers
in Canada and internationally, with whom the Company and its principals have cultivated long-term relationships. 

gocart.city 

 gocart.city is the Company s online delivery
marketplace, allowing consumers to shop online and have their groceries delivered. The gocart.city online platform stores all inventory
in the Company s warehouse located at its head office in Mississauga. The aim of gocart.city is to deliver fresh and high-quality
food products directly to retail consumers throughout Southern Ontario. The Company recently engaged local renowned chef, Grace DiFede,
to curate a new line of meal kits and bundles to sell on the gocart.city platform alongside the Company s other grocery essentials. 

The gocart.city platform is available online and through
applications for handheld devices supporting iOS or Android. The features and functions of gocart.city include customers having the ability
to search for products by category and name, customers saving items in their cart and being able to share their cart with others, and
being able to opt-in to digital weekly alerts that provide information on promotions and discounts on certain products. gocart.city also
includes standard payment options for customers, such as PayPal, American Express and Visa. 

The Company also employs a social media manager to
oversee and increase engagement with customers by using platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Google. The ads that are posted
on these platforms are generic branding related to the Company, as well as the promotion of particular sale items. Moreover, the Company
has agreements with SRAX, Inc. and Adfuel Media Inc. to boost such engagement. 

Grocery Originals 

 Grocery Originals is the Company s brick-and-mortar
grocery store located in Mississauga Ontario at the site of the Company s warehouse. Grocery Originals was originally intended for
curbside pickup but has expanded into a full service store, that includes a deli, cold storage, a stone pizza oven, and offering a wide
variety of fresh and specialty meals curated by Grace Di Fede. 

Cuore Food Services 

 Cuore Food Services is the Company s wholesale
food distribution branch. Cuore Food Services uses inventory from the Company s warehouse as well as inventory it acquires on an
ad hoc basis, and focuses on bulk delivery of goods to food service business such as restaurants, hotels, event planning/hosting businesses.
Orders distributed through Cuore Food Services can be made over the phone or online through a different front-end of the gocart.city platform. 

The operations of the business are carried on by Two
Hands Canada Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, incorporated under the laws of Canada on February 7, 2014. 

Management's Plan of Operation 

The Company is focused exclusively on the grocery
market through three on-demand branches of its grocery businesses: gocart.city, Grocery Originals, and Cuore Food Services. 

The performance of the Company s business during
the COVID-19 pandemic illustrates the flexibility of its model as the Company was able to meet heightened demand with an assortment of
products that met customer preferences. The Company is still early-on in its development but sees a highly scalable business with lower
corporate fixed costs, providing protection in the event of an economic downturn. 

20 

Products and Services 

The Company plans to continue to expand it reach to
additional customers and geographies across Canada and continue to enhance its product offering with fresh, natural and organic foods. 

Mobile Application 

V2 of the gocart.city mobile application will be a
subsequent release. The Company plans to further expand the features of the mobile application. Following the completion of V2 of the
mobile application, the Company will consider user behaviour and plans to expand the functionality and features of the mobile application
on an on-going basis going forward. 

Operations and Logistics 

The company plans to expand storage and warehousing,
expand warehouse staff, add more delivery trucks and expand the delivery area. 

Sales and Marketing 

The Company plans on utilizing and leveraging its agreement with SRAX,
Inc. and Adfuel Media Inc. to market its grocery delivery application and services and expand its footprint in the Ontario region and
beyond as its customer base grows. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for, but not limited
to, the accounting for the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, impairment of long-term assets, stock-based compensation, derivatives,
income taxes and loss contingencies. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We believe the following critical accounting policies,
among others, may be impacted significantly by judgment, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the Financial Statements: 

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company accounts for stock incentive awards issued
to employees and non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Stock Compensation. Accordingly, stock-based compensation is measured
at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award. Stock-based awards to employees are recognized as an expense over the requisite
service period, or upon the occurrence of certain vesting events. Additionally, stock-based awards to non-employees are expensed over
the period in which the related services are rendered. 

DERIVATIVE LIABILITY 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Paragraph 815-15-25-1 the conversion feature and certain
other features are considered embedded derivative instruments, such as a conversion reset provision, a penalty provision and redemption
option, which are to be recorded at their fair value as its fair value can be separated from the convertible note and its conversion is
independent of the underlying note value. The Company records the resulting discount on debt related to the conversion features at initial
transaction and amortizes the discount using the effective interest rate method over the life of the debt instruments. The conversion
liability is then marked to market each reporting period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the statements of operations. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion option
in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument
that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. 

The Company follows ASC Section 815-40-15 Section
815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15
provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature)
is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

21 

The Company evaluates its convertible debt, options,
warrants or other contracts, if any, to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives
to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 810-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.
The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date
and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value
is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative
instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion, exercise or cancellation and then that the related fair
value is reclassified to equity. 

The Company utilizes the binomial option pricing model
to compute the fair value of the derivative and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The binomial
option pricing model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. The expected volatility
is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the remaining contractual term of the instrument granted. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION 

In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized
when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration to which we
expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for these goods or services. The provisions of ASC 606 include a five-step process by which
we determine revenue recognition, depicting the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts reflecting the payment to which
we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASC 606 requires us to apply the following steps: (1) identify the contract
with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when, or as, we satisfy the performance obligation. We
recognize revenue for the sale of our products upon delivery to a customer. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt
with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40). This update amends the guidance on convertible instruments and the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity's
own equity and improves and amends the related EPS guidance for both Subtopics. This standard is effective for fiscal years and interim
periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, which means it will be effective for our fiscal year beginning January
1, 2014. Early adoption is permitted but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-06 on our consolidated financial statements. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the
FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange
Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial
statements. 

COMPARISON OF RESULTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Sales, Cost of goods sold, Gross profit: 

Years ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Sales 
 731,302 
 930,096 
 (198,794 
 (21 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 682,109 
 832,816 
 (150,707 
 (18 
 
 Gross profit 
 49,193 
 97,280 
 (48,087 
 (49 
 
 Gross profit 
 6.7 
 10.5 

Breakdown of sales by branch: 

Years ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

gocart.city online delivery 
 142,571 
 161,707 
 (19,136 
 (12 
 
 Grocery Originals and Cuore Food Service retail and wholesale distribution 
 588,731 
 768,389 
 (179,658 
 (23 
 
 Other 

Total sales 
 731,302 
 930,096 
 (198,794 
 (21 

22 

The gocart.city grocery delivery application was released
in early June 2020 and gocart.city wholesale commenced sale of dry goods and produce to other businesses in July 2020. Our gross profit
is less than expected due to the expiry and write-off of inventory during the year ended December 31, 2022. We have carefully reviewed
our inventory and do not expect further significant write-offs for expired inventory during 2023. We expect our gross profit to increase
to 15 by March 31, 2023 as we reduce coupons to obtain new customers. 

Operating expenses: 

Years ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Salaries and benefits 
 13,760,381 
 400,676 
 13,359,705 
 3,334 
 
 Occupancy expense 
 92,276 
 63,570 
 28,706 
 45 
 
 Advertising and travel 
 85,097 
 108,929 
 (23,832 
 (22 
 
 Auto expenses 
 45,077 
 52,459 
 (7,382 
 (14 
 
 Consulting 
 3,321,657 
 2,354,036 
 967,621 
 41 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 5,307 
 1,898 
 3,409 
 180 
 
 Design 
 
 14,708 
 (14,708 
 (100 
 
 Bad Debt 
 112,822 
 
 112,822 

Office and general expenses 
 140,515 
 115,627 
 24,888 
 22 
 
 Professional fees 
 222,498 
 155,376 
 67,122 
 43 
 
 Freight and Delivery 
 59,697 
 
 59,697 

Total operating expenses 
 17,845,327 
 3,267,279 
 14,578,048 
 443 

Our total operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 17,845,327, compared to 3,267,279 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in total operating expense
is primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation paid to officers, directors and consultants. 

Total operating expense includes stock-based compensation
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which comprises of 0 and 240,500 shares of common stock issued valued at 0 and 810,000,
respectively for consulting services. 

Total operating expense also includes stock-based
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which comprises of 90,000,000 and 47,000 shares of common stock issued valued
at 13,500,000, and 123,350, respectively, for salaries and compensation for our officers and directors. 

Salaries and benefits for the year ended December
31, 2022, comprise primarily of stock issued to Nadav Elituv, our Chief Executive Officer with a fair value of 13,504,200. 

Salaries and benefits for the year ended December
31, 2021, include stock issued to officers and directors with a fair value of 223,850 and accrued but unpaid salary to Nadav Elituv,
our Chief Executive Officer, of 129,600. 

Advertising and travel includes expenses for online
advertising, website, meals and entertainment. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, consulting comprises
primarily stock-based compensation expense (i) 454,108 for the expenditure of advertising credits with SRAX, Inc. (ii) 2,398,569 for
the write-off of advertising credits with SRAX, Inc. (iii) 152,466 for consulting fees and (iv) 316,514 paid to contractors to manage
our grocery business. On June 30, 2022, the Company agree to issue 80,000 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value
of 2,288,000 28.60 per share) for a one-year subscription with SRAX, Inc. to an online marketing platform to support the gocart.city
grocery delivery application. During the three months September 30, 2022, SRAX Inc. had apparent operational issues which prevented the
Company from using its prepaid advertising credits. These prepaid advertising credits had a carrying value of 2,436,811 at September
30, 2022. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company received advertising services valued at 38,242 from SRAX, Inc.
Given the apparent operational issues at SRAX, Inc., the Company believes at December 31, 2022, it is not probable that future material
services will be received from SRAX, Inc. Therefore, the remaining prepaid advertising balance was expensed in 2022. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, consulting comprises
primarily stock-based compensation expense (i) 1,065,818 for the expenditure of advertising credits with SRAX, Inc. (ii) 532,500 for
consulting fees and (iii) 540,000 paid to contractors to manage our grocery business. On June 24, 2021, the Company agreed to issue 10,000
shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of 1,153,571 115.35 per share) for a one-year subscription with SRAX,
Inc. to an online marketing platform to support the gocart.city grocery delivery application. 

23 

Professional fees comprise of audit, legal, filing
fees and contract accountant. The increase in professional fees is primarily due to legal fees related to the prospectus dated April 21,
2022 filed with Ontario Securities Commission and British Columbia Securities Commission and our listing application with the Canadian
Securities Exchange. 

Other income (expense): 

Years ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Amortization of debt discount and interest expense 
 (131,828 
 (357,213 
 225,385 
 (63 
 
 Loss on settlement of debt 
 (3,668,750 
 (12,890,764 
 9,444,014 
 (72 
 
 Initial derivative expense 
 (36,521 
 (126,322 
 89,801 
 (71 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 (59,878 
 208,261 
 (268,139 
 (129 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (3,896,977 
 (13,166,038 
 9,269,060 
 (70 

Amortization of debt discount and interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 131,828, compared to 357,213 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amortization of debt discount
and interest expense relates to the issuance of non-redeemable convertible notes, convertible notes and promissory notes. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company elected to convert 103,640 and 516,404 of principal and interest of a non-redeemable convertible note into 27,410,000 and
4,552,595 shares of common stock of the Company resulting in a loss on settlement of debt of 3,668,750 and 12,811,303, respectively. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the holders of the convertible notes also elected to convert 0 shares and 214,329 shares of the Company with a fair value of 0 and 552,435
resulting in a loss on settlement of debt of 0 and 79,460, respectively. 

Initial derivative expense of 36,521 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 represents the difference between the fair value of the total embedded derivative liability of 186,521 and the
cash received of 150,000 for the Series E Stock issued on October 6, 2022. 

Initial derivative expense of 126,322 for the year
ended December 31, 2021 represents the difference between the fair value of the total embedded derivative liability of 351,322 and the
cash received of 225,000 for the convertible notes issued on February 23, 2021 and May 27, 2021. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the gain (loss) due to the change in fair value of derivative liabilities was (59,878) and 208,261, respectively. 

Net loss for the period: 

Years ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net loss for the period 
 (21,693,111 
 (16,336,037 
 (5,357,074 
 32 

Our net loss for year ended December 31, 2022 was
 21,693,111, compared to 16,336,037 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Our losses during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 are primarily due to costs associated with professional fees, our transfer agent, investor relations, stock-based compensation
paid to officers, directors and consultants, write-off of remaining prepaid advertising credits, loss on settlement of debt and the issuance
of a convertible notes. 

QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following is a summary of selected quarterly information
that has been derived from the financial statements of the Company. This summary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements of the Company. 

24 

Quarter Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 September 30, 
 2022 
 June 30, 
 2022 
 March 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 September 30, 
 2021 
 June 30, 
 2021 
 March 31, 
 2021 
 
 Sales 
 168,790 
 172,782 
 190,691 
 199,039 
 324,748 
 241,417 
 174,774 
 189,157 
 
 Gross profit 
 21,299 
 13,659 
 (6,278 
 20,514 
 19,117 
 39,808 
 19,808 
 18,547 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (2,759,699 
 (304,452 
 (14,021,263 
 (759,913 
 (1,270,225 
 (693,259 
 (446,806 
 (856,989 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 (194,173 
 (768,587 
 (2,320,020 
 (614,198 
 (2,155,703 
 (7,397,246 
 (1,560,110 
 (2,052,979 
 
 Net loss for the period 
 (2,932,573 
 (1,059,380 
 (16,347,561 
 (1,353,597 
 (3,406,811 
 (8,050,697 
 (1,987,108 
 (2,891,421 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share 
 (0.02 
 (0.01 
 (0.18 
 (0.20 
 (0.63 
 (2.68 
 (1.26 
 (2.99 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Cash flows used in operating activities 

Year ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (840,745 
 (557,873 
 (282,872) 
 51 

Our net cash used in operating activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 840,745 and 557,873, respectively. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 21,693,111
was the main contributing factor for our negative cash flow. We were able to mostly offset the cash used in operating activities by using
our stock to pay for expenses such as amortization of prepaid expense of 3,020,527, stock-based compensation of 13,504,200, amortization
of debt discount of 131,828, loss on debt settlement of 3,668,750 and initial derivative expense of 36,521. 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Year ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 
 2021 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (10,749 
 (5,425 
 (5,324) 
 98 

Our net cash (used in) provided by investing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 10,749) and 5,425), respectively. Our investing activities are purchases of a vehicle
and computer and office equipment. 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Year ended December 31 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash from financing activities 
 350,194 
 1,072,408 
 (722,214) 
 (67) 

Our net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 350,194 and 1,072,408, respectively. 

In 2022, the Company received 302,680 (CAD 393,500)
in cash from its line of credit with The Cellular Connection Ltd. dated April 14, 2022. In 2021, cash from financing activities is primarily
due to the issuance of 40,000 shares of Series D Stock for 789,006 in cash and issuance of convertible notes for 225,000. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 17,137, working
capital (deficiency) of (591,376) and total liabilities of 1,924,171. 

25 

Our working capital as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
is as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current assets 
 193,097 
 1,608,848 
 
 Current liabilities 
 784,473 
 552,998 
 
 Working capital (Deficiency) 
 (591,376 
 1,055,850 

The Company is continuing to focus improving cash
flows from operations by reducing incentives to customers, by making purchases from different suppliers, accelerating the collection of
accounts receivable, managing accounts payable balances and by paying our officers, directors, consultants and staff with our stock. 

The Company s financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 21,693,111 and used cash
in operating activities of 840,745 and on December 31, 2022, had stockholders deficit of 4,638,208. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial
statements are issued. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, expressed substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. The Company s financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty
should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Over the next 12 months we expect to expend approximately
 268,000 in cash for legal, accounting and related services and to implement our business plan. We hope to be able to compensate our independent
contractors with stock-based compensation, which will not require us to use our cash, although there can be no assurances that we will
be successful in these efforts. 

Cash Required to Implement of Business Plan 
 
 General and Administration 
 268,000 
 
 Total Estimated Cash Expenditures 
 268,000 

On April 14, 2022, the Company entered into a binding
Line of Credit with The Cellular Connection Ltd. Pursuant to the Line of Credit, the Company can borrow from the Lender up to CAD 235,137
(CAD 750,000 available on the Line of Credit less CAD 514,863 of funds drawn and outstanding at March 23, 2023) in principal. If required,
we expect to be able to secure additional capital through advances from our Chief Executive Officer, note holders, shareholders and others
in order to pay expenses such as organizational costs, filing fees, accounting fees and legal fees, however, we do not have any written
or oral agreements with any other third parties which require them to fund our operations. Although there can be no assurances that we
will be able to obtain such funds in the future, the Company has been able to secure financing to continue operations since its inception
on April 3, 2009. We are currently quoted on OTC Pink.. If we need additional capital in the next twelve months and if we cannot raise
such capital on acceptable terms, we may have to curtail our operations or terminate our business entirely. 

The inability to obtain financing or generate sufficient
cash from operations could require us to reduce or eliminate expenditures for developing products and services, or otherwise curtail or
discontinue our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of
such securities may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities,
these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock and the terms of such debt could impose
restrictions on our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek
to compensate providers of services by issuing stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to existing stockholders. 

Our common stock started trading over the counter
and has been quoted on the Over-The Counter Bulletin Board since February 17, 2011. The stock currently trades under the symbol TWOH.OB. 

26 

Commitments for future capital expenditures at December
31, 2022 is as follows: 

Payments Due by Period 
 
 Contractual obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1 - 3 years 
 4 5 years 
 After 5 years 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 555,220 
 555,220 

Debt 
 805,785 
 198,916 
 606,869 

Deferred revenue 
 22,107 
 22,107 

Non-redeemable convertible notes 
 517,621 
 
 517,621 

Financial lease Obligations 

Operating leases (1) 
 23,438 
 8,230 
 15,208 

Purchase obligations 

Total contractual obligations 
 1,924,171 
 784,473 
 1,139,698 

Notes: 

(1) Leases for retail space, equipment and warehousing is currently month to month. Deliveries are currently
outsourced. 

OPERATING CAPITAL AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENTS 

We are currently funding our operations by way of
cash advances from our Chief Executive Officer, note holders, shareholders and others. We hope to be able to compensate our independent
contractors with stock-based compensation, which will not require us to use our cash, although there can be no assurances that we will
be successful in these efforts. On April 14, 2022, the Company entered into a binding Line of Credit with The Cellular Connection Ltd.
Pursuant to the Line of Credit, the Company can borrow from the Lender up to up to CAD 356,500 (CAD 750,000 available on the Line of
Credit less CAD 393,500 of funds drawn and outstanding at December 31, 2022) in principal. We believe our current cash balance and the
Line of Credit is sufficient to fund our operations during the next 12 months The loans from our Chief Executive Officer, note holders,
shareholders and others are unsecured and non-interest bearing and have no set terms of repayment. Our common stock started trading over
the counter and has been quoted on the Over-The Counter Bulletin Board since February 17, 2011. The stock currently trades under the symbol
 TWOH.OB. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Due to Related Party 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances and accrued
salary of 185,473 and 39,985, respectively, were due to Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The balance is non-interest
bearing, unsecured and have no specified terms of repayment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued advances due
to related party for 167,438 of expenses paid on behalf of the Company and advances due to related party were repaid by the Company with
 127,616 in cash. In addition, the Company accrued salary of 195,551 due to Nadav Elituv for the year ended December 31, 2022 and issued
a promissory note for 85,285 to settle due to related party. 

During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued advances due to related party for 135,378 of expenses paid on behalf of the Company and advances
due to related party were repaid by the Company with 127,375 in cash. In addition, the Company accrued salary of 165,046 due to Nadav
Elituv for the year ended December 31, 2021, issued shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of 222,317 to settled
accrued salary due and issued a promissory note for 19,572 to settle due to related party. 

Promissory Notes Related Party 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, promissory notes
 related party of 84,377 and 0 (principal 78,490 and interest of 5,887), respectively, were outstanding. The promissory notes
 related party bear interest of 10 per annum, are unsecured, mature on December 31, 2025 and are due to 2130555 Ontario Limited,
a Company controlled by Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued promissory notes related party of 19,572 for 3,400 to settle accrued liabilities and 16,172 of expenses paid on behalf
of the Company. 

Our policy with regard to transactions with related
persons or entities is that such transactions must be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from non-related persons. 

27 

The above related party transactions are not necessarily
indicative of the amounts that would have been incurred had a comparable transaction been entered into with an independent party. The
terms of these transactions were more favorable than would have been attained if the transactions were negotiated at arm's length. 

PROPOSED TRANSACTIONS 

The Company is not anticipating any transactions. 

CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES INCLUDING INITIAL ADOPTION 

Refer to Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and Note 2 in the consolidated financial statement for the year ended December 31, 2021 for information
on accounting policies. 

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The main risks of the Company s financial instrument
are exposed to are credit risk, market risk, foreign exchange risk, and liquidity risk. 

Credit risk 

The Company s credit risk is primarily attributable
to trade receivables. Trade receivables comprise of amounts due from other businesses from the sale of groceries and dry goods. The Company
mitigates credit risk through approvals, limits and monitoring. The amounts disclosed in the consolidated balance sheet are net of allowances
for expected credit losses, estimated by the Company s management based on past experience and specific circumstances of the customer.
The Company manages credit risk for cash by placing deposits at major Canadian financial institutions. 

Market risk 

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices
and interest rates will affect the Company s net earnings or the value of financial instruments. These risks are generally outside
the control of the Company. The objective of the Company is to mitigate market risk exposures within acceptable limits, while maximizing
returns. The Company s market risk consists of risks from changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and market prices that
affect its financial liabilities, financial assets and future transactions. 

Refer to Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and Note 2 in the consolidated financial statements. 

Foreign Exchange risk 

Our revenue is derived from operations in Canada.
Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and our liabilities other than trade payables are primarily due in
U.S. dollars. The revenue we earn in Canadian dollars is adversely impacted by the increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to
the Canadian dollar. 

Liquidity risk 

Liquidity risk relates to the risk the Company will
encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with financial liabilities. The financial liabilities on our consolidated balance
sheets consist of accounts payable and accrued liabilities, due to related party, notes payable, convertible notes, net, derivative liabilities,
promissory notes, promissory notes related party and non-redeemable convertible notes, Management monitors cash flow requirements
and future cash flow forecasts to ensure it has access to funds through its existing cash and from operations to meet operational and
financial obligations. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet its cash requirements for the next twelve months. 

OUTSTANDING SHARE DATA 

As of March 23, 2023, the following securities were
outstanding: 

Common stock: 193,226,548 shares 

 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: 25,000 

 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock: 4,000 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock: 90,000 

28 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET TRANSACTIONS 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore
are not required to provide the information requested by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The financial statements and related notes are included
as part of this Annual Report. 

29 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

 INDEX 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-1 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

30 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Two Hands
Corporation: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Two Hands Corporation the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company incurred a net loss and has a stockholders deficit, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Valuation of Derivative Liabilities 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Notes 2 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company determined that the conversion features of its convertible notes and certain warrants issued in conjunction
with financing arrangements required to be accounted for as derivative liabilities. The derivative liabilities are recorded at fair value
when issued and subsequently re-measured to fair value each reporting period. The Company utilized a binomial option pricing model to
determine the fair value of the derivative liabilities, which uses certain assumptions related to exercise price, term, expected volatility,
and risk-free interest rate. 

How the Critical Audit Matter
was Addressed in the Audit 

We determined the assessment of the fair
values of the derivative liabilities as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgements used by the Company in determining the
fair value of the derivative liabilities. Auditing the valuation of the derivative liabilities involved a high degree of auditor judgement
and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. 

Our audit procedures consisted
of the following, among others: 

Testing management s process for developing the fair
value measurement. 

Evaluating the appropriateness of the binomial option model
used by the Company to value the derivative liabilities. 

Testing the reasonableness of the assumptions used by the
Company in the binomial option model including exercise price, term, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate. 

Testing the accuracy and completeness of data used by the Company in developing the assumptions use in
the binomial option model. 

Developing an independent expectation for comparison to the Company s estimate which included developing
our own binomial option model and assumptions. 

Professionals with specialized skill and
knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the Company estimate of fair value and development of our own independent
expectation. 

Issuance and Valuation of Preferred Stock, and resulting
deemed dividends from the Company s reverse stock split. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 11 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company issued preferred stock for services and cash, and recorded deemed dividends as a result of the Company s
reverse stock split. 

How the Critical Audit Matter
was Addressed in the Audit 

We determined the evaluation of the accounting
for the issuance Preferred Stock to be a critical audit matter due to the complexity of the instruments themselves and the complexity
involved in the Company s determination of the appropriate accounting for the instrument. Auditing the accounting for the issuance
of the Preferred Stock involved a high degree of auditor judgement and specialized skills and knowledge were needed. 

Our audit procedures consisted
of the following, among others: 

Inspecting and reviewing the designation document for the
establishment of the Preferred Stock and the documents related to the issuance of the instrument to the recipients. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of the conclusions made by
the Company related to the accounting treatment for embedded conversion feature and classification and presentation of the instrument
as a whole in the consolidated balance sheet, including the Company s consideration of relevant accounting standards. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of the conclusions made by
the Company in regard to the timing and recognition of expense related to the issuance of Preferred Stock for future services, as well
as deemed dividends resulting from the Company s reverse stock split. 

Evaluating the reasonableness of conclusions made by the
Company in regard to the recognition of gain or loss to extinguish the instrument. 

Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge
were utilized by the Firm to assist in the evaluation of the Company s accounting for the issuance of the Preferred Stock. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

VAT taxes receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expense 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related party 

Notes payable 

Deferred revenue 

Current portion of operating lease right-of-use liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Line of credit 

Promissory notes 

Promissory note - related party 

Non-redeemable convertible notes, net 

Operating lease right-of-use liability, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Temporary equity 

Series A convertible preferred stock; par value; shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series B convertible preferred stock; par value; shares designated, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series C convertible preferred stock; par value; shares designated, shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series D convertible preferred stock; par value; shares designated, shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series E convertible preferred stock; par value; shares designated, shares shares issued and outstanding 

Total temporary equity 

Stockholder's deficit 

Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock to be issued 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Amortization of debt discount and interest expense 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Initial derivative expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss attributable to Two Hands Corporation 

Less: deemed dividend - Series A Stock modification 

Add: deemed contribution - Series B Stock modification 

Add: deemed contribution - Series C Stock modification 

Add: deemed contribution - Series D Stock modification 

Less: deemed contribution - Series E Stock 

Net loss attributable to Two Hands Corporation common shareholders 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign exchange income 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

For
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common
 Stock 
 Common Stock to
 be 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Issued 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Rounding on reverse split 

Stock issued for conversion of non-redeemable convertible notes 

Stock issued for officer and director compensation 

Stock issued for the conversion of Series B Stock 

Stock issued for the conversion of Series D Stock 

Deemed dividend - Series A Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series B Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series C Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series D Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series E Stock 

Cancellation of Series A Stock 

Cancellation of common stock 

Foreign exchange loss 

Net loss attributed to Two Hands Corporation 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

F- 5 

Common
 Stock 
 Common Stock to
 be 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Issued 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock issued for conversion of non-redeemable convertible notes 

Stock issued for conversion of convertible notes 

Stock issued for the conversion of Series C Stock 

Stock issued for consulting 

Stock issued for officer and director compensation 

Foreign exchange gain 

Net loss attributed to Two Hands Corporation 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss attributed to Two Hands Corporation 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Initial derivative expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Reduction in ROU liability 

Change in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts and taxes receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Inventory 

Deferred revenue 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities 

Advances by related party 

Repayment of advances to related party 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from issuance of shares 

Proceeds from promissory notes 

Proceeds from non-redeemable convertible 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Change in foreign exchange 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Cash paid during the year 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Stock issued to settle accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Stock issued to settle non-redeemable convertible notes 

Stock issued to settle convertible notes 

Stock issued for prepaid expense 

Initial debt discount from derivative 

Right-of-use asset 

Transfer of notes payable to promissory notes 

Transfer of accounts payable and accrued liabilities to promissory notes 

Transfer of due to related party to promissory notes - related party 

Deemed dividend - Series A Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series B Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series C Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series D Stock modification 

Deemed contribution - Series E Stock 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

Two Hands Corporation 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 and used cash in operating activities of , and on December 31, 2022, had stockholders deficit of .
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period one
year from the date that the financial statements are issued. The Company will be dependent upon the raising of additional capital through
placement of its common stock in order to implement its business plan. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in
this situation. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. We are currently funding our operations
by way of cash advances from our Chief Executive Officer, note holders, shareholders and others; however, we do not have any oral or written
agreements with them or others to loan or advance funds to us. There can be no assurances that we will be able to receive loans or advances
from them or other persons in the future. 

Customer #2 

Total concentration 

The following table summarizes accounts payable and
cost of goods sold concentrations: 

Accounts payable at December 31, 2022 
 Cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Supplier #1 

Supplier #2 

Supplier #3 

Supplier #4 

Total concentration 

and , respectively. 

. 

In the year of acquisition, one half the normal rate
of depreciation is provided. 

and respectively. In 2022, the Company recognized revenue of from the sale of groceries
to consumers via the gocart.city online grocery delivery application and from the sale of dry goods and produce to other businesses.
In 2021, the Company recognized revenue of from the sale of groceries to consumers via the gocart.city online grocery delivery
application and from the sale of dry goods and produce to other businesses. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In circumstances where the embedded conversion option
in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument
that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. 

The Company follows ASC Section 815-40-15 Section
815-40-15 to determine whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock. Section 815-40-15
provides that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature)
is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions. 

The Company evaluates its convertible debt, options,
warrants or other contracts, if any, to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives
to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 810-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.
The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date
and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value
is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion, exercise or cancellation of a derivative
instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion, exercise or cancellation and then that the related fair
value is reclassified to equity. 

The Company utilizes the binomial option pricing model
to compute the fair value of the derivative and to mark to market the fair value of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The binomial
option pricing model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. The expected volatility
is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time equal to the remaining contractual term of the instrument granted. 

On October 1, 2021, the Company adopted a sequencing
policy under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40-35 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 whereby in the event that reclassification of contracts from equity to assets or liabilities is necessary pursuant to ASC 815 due to the
Company s inability to demonstrate it has sufficient authorized shares as a result of certain securities convertible or exchangeable
for a potentially indeterminable number of shares, shares will be allocated on the basis of the earliest issuance date of potentially
dilutive instruments, with the earliest grants receiving the first allocation of shares. Pursuant to ASC 815, issuances of securities
to the Company s employees or directors are not subject to the sequencing policy. 

shares and shares, respectively, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 

Effective October 1, 2021, the Company changed the
functional currency of its Company s Canadian subsidiary, Two Hands Canada Corporation, to the Canadian dollar from United States
dollar. The change in functional currency is due to the increase of Canadian dollar dominated activities over time including sales, operating
costs and share subscriptions. The change in functional currency is accounted for prospectively. Two Hands Canada Corporation maintains
its accounts in the Canadian dollar. Assets and liabilities are translated to United States dollars at year-end exchange rates.
Income and expenses are transaction at averages exchange rate during the year. Foreign currency transaction adjustments are reported as
other comprehensive income, a component of equity in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Under
the terms of the amended Side Letter Agreement, the issue price of the Note is with an interest rate per annum and an original
maturity date of which is subject to automatic annual renewal. In addition, on September 30, 2019, the Company and DC
Design entered into an Agreement to change the original maturity date of the Note to December 31, 2021. At the option of the Company,
the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion
price of per share. This conversion resulted in a gain on debt settlement of due to the requirement to record the share issuance
at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated statement of operations includes interest expense of and 
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is and , respectively. This Note has been paid in full. 

The issue
price of the Note is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of which is subject
to automatic annual renewal. On June 29, 2021, the Company and Stuart Turk entered into an Agreement to change the original maturity date
of the Note to December 31, 2025. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed conversion price
of per share of the Company s common stock. If the Note is not paid on the maturity date, the outstanding face amount of the Note shall increase
by 20 on January 1, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into
 shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement
of due to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company
at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement
to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022 (prior to the reverse
stock split on April 27, 2022), the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of
the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement
to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022 (after the reverse
stock split on April 27, 2022), the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock
of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to
the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated statement of operations
includes interest expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022
and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is (face value of less unamortized discount) and (face value of
 less unamortized discount), respectively. 

The
issue price of the Note is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of which
is subject to automatic annual renewal. On June 29, 2021, the Company and Jordan Turk entered into an Agreement to change the original
maturity date of the Note to December 31, 2025. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed
conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company elected to convert of principal
and interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in
a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common
stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due
to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated statement of operations
includes interest expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the carrying amount of the Note is and , respectively. This Note has been paid in full. 

The issue price of the Note
is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of which is subject to
automatic annual renewal. On June 29, 2021, the Company and Jordan Turk entered into an Agreement to change the original maturity
date of the Note to December 31, 2025. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed
conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company elected to convert
 of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These
conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on
the date the shares were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022 (prior to the reverse stock split on April 27, 2022), the
Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion
price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement to record the
share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2022 (after the reverse stock
split on April 27, 2022), the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the
Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the
requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated statement of operations
includes interest expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31,
2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is (face value of less unamortized discount) and (face value
of less unamortized discount), respectively. 

The issue
price of the Note is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of which is subject
to automatic annual renewal. On June 29, 2021, the Company and Jordan Turk entered into an Agreement to change the original maturity date
of the Note to December 31, 2025. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed conversion price
of per share of the Company s common stock. The consolidated statement of operations includes interest expense of and for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is (face value
of less unamortized discount) and (face value of less unamortized discount), respectively. 

. The issue price of the
Note is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of December 31, 2019 which is subject to automatic
annual renewal. On June 29, 2021, the Company and Stuart Turk entered into an Agreement to change the original maturity date of the Note
to December 31, 2025. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and interest at a fixed conversion price of 
per share of the Company s common stock. The consolidated statement of operations includes interest expense of and for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is (face value of less
 unamortized discount) and (face value of less unamortized discount), respectively. 

The issue price of the Note is with a face value of and the Note has an original maturity date of which is subject to automatic annual renewal. On September 30, 2019, the Company and The Cellular Connection Ltd. entered into an
Agreement to change the original maturity date of the Note to December 31, 2021. At the option of the Company, the Company may convert
principal and interest at a fixed conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per
share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value
on the date the shares were issued. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest
into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of per share. These conversions resulted in a loss on debt
settlement of due to the requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated
statement of operations includes interest expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December
31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the Note is and , respectively. This Note has been paid in full. 

The issue
price of the Note is with a face value of . At the option of the Company, the Company may convert principal and
interest at a fixed conversion price of per share of the Company s common stock.. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company elected to convert of principal and interest into shares of common stock
of the Company at a conversion price of per share. This conversion resulted in a loss on debt settlement of due to the
requirement to record the share issuance at fair value on the date the shares were issued. The consolidated statement of operations
includes interest expense of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and
2021, the carrying amount of the Note is and , respectively. This Note has been paid in full. 

.
The weighted-average remaining non-cancelable lease term for the Company s operating lease was years at December 31, 2022.
The weighted-average discount rate was at December 31, 2022. 

The Company s operating leases expires in 2025.
The following shows the undiscounted cash flows for the remaining periods under operating lease at December 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

Total operating lease commitments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total right-of-use liability 

The Company s discounted current right-of-use
lease liability and discounted non-current right-of-use lease liability at December 31, 2022 is and , respectively. 

in principal in increments of at least CAD 
upon five business days notice. The line of credit is due on and the outstanding principal bears interest at per
annum, payable monthly. Any indebtedness under the Line of Credit are secured against accounts receivable and inventory of the Company,
and is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at the Company s option any time after twelve months from the first
advance at a conversion price of 0.10 per share, subject to a restriction on the Lender holding more than 4.99 of the Company s
Common Shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Line of Credit of (principal ((CAD and interest of and , respectively, was outstanding. The consolidated statement of operations includes interest expense of and for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As at March 23, 2023, (CAD have been borrowed by the Company pursuant
to the Line of Credit. 

and ,
respectively, were outstanding. The balances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no specified terms of repayment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, for
expenses paid on behalf of the Company and the Company settled notes payable of by issuing promissory notes. 

(principal and interest of and (principal and interest of ), respectively, were
outstanding. The promissory notes bears interest of per annum, are unsecured and mature on . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued promissory notes of for of cash advanced to the Company and to settle notes payable and to settle
accounts payable. The Company issued shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of to settle a promissory
note and accrued interest. Promissory note holders on June 29, 2021 agreed to extend the maturity of notes to December 31, 2025. 

Promissory Notes Related Party 

As of December 31, 2022, promissory note related
party of (principal and interest of and , respectively, were outstanding. The promissory notes related
party bear interest of per annum, are unsecured, mature on and are due to 2130555 Ontario Limited, a Company controlled
by Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued promissory notes related party of for to settle accrued liabilities and of expenses paid on behalf
of the Company. 

less transaction costs of bearing
an annual interest rate and maturing for in cash. From January 15, 2021 to January 19, 2021, the Holder converted shares of common stock of the Company
with a fair value of to settle principal and interest of . The conversions resulted in the settlement of derivative liabilities
of and a loss on settlement of debt of . This Note has been paid in full. 

On September 11, 2020 the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. Holder relating to the issuance
and sale of a Senior Convertible Note (the Note with an original principal amount of less transaction costs of
 bearing an annual interest rate and maturing for in cash. From March 15, 2021 to March 16, 2021, the Holder converted shares of common stock
of the Company with a fair value of to settle principal and interest of . The conversions resulted in the settlement of
derivative liabilities of and a loss on settlement of debt of . This Note has been paid in full. 

Redstart Holdings Corp. 

On February 23, 2021, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart Holdings Corp. Holder relating to the issuance and
sale of a Convertible Note (the Note with an original principal amount of less transaction costs of bearing
an annual interest rate and maturing for in cash. From August 25, 2021 to August 30, 2021, the Holder converted shares of common stock of the Company with
a fair value of to settle principal and interest of . The conversions resulted in the settlement of derivative liabilities
of and a loss on settlement of debt of . This Note has been paid in full. 

Geneva Roth Remark Holdings
Inc. 

On May 27, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc. Holder relating to the issuance and
sale of a Convertible Note (the Note with an original principal amount of less transaction costs of bearing
an annual interest rate and maturing for in cash. From December 1, 2021 to December 2, 2021, the Holder converted shares of common stock of the Company
with a fair value of to settle principal and interest of . The conversions resulted in the settlement of derivative liabilities
of and a gain on settlement of debt of . This Note has been paid in full. 

Conversion price 

Risk free rate 

Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

Expected life (years) 

The increase in the fair value of the conversion option
derivative liability of is recorded as a loss in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the convertible
option derivative liability was reduced by for settlement of derivative liabilities due to conversion of the Notes into common
stock by the Holders. The decrease in the fair value of the conversion option derivative liability of is recorded as a gain in
the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively, were due to Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The balance is
non-interest bearing, unsecured and have no specified terms of repayment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued advances due to related party for of expenses paid on behalf of the Company and advances due to related party
were repaid by the Company with in cash. In addition, the Company accrued salary of due to Nadav Elituv for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and issued a promissory note for to settle due to related party. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued advances due to related party for of expenses paid on behalf of the Company and advances due to related party were
repaid by the Company with in cash. In addition, the Company accrued salary of due to Nadav Elituv for the year
ended December 31, 2021, issued 60,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of to
settled salary due and issued a promissory note for to settle due to related party. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid Linus Creative Services, a business controlled by Bradley Southam, a director of the Company, and , respectively,
for advertising services. 

Employment Agreements 

On October
1, 2021, the Company and Nadav Elituv amended the employment agreement to (i) cancel annual salary of payable monthly and (ii)
enter in to a consulting agreement to pay 2130555 Ontario Limited, a Company controlled by Nadav Elituv, a monthly consulting fee of 
(CAD 22,000 per month) for services for the period from October 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022. 

On March 26, 2022, the Company and Nadav Elituv further
amended the employment agreement to (i) change the termination date from June 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022; (ii) pay an additional 
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company and (iii) pay an additional shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

On July 1, 2022, the term of the consulting contract
with 2130555 Ontario Limited was extended to June 30, 2023. 

Stock-based compensation salaries expense
related to these employment agreements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. Stock-based
compensation salaries expense was recognized ratably over the requisite service period. (See Note 12). 

Income tax rate 

Income tax recovery 

Non-deductible share-based payments 

Non-deductible interest 

Loss on settlement of debt 

Initial derivative expense 

Change in fair value of derivative expense 

Valuation allowance change 

Income tax expense (recovery) 

The significant component of deferred income tax assets
on December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The amount taken into income as deferred income tax
assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations.
The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry forwards. The Company has recognized
a valuation allowance for the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that it is more likely than not that such
benefit will be utilized in future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. When circumstances change and which cause a change
in management s judgment about the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance
is generally reflected in current income. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company has no
unrecognized income tax benefits. The Company s policy for classifying interest and penalties associated with unrecognized income
tax benefits is to include such items as tax expense. No interest or penalties have been recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 and no interest or penalties have been accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. 

The tax years from 2009 and forward remain open to
examination by federal and state authorities due to net operating loss and credit carryforwards. The Company is currently not under examination
by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authorities. 

 shares as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock Series A Stock ). 

On December 12, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State thereby designating one hundred thousand shares as Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock Series B Stock ). After a one year holding period, 

On October 7, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State thereby designating thirty thousand (30,000) shares as Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series C Stock ). Each share of Series C Stock (i) has a liquidation value of 100, subject
to various anti-dilution protections (ii) is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company six months after the date of issuance
at a price of per share effective June 30, 2022, subject to various anti-dilution protections (iii) on conversion will receive an
aggregate number of shares of common stock as is determined by dividing the liquidation value by the conversion price. Series C Stock
are non-voting. On June 24, 2021, the board of directors approved the increase in the number of designated shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock from 5,000 to 30,000 and reduction of the conversion price from 0.0035 per share to per share. On April 27, 2022,
a of the Company s common stock took effect which increased the conversion rate of from per
share to 2.00 per share. On June 30, 2022, the Company made an amendment to the Certificate of Designation of its Series C Stock which
lowered the fixed conversion price from 2.00 per share to per share. 

On March 31, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) to settle accrued salary due to Nadav Elituv,
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

On July 1, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) for stock-based compensation due to Nadav Elituv,
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

From September 1, 2021 to September 17, 2021, the
Company issued shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for CAD) in cash. 

On September 1, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate
of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State thereby designating two hundred thousand shares as Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share Series D Stock ). 

On September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) to settle accrued liabilities for compensation
due to Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) to settle accrued liabilities for compensation
due to Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

On November 15, 2021, the Company issued shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) to settle accounts payable and promissory note. 

On March 26, 2022, the Company issued shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of per share) for compensation due to Nadav Elituv, the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company. 

On April 27, 2022, a 1 for 1,000 reverse stock
split of the Company s common stock took effect which increased the conversion rate of (i) Series A Stock from 1 (one) share
of Series A Stock for 1 (one) share of common stock (pre-reverse stock-split) to 1 (one) share of Series A Stock for 1,000 (one
thousand) shares of common stock (post-reverse stock-split) (ii) Series B Stock from 1 (one) share of Series B Stock for 1 (one)
share of common stock (pre-reverse stock-split) to 1 (one) share of Series B Stock for 1,000 (one thousand) shares of common stock
(post-reverse stock-split) and (iii) Series D Stock from 1 (one) share of Series D Stock for 1 (one) share of common stock
(pre-reverse stock-split) to 1 (one) share of Series D Stock for 100 (one hundred) shares of common stock (post-reverse
stock-split). The Company accounted for the increase in the conversion rates as an extinguishment and
recorded a deemed dividend (contribution) in accordance with ASC 260-10-599-2. As such, on April 27, 2022, the shares of Series A
Stock, Series B Stock and Series D Stock were recorded at fair value of , and , respectively, and
resulting in a deemed dividend (contribution) of , and ), respectively. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company made an amendment to
the Certificate of Designation of its Series C Stock which lowered the fixed conversion price from 2.00 per share to 0.25 per share.
The Company accounted for the amendment as an extinguishment and recorded a deemed dividend in accordance with ASC 260-10-599-2. As such,
on June 30, 2022, the shares of Series C Stock recorded at fair value of resulting in a deemed contribution of . 

On June 30, 2022 the Company issued of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock with a fair value of for prepaid advertising expense. 

On July 26, 2022, Nadav Elituv, our Chief Executive
Officer, returned shares of Series A Stock to treasury for cancellation for no consideration resulting in a reduction
in the carrying value of Series A Stock. 

On October 4,
2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Delaware Secretary of State that had the effect of designating shares
of preferred stock as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock Series E Stock ). Series E Stock are non-voting, have a par value
of per share and have a stated value of per share. Each share of Series E Stock carries an annual cumulative dividend of
 of the stated value. The Company may redeem Series E Stock in cash, if redeemed within 60 days of issuance date, at 110 of
the stated value plus accrued unpaid dividends and between 61 days and 180 days at 115 of the stated value plus unpaid accrued dividends.
After 180 days of the issuance date, the Company does not have the right to redeem Series E Stock. After 180 days after the issue date,
Series E Stock at the stated value together with any unpaid accrued dividends are convertible into shares of common stock of the Company
at the Holder s option at a variable conversion price calculated at 75 of the market price defined as the lowest three average
trading price during the ten trading day period ending on the latest trading day prior to the conversion date. After 18 months following
the issuance date, the Company must redeem for cash Series E Stock at its stated value plus any accrued unpaid dividends and the default
adjustment, if any. 

1800 Diagonal Lending
LLC 

On October 6, 2022, the Company entered into a Series
E Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Holder relating to the issuance and sale of 
shares of Series E Preferred Stock (the Series E Stock with an original purchase price of less transaction costs
of for in cash. Series E Stock has an unconditional obligation to be redeemed for cash 18 months after the date of issue
at the current stated value (initial stated value is per share) plus unpaid accrued dividend. At inception the carrying value of
the Series E Stock was cash received less discount of and the initial fair value of the embedded derivative was
 (recorded as discount of and initial derivative expense of ). After 180 days after the issue date, the Series
E Stock together with any unpaid accrued dividend is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at the Holder s option
at a variable conversion price calculated at 75 of the market price defined as the lowest three average trading price during the ten
trading day period ending on the latest trading day prior to the conversion date. The Company may prepay the Series E Stock in cash, if
repaid within 60 days of date of issue, at 110 of the original purchase price plus unpaid accrued dividend, between 61 days and 180 days
at 115 of the original purchase price plus unpaid accrued dividend and after 180 days the Company does not have the right to prepay in
cash. On December 1, 2022, the Company exercised its option for redeem Series E Stock for in cash. The redemption resulted in
the settlement of Series E Stock of (stated value of plus unpaid accrued dividend of less discount of and derivative liabilities of and a contribution to additional paid-in capital on redemption of . On December 1, 2022,
the Company paid the Holder in cash to redeem and cancel shares of Series E Preferred Stock (see Note 8). 

Series A Stock, Series B Stock, Series C Stock, Series
D Stock and Series E Stock has been classified as temporary equity (outside of permanent equity) on the consolidated balance sheet on
December 31, 2022 and 2021 because other tainting contracts such as convertible notes have inadequate available authorized shares of the
Company for settlement. 

common shares with a par value of per share and shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.0001
per share. 

On March 21, 2022, pursuant to stockholder
consent, our Board of Directors authorized an amendment (the Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended,
to affect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001, on a 1 for 1,000 basis.
We filed the Amendment with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 21, 2022. On April 25, 2022 the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. notified us that the reverse stock split would take effect on April 27, 2022. All common stock share and per-share
amounts for all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the reverse
stock split. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
elected to convert of principal and interest of non-redeemable convertible notes into shares of common stock of the
Company with a fair value of resulting in a loss of extinguishment of debt of . 

On April 27, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock with a fair value of to Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, due under his employment agreement
dated July 1, 2021, amended on October 1, 2021 and March 26, 2022. 

On April 28, 2022, the Holders of Series B Stock elected
to convert shares of Series B Stock into shares of common stock resulting in a reduction in the carrying value
of Series B Stock. 

On May 4, 2022, the Holders of Series D Stock elected
to convert shares of Series D Stock into shares of common stock resulting in a reduction in the carrying value
of Series D Stock. 

On September 26, 2022, the Holder of Series B Stock
elected to convert shares of Series B Stock into shares of common stock resulting in a reduction in the carrying
value of Series B Stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
elected to convert of principal and interest of non-redeemable convertible notes into shares of common stock of the
Company with a fair value of resulting in a loss of extinguishment of debt of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Holders
of the Senior Convertible Notes issued on July 13, 2020, September 11, 2020, February 26, 2021 and May 27, 2021 elected to convert 
of principal and interest into shares of common stock of the Company with a fair value of resulting in a loss of extinguishment
of debt of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Holders
of Series C Stock election to convert shares of Series C Stock into shares of common stock. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock for stock-based compensation for consulting services with a fair value of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock for stock-based compensation for officers and directors with a fair value of . 

Common stock to be issued 

On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an
obligation to issue shares of common stock valued at and shares of common stock valued at 336,000, respectively,
for stock-based compensation consulting services. These shares relate to an agreement dated August 1, 2020 for services to be
provided from August 1, 2020 to July 31, 2022 whereby the Company shall pay shares of Common Stock of the Company with a fair value
of for consulting. The shares are expensed the earlier of (i) the date of issue of shares or (ii) on a straight line over the
life of the contract. 

of principal and interest of non-redeemable convertible notes into shares of common stock
of the Company with a fair value of resulting in a loss of extinguishment of debt of . 

From January 1, 2023 to March 23, 2023, the Company
received cash advances of (CAD in accordance with the terms of the Grid Promissory Note and Credit Facility Agreement
with The Cellular Connection Ltd. 

From January 1, 2023 to March 23, 2023, the Company
received cash advances of (CAD ). These advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and have not specific terms of repayment. 

On February 2, 2023, the Company agreed to issue 
shares of common stock to settle advances with a carrying value of CAD due to Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. 

On February 2, 2023, the Company agreed to issue 
shares of common stock to settle consulting fees with a carrying value of CAD due to 2130555 Ontario Limited. 2130555 Ontario
Limited is controlled by Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 

On March 3, 2023, the Holder of Series B Stock elected
to convert shares of Series B Stock into shares of common stock resulting in a reduction in the carrying value
of Series B Stock. 

F- 22 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

We have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. None of
our principal independent accountants have resigned or declined to stand for re-election. 

ITEM 9A(T). CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this annual report, being December 31, 2022. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange
Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated
to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of
the period covered by this annual report for the reasons discussed below. 

MANAGEMENT'S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).
Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO-2013). As
a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative
of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC
guidelines. 

We plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design
of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able
to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we hope to implement the following changes during
our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective
risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts
set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required.
If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section
989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting, which are included within disclosure controls and procedures, that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our bylaws state the number of the directors
of the Company shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors currently consists of three (3) directors
who are expected to hold office until our nest meeting of the shareholders. Each director is elected at our annual meeting of shareholders
and holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders, or until his successor is elected and qualified, or his earlier death,
resignation or removal. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our executive officers, directors and significant employees, including their ages as of the date of this Report: 

The names of our director and executive officers as
of the date of this Report, their respective ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed
by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position(s) 
 
 Nadav Elituv (1) 

59 

CEO, President., Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Steven Gryfe 

54 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Ryan Wilson (1) 

47 

Director 
 
 Bradley Southam (1) 

51 

Director 
 
 Yan Namer 

51 

Director 

(1) Members of the Audit Committee 

Professional Experience 

The biographies of each executive officer below contain
information regarding the person s service as an executive officer, business experience, director positions held currently or at
any time during the last five years, and information regarding involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings, if applicable. 

A description of the principal occupation for the
past five years and summary of the experience of the directors and officers of the Company is as follows: 

Nadav Elituv, President, Secretary, Treasurer
 Director 

Nadav Elituv has been serving as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2014. Since August 2008,
Mr. Elituv has served as the President and Founder of Imagin8. Imagin8 is a startup and leading developer of hand and body motion-based
interactive digital technologies that are designed to enhance new consumer experiences from touch-screens to floor-screens. Mr. Elituv
is the results-driven leader of an innovative digital technology enterprise, for over twenty years. With a track record for building,
developing and motivating high-performance teams and is an expert in high-tech systems. This includes the design and implementation of
computer-vision and gesture-recognition software. Mr. Elituv has solid career experience driving strategic initiatives and meeting critical
business mandates. 

Mr. Elituv attended Concordia University and York
University. Mr. Elituv is a full time employee of the Company. Mr. Elituv has not entered into a non-disclosure or a non-competition agreement
with the Company. 

Steven Gryfe, Chief Financial Officer 

Steven Gryfe was appointed Chief Financial Officer
on June 18, 2019. Mr. Gryfe has had a career over twenty years in the technology field in the roles of sales and marketing and as Chief
Operating Officer of On the Go Technologies Group. While at On the Go Technologies Group, Mr. Gryfe was instrumental in its growth from
revenue of 91,584 in 2003 to over 30 million in 2006. Mr. Gryfe was also President and CEO of HCQ Technologies from 2008 until 2011.
He has also had an active role in community serving as President and GM of Toronto Avenue Road Hockey Association. 

Mr. Gryfe earned a Bachelor of Arts from Carleton
University. He is a full time employee of the Company. Mr. Gryfe has not entered into a non-disclosure or a non-competition agreement
with the Company. 

32 

Ryan Wilson, Director 

Ryan Wilson has been serving as a member of the Company s
Board of Directors since January 31, 2019. Mr. Wilson has an extensive career in the digital field spanning more than twenty years of
his career advancing digital initiatives, with a track record that speaks for itself, including digital marketing, digital strategy and
digital transformation through innovation for financial services. Most recently acting as Principal Consultant for e-commerce digital
innovation at msg Global Solutions, starting back in May 2017, msg Global Solutions specializes in SAP enterprise implementations. Prior
to that, Ryan spent over four years defining the digital experiences for Ontario Teachers Pension Plan from March 2013 to May 2017
primarily influencing leadership teams and building implementation teams for site and app development. From developer to director Mr.
Wilson has been involved in all aspects of digital development. Currently focusing on technologies such as Block Chains, NLP (natural
language processing), AI and machine learning, at an insurrect innovation lab. Using design thinking methodologies and an agile approach,
Mr. Wilson s career has centered around implementing pilot projects, planning migrations, post implementation iterations, risk planning,
and digital transformation. 

Mr. Wilson earned a Bachelor of Arts from Trent University.
He will devote approximately 5 of his working time to the Company, and has not entered into a non-disclosure or a non-competition agreement
with the Company. 

Bradley Southam, Director 

Bradley Southam was appointed to the Board of Directors
on June 11, 2019. Mr. Southam has a career for over nineteen years in the digital marketing, strategy and design services industry. Most
recently he has been the owner and creative director of Linus Creative Services. Mr. Southam is the vice chair of the Cambridge Arts and
culture advisory committee, and a board member of the grand river film festival. Previously Mr. Southam was creative director with Go
Motion and Design a division of On the Go Technologies Group, which was a publicly traded company on the US OTC from 2005 to 2008. 

Mr. Southam earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts from York
University, and a graphic design degree from Central Saint Martins in London, UK. He will devote approximately 5 of his working time
to the Company, and has not entered into a non-disclosure or a non-competition agreement with the Company. 

Yan Namer, Director 

Yan Namer was appointed to the Board of Directors
on April 14, 2022. Mr. Namer is currently the CEO of a CSE listed company called empatho. Prior to this, Mr. Namer has had a career with
various companies in different industries, which include application technology, artificial intelligence, and distribution. 

Mr. Namer earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree from
EDC Business School in Paris, France, and earned a Master of Business Administration from Universit d' vry in Paris, France.
He will devote approximately 5 of his working time to the Company, and has not entered into a non-disclosure or a non-competition agreement
with the Company. 

Mr. Namer resigned as a director of the Company on
March 30, 2023. 

Family Relation s hips 

There are no family relationships between any of our
officers and directors. 

Significant Employees 

We do not have any significant employees other than
our current executive officers named in this Report. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our directors and executive officers have not been
personally involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

being subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

33 

Conflicts of Interest 

Investors should be aware of the following potential
conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

Board Leadership Structure and the Board s
Role in Risk Oversight 

The Board of Directors currently does not have an
independent Chairman. Our Chief Executive Officer acts as the Chairman of the Board. The Board determined that in the best interest of
the Company the most effective leadership structure at this time is not to separate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
A combined structure provides the Company with a single leader who represents the Company to our stockholders, regulators, business partners
and other stakeholders, among other reasons set forth below. Should the Board conclude otherwise, the Board will separate the roles and
appoint an independent Chairman. 

This structure creates efficiency in the preparation of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company s Chief Executive Officer works directly with those individuals preparing the necessary Board materials and is more connected to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that the Company has benefited from this structure, and Mr. Elituv s continuation in the combined role of the Acting Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interest of the stockholders. 

The Company believes that the combined structure is necessary and allows for efficient and effective oversight, given the Company s relatively small size, its corporate strategy and focus. 

The Board of Directors does not have a specific role
in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and employees of the
Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company s risks. 

Independent Directors 

Our Board of Directors has determined that Ryan Wilson
and Bradley Southam are independent directors within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). As of March 24,
2023, our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pinks tier of the OTC Markets. 

Committees of the Board 

The Board of Directors has the responsibility for
establishing broad corporate policies and reviewing our overall performance rather than day-to-day operations. The Board's primary responsibility
is to oversee management of our company and, in so doing, serve the best interests of our company and our stockholders. Our full Board
of Directors performs all of the functions normally designated to a Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee. 

Audit Committee 

Audit Committee 

The primary function of the Audit Committee is to
assist the Board in its oversight responsibilities of the integrity of the Company s financial statements; the Company s compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to the Company s financial statements; the qualifications, independence and
performance of the Company s external auditor; the enterprise risk management process; internal control over financial reporting
and disclosure controls and procedures; the performance of the Company s internal audit function; and performing additional duties
set out or otherwise delegated to the Audit Committee by the Board. 

34 

On
October 26, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors established an Audit Committee and adopted an Audit Committee Charter. The Company s
Board of Directors appointed Nadav Elituv, Ryan Wilson and Bradley Southam to serve as members of the Audit Committee until the Company s
next annual meeting of shareholders. The Audit Committee, does not have a member who would qualify as an audit committee financial
expert within the definition of Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

 Procedure of Nominating Directors 

There have been no material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

The Board of Directors will consider candidates for
director positions that are recommended by any of our stockholders. The recommended candidate should be submitted to us in writing addressed
to 1035 Queensway East, Mississauga, Ontario L4Y 4C1. The recommendation shall include the following information: name of candidate; address,
phone, and fax number of candidate; a statement signed by the candidate certifying that the candidate wishes to be considered for nomination
to our Board of Directors and stating why the candidate believes that he or she meets the director qualification criteria and would otherwise
be a valuable addition to our Board of Directors; a summary of the candidate's work experience for the prior five years and the number
of shares of our stock beneficially owned by the candidate. 

The Board will evaluate the recommended candidate
and will determine whether or not to proceed with the candidate in accordance with our procedures. We reserve the right to change our
procedures at any time to comply with the requirements of applicable laws. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar
functions. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics to any person, free of charge, upon written request to Nadav Elituv at Two Hands
Corporation, 1035 Queensway East, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L4Y 4C1. 

35 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Nadav Elituv, Principal Executive Officer, President, Chairman and Director 
 2022 
 195,551 
 
 13,504,200 

13,699,751 

2021 
 129,600 
 
 198,850 

328,450 
 
 Steven Gryfe, Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 

2021 

11,500 

11,500 

No shares of common stock of the Company
have been sold by the Officers other than reported on Form 4, Statement of Changes of Beneficial Ownership of Securities, filed with the
Securities Exchange Commission and remain in book-entry held by the Company s transfer agent. 

Stock Option Grants 

We have not granted any stock options to the executive
officers or directors since our inception. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

On December 31, 2022, there were no unexercised options
and no equity incentive plan awards for each name executive officer. 

We do not have any qualified or non-qualified defined
benefit plans or nonqualified defined contribution plans or other deferred compensation plans. There are no contracts, agreements, plans
or arrangements that provide for payment to our named executive officer following or in connection with the resignation, retirement or
termination of the named executive officer, a change in control of our Company, or a change in the named executive officer's responsibilities
following a change in control. 

Employment Agreements 

On August 7, 2020, the Company executed an employment
agreement for the period from July 1, 2020 to June 30, 2021 with Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company whereby the
Company shall pay 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company and an annual salary of 151,200 payable monthly on the first day of
each month from available funds. On December 31, 2021, there were no shares of common stock due Nadav Elituv under the employment agreement. 

On July 1, 2021, the Company executed an
employment agreement for the period from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2022 with Nadav Elituv, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
whereby the Company shall pay 30,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, 60,000,000 shares of Common
Stock of the Company and an annual salary of 216,000 payable monthly on the first day of each month from available funds,
commencing on July 1, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Company and Nadav Elituv amended the employment agreement to (i) cancel annual
salary of 216,000 payable monthly and (ii) enter in to a consulting agreement to pay 2130555 Ontario Limited, a Company controlled
by Nadav Elituv, a monthly consulting fee of 17,400 (CAD 22,000 per month) for services for the period from October 1, 2021 to
June 30, 2022. 

36 

On March 26, 2022, the Company and Nadav Elituv further
amended the employment agreement to (i) change the termination date from June 30, 2022 to December 31, 2022; (ii) pay an additional 10,500
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company and (iii) pay an additional 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

On July 1, 2022, the term of the consulting contract
with 2130555 Ontario Limited was extended to June 30, 2023. 

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 

The following table summarizes compensation paid to all of our directors
who were not our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned of Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Ryan Wilson, Director 

Bradley Southam, Director 
 26,307 

26,307 
 
 Yan Namer, Director 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid Linus Creative Services, a business controlled by Bradley Southam, a director of the Company, 26,307 and 10,054, respectively,
for advertising services. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

We did not provide any cash compensation to directors for their service
as directors during the last fiscal year. 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Nadav
Elituv, Ryan Wilson, Bradley Southam and Brandon Milner served as our directors. We do not have a separately standing compensation committee
and our board of directors did not perform similar functions as there was no executive compensation paid from our inception on April 3,
2009 through the end of our most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Our board of directors performs the functions
of a compensation committee, however as of date of this Report, the board of directors have not have any set compensation. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, none of our executive officers: 

served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire the board of
directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors; 

served as a director of another
entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors; or 

served as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire the board of
directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors. 

37 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of March 23, 2023, as to shares of our shares of common stock beneficially owned by: (1) each person who is known by us to own beneficially
more than 5 of our shares of common stock, (2) our named executive officer listed in the summary compensation table, (3) each of our
directors and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the
persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they
beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Common Stock 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Percentage of Class (2) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Percentage of Class (3) 

Nadav Elituv, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 122,400,427 (4) 
 
 56.09 
 
 25,000 (5) 
 
 100 

Ryan Wilson, Director 
 
 42,501 
 
 0.02 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Bradley Southam, Director 
 
 42,503 
 
 0.02 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Yan Namer, Director 
 
 - 
 
 0.00 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Steven Gryfe, CFO 
 
 42,502 
 
 0.02 
 
 - 
 
 - 

All directors and executive officers (4 persons) 
 
 122,527,933 
 
 56.15 
 
 25,000 
 
 100 

Notes: 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the address of the reporting person is c/o Two Hands Corporation, 1035 Queensway East, Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L4Y 4C1. 

(2) 
 Based on 193,226,548 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 23, 2023 and shares of common stock that the reporting person has the right to acquire within 60 days from the date thereof. 

(3) 
 Based on 25,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of March 23, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes 91,054,392 shares of common stock held personally by Mr. Elituv individually, 25,000,000 shares of common stock issuable up on the conversion of 25,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 6,346,035 shares of common stock held by 2130555 Ontario Limited. 

(5) 
 Each share of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 1,000 shares of our common stock. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are non-voting. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

On October 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved
the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan to attract and retain the best available personnel, to provide additional
incentive to employees, directors and consultants, and to promote the success of the Company's business. Pursuant to the 2020 Plan, the
Board may grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted shares and restricted share
units. to eligible persons. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock with respect to which awards granted under the Plan
shall not exceed 200,000,000. At December 31, 2021, there are 0 shares of common stock available under the 2021 Plan. 

38 

Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification
for Securities Act Liabilities 

In accordance with the provisions in our articles
of incorporation, we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the U.S. Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the U.S. Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of us
in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in
the U.S. Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. 

Our Policy Concerning Transactions with Related Persons 

Under Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any
actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including
those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which
we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent
of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our directors, nominees for
director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities (a significant shareholder ),
or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

We recognize that transactions between us and any of our Directors or Executives
or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors or significant shareholders has an interest can present potential or actual
conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company
and stockholders. 

The Board of Directors is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving
and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety
and ethical implications of any such transactions, as reported or disclosed to the Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers,
members of the Board of Directors or otherwise, and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than
could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. 

Transactions 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, advances and accrued
salary of 185,473 and 39,985, respectively, were due to Nadav Elituv, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. The balance is non-interest
bearing, unsecured and have no specified terms of repayment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued advances due to related party for 167,438 of expenses paid on behalf of the Company and advances due to related party were repaid
by the Company with 127,616 in cash. In addition, the Company accrued salary of 195,551 due to Nadav Elituv for the year ended December
31, 2022 and issued a promissory note for 85,285 to settle due to related party. 

Our policy with regard to transactions with related persons or entities
is that such transactions must be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from non-related persons. 

The above related party transactions are not necessarily indicative of
the amounts that would have been incurred had a comparable transaction been entered into with an independent party. The terms of these
transactions were more favorable than would have been attained if the transactions were negotiated at arm's length. 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors has determined that Ryan Wilson
and Bradley Southam are independent directors within the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). As of the of this
Report, our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pinks tier of the OTC Markets. 

39 

Indemnification 

In accordance with the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation,
we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other
than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any
action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered,
we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fees related to services performed by Sadler, Gibb
 Associates, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 66,500 
 61,450 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 66,500 
 61,450 

Pre-Approval Policies 

The Board's policy is to pre-approve all audit services
and all non-audit services before they commence, including the fees and terms thereof, to be provided by our independent auditor. All
of the services provided during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 were pre-approved. No audit, review or attest services were approved
in accordance with Section 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the approval process, the Board considered
the impact of the types of services and the related fees on the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. The
services and fees were deemed compatible with the maintenance of that firm's independence, including compliance with rules and regulations
of the SEC. Throughout the year, the Board will review any revisions to the estimates of audit fees initially estimated for the engagement. 

40 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

a. The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form
10-K: 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following documents are filed in Part II, Item 8 of this annual report
on Form 10-K: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets on December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not required,
not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 

41 

3. EXHIBITS 

The exhibits listed below are filed with or incorporated by reference in
this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Incorporated by reference 
 
 Exhibit 
 Exhibit Description 
 Filed herewith 
 Form 
 Period ending 
 Exhibit 
 Filing date 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 3, 2009 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 6/22/2010 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws, dated April 3, 2009 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 6/22/2010 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated August 8, 2013 
 
 10-Q 
 6/30/2013 
 3.3 
 8/14/2013 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 27, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 9/1/2016 
 3.1 
 9/1/2016 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated August 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 9/10/2018 
 3.1 
 9/10/2018 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 18, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 12/12/2019 
 3.1 
 12/12/2019 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 16, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 7/16/2021 
 3.1 
 7/22/2021 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated January 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 1/3/2022 
 3.1 
 1/6/2022 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, As Amended,
 dated 
 March 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 4/25/2022 
 3.1 
 4/26/2022 
 
 4.1 
 Specimen Stock Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 6/22/2010 
 
 4.2 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated August 6, 2013 
 
 10-Q 
 6/30/2013 
 4.2 
 8/14/2013 
 
 4.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated December 12, 2019 

8-K 

12/12/2019 

3.1 

12/19/2019 

4.4 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated October 7, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 10/07/2020 
 3.1 
 10/08/2020 
 
 4.5 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated June 24, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 6/24/2021 
 3.1 
 7/1/2021 
 
 4.6 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, dated September 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 9/1/2021 
 3.1 
 9/1/2021 
 
 4.7 
 Amended and Restated Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Two Hands Corporation, dated April 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 4/21/2022 
 3.1 
 4/26/2022 
 
 4.8 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated July
 5, 2022 
 
 10-Q 
 6/30/2022 
 4.8 
 8/15/2022 
 
 4.9 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preference and Rights of Series E Preferred Stock, dated October 3, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 10/4/2022 
 3.1 
 10/11/2022 
 
 10.1 
 Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. Trust Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.1 
 6/22/2010 
 
 10.2 
 Side Letter Agreement, The Cellular Connection Ltd., dated January 8, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 12/31/2017 
 10.2 
 3/29/2018 
 
 10.3 
 Side Letter Agreement, Stuart Turk, dated January 8, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 12/31/2017 
 10.3 
 3/29/2018 
 
 10.4 
 Side Letter Agreement, Jordan Turk, dated April 12, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 3/31/2018 
 10.4 
 5/21/2018 
 
 10.5 
 Side Letter Agreement, Jordan Turk, dated May 10, 2018 
 
 10-Q 
 3/31/2018 
 10.5 
 5/21/2018 
 
 10.6 
 Side Letter Agreement, Jordan Turk, dated September 13, 2018 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/31/2018 
 
 10.6 
 4/1/2019 
 
 10.7 
 Side Letter Agreement, The Cellular Connection Ltd., dated January 31, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 12/31/2018 
 10.7 
 4/1/2019 
 
 10.8 
 Side Letter Agreement, Stuart Turk, dated January 31, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 12/31/2018 
 10.8 
 4/1/2019 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

17.1 
 Correspondence
 on departure of director - Resignation letter of Yan Namer dated March 30, 2023 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data Files as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 X 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 X 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 X 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 X 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 X 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Definition 
 X 

104 
 Cover page formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 X 

42 

Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive
data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability
under those sections. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. None 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: /s/ Nadav Elituv 
 Name: Nadav Elituv 
 Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: /s/ Steven Gryfe 
 Name: Steven Gryfe 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 TITLE 
 DATE 

By: /s/ Nadav Elituv 
 Nadav Elituv 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Steven Gryfe 
 Steven Gryfe 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Ryan Wilson 
 Ryan Wilson 
 Director 
 March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Bradley Southam 
 Bradley Southam 
 Director 
 March 31, 2023 

43 

<EX-17>
 2
 ex17.htm
 RESIGNATION LETTER OF YAN NAMER DATED MARCH 30, 2023

</EX-17>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

Exhibit 31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Nadav Elituv, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of
TWO HANDS CORPORATION; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Nadav Elituv 

 Name: Nadav Elituv 

 Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

 OFFICER'S CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Steven Gryfe, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K
of TWO HANDS CORPORATION; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Steven Gryfe 

 Name: Steven Gryfe 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

2 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of TWO HANDS CORPORATION (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Nadav Elituv, Principal Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Nadav Elituv and will be retained by TWO HANDS CORPORATION and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Nadav Elituv 

 Name: Nadav Elituv 

 Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

TWO HANDS CORPORATION 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of TWO HANDS CORPORATION (the Registrant) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Steven Gryfe, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Steven Gryfe and will be retained by TWO HANDS CORPORATION and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By: /s/ Steven Gryfe 

 Name: Steven Gryfe 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

2 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 twoh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 twoh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 twoh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 twoh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

