<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1597892_0001213900-23-030047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4690797</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126783</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1036872</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>962985</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1251547</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1197706</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030047.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417084718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JRSIS HEALTH CARE Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001597892
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOSPITALS [8060]
		IRS NUMBER:				464562047
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36758
		FILM NUMBER:		23822959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3/F BUILDING A, DERUN YUAN
		STREET 2:		NO. 19 CHANGYI ROAD, CHANGMINGSHUI
		CITY:			WUGUISHAN, ZHONGSHAN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			528458
		BUSINESS PHONE:		0760-88963658

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3/F BUILDING A, DERUN YUAN
		STREET 2:		NO. 19 CHANGYI ROAD, CHANGMINGSHUI
		CITY:			WUGUISHAN, ZHONGSHAN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			528458

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030047.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_jrsishealth.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________to____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization Identification No.) 

, 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 

Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the prece 786,559ing
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule12 b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common
stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the quarterly period ended June
30, 2022 was . 

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of the date of filing of this report, there
were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 5 

Item 1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 11 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 11 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 11 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 11 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 12 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 12 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 13 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 17 

Item 8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 18 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 18 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 19 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 19 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 
 20 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 21 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 22 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 23 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 23 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 24 

Item 16.
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 24 

i 

PART I 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking
Statements 

The discussion contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements about our expectations,
beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements
are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, plans, 
 projects, continuing, ongoing, target, expects, management
believes, we believe, we intend, we may, we will, we should, 
 we seek, we plan, the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these forward-looking
statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate as of the
date of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted,
quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying
the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Form 10-K describe factors, among others, that could contribute to or cause these
differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in this Form 10-K could
cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf,
you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any
factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
that arise after the date of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Corporate Structure 

JRSIS Health Care Corporation (the Company 
or JRSS was incorporated on November 20, 2013 under the laws of the State of Florida. In December 2013, JRSS acquired 100 
of the equity in JRSIS Health Care Limited JHCL ), which is a privately held Limited Liability Company registered in British
Virgin Island BVI on February 25, 2013. JHCL owns 100 of the equity in Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd Runteng ),
a limited liability company registered in Hong Kong on September 17, 2012. Until March 31, 2022, Runteng owned 70 of the equity in Harbin
Jiarun Hospital Co., Ltd Jiarun ). a for-profit hospital incorporated in Harbin City of Heilongjiang, China in February
2006. The remaining 30 equity in Jiarun was owned by Junsheng Zhang, who is the Chairman of the Board of JRSIS Health Care Corporation
until April 28, 2022.Jiarun operates a private hospital serving patients on a municipal and county level and providing both Western and
Chinese medical practices to the residents of Harbin. 

On April 12, 2022, Runteng organized and acquired
100 of the equity in Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd Laidian ), a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE subsidiary. The Company established Laidian to engage in the business of providing charging services to electric vehicles with the headquarter
in Zhongshan City of Guangdong, China. 

On April 28, 2022 JRSIS completed the spin-off
of its subsidiary Jiarun. as Runteng transferred its 70 equity interest in Jiarun to Zhang Junsheng (the Spin-Off ). In
exchange for the 70 equity interest in Jiarun, Zhang Junsheng transferred 5,392,000 shares of JRSIS common stock to Runteng, which
surrendered the shares to the JRSIS treasury. 

After the Spin-Off, JRSIS does not beneficially
own any equity interest in Jiarun. According to spin-off agreement on April 28, 2022, the effective date of spin-off was April 1, 2022. 

1 

Our present corporate structure is as follows: 

Our Business 

Until April 28, 2022, we operated Jiarun Hospital and its two branch hospitals, collectively being a private
hospital with 950 beds located in Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang Province in northeastern China. Jiarun Hospital offers patients
care and pharmaceuticals in the areas of both Western and Chinese medical practices. 

On April 28, 2022 JRSIS completed the spin-off
of its subsidiary Jiarun. On April 12, 2022, Runteng organized and acquired 100 of the equity in Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co.,
Ltd Laidian ), a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE subsidiary. The Company established Laidian to engage
in the business of providing charging services to electric vehicles with the headquarter in Zhongshan City of Guangdong, China. 

Laidian was organized in 2022 to engage in the
business of constructing and operating charging stations for electric vehicles EV ). The Company s Board of Directors
appointed Zhuowei Zhong as the Company s Chief Executive Officer primarily because he has extensive experience in the business of
distributing and operating EV charging stations. Our ambition is to build Laidian into a central participant in this growing industry. 

2 

In this, our first year of operation, we are focusing
our efforts on building a group of consulting clients who are themselves distributors of charging stations. We are undertaking this top-down
approach to the industry in part because we lack sufficient financial resources to compete directly with the major participant in the
industry. But of equal importance is the opportunity for market impact that we will gain by positioning ourselves as leaders in the charging
station industry. As those to whom we provide our services and guidance spread throughout the EV world, they will advertise our brand
as their authoritative source for technological and commercial knowledge about the charging station industry, and so our brand will gain
value among the relevant participants in the EV world. Our goal is that, when we have secured the financing necessary to compete in the
charging station community, we will already be known and identified with quality and know-how related to charging stations. 

Our main business at this time, therefore, is
to provide consulting services relating to the planning and design of new energy charging piles to customer in Guangzhou City, the capital
of Guangdong Province of the PRC. Our customers are enterprises that are either initiating their participation in this industry in general
or expanding their operations to Guangzhou. In either case, a customer who engages Laidian, will receive, among other things: 

a
 survey report on the distribution of new energy charging piles that have been built and are
 under construction in the district of Guangzhou City in which the customer intends to distribute
 its stations;, 

a
 business plan based upon an analysis of the existing distribution of charging piles in the
 target market; 

a
 site selection plan identifying prospective locations where charging piles can be built; 

a
 plan of the electric equipment design plus the type of charging piles to be used; 

a
 plan of the construction and the construction method; as well as 

the
 design and sample drawings of the foundation for the piles, 

Customers 

At present, the Company's primary customer is
Zhongke Kuaichong (Guangzhou) New Energy Co., Ltd. The Company is increasing its marketing efforts and is negotiating consulting agreements
with a number of customers. The company's professional services have won high praise from existing and potential customers. 

The Charging Station Industry in China 

In recent decades, China s rapid economic
growth has enabled more and more consumers to buy their own cars. The result has been the creation of the largest automotive market in
the world but also serious urban air pollution, high greenhouse gas emissions, and growing dependence on oil imports. To counteract
those troubling trends, the Chinese government has imposed policies to encourage the adoption of plug-in electric vehicles (EVs). Since
buying an EV costs more than buying a conventional internal combustion engine vehicle, in 2009 the government began to provide generous
subsidies for EV purchases. As a result, China became the world s largest market for EV s, accounting for approximately 50 
of global sales. In 2020 1.1 million EVs were produced and sold in China. The central government s New Energy Vehicle Industry
Development Plan (2021 - 2035) predicted that sales of new energy vehicles would account for 20 of car sales in China in 2025. In fact,
during 2022, EV sales represented 22 of new car sales. 

As the number of EV purchases grew, paying for
the subsidies became extremely costly for the government. As a result, beginning in 2020, China s government began to phase out
the subsidies and instead rely on a mandate imposed on car manufacturers. The mandate requires that a certain percent of all vehicles
sold by a manufacturer each year must be battery-powered. To avoid financial penalties, every year manufacturers must earn a stipulated
number of points, which are awarded for each EV produced based on a complex formula that takes into account range, energy efficiency,
performance, and more. The requirements get tougher over time, with a goal of having EVs make up 40 of all car sales in China by 2030. 

3 

The mandate on vehicle manufacturers to produce
EVs is supplemented by a number of Chinese government policies: 

Tax exemptions. The Chinese
government exempts electric vehicles from consumption and sales taxes, which can save purchasers tens of thousands of RMB (equivalent
to thousands of dollars). It also waives 50 of vehicle registration fees for electric vehicles. 

Procurement. The Chinese government
also uses its procurement power to promote electric vehicles. A May 2016 order required that half of new vehicles purchased by China s
central government be new energy vehicles within five years. 

New auto factory requirements.
Chinese regulations strongly discourage the construction of factories for manufacturing internal combustion engine vehicles only. Subject
to exceptions that are difficult to satisfy, any new vehicle factory is required to include capacity for the construction of electric
vehicles. 

Since EVs will be useless
without charging stations, the Chinese central government has promoted the development of EV charging infrastructure as a matter of national
policy. As the central government has withdrawn subsidies for purchase of EVs, it has redirected a significant portion of those funds
to support the development of EV infrastructure, primarily charging stations. In November 2020, the General Office of the State Council
promulgated its Development Plan of the New Energy Vehicle Industry (2021 - 2035), in which it mandated financial support for the
construction of charging stations and proposed preferential policies with respect to allocation of space in parking lots to charging stations.
China State Grid and China Southern Grid, China s two state-owned electric utilities, both have programs to promote the development
of electric vehicle charging infrastructure. 

Guangdong Province has
also been aggressive in support of EVs and EV infrastructure. During 2022 the number of EVs sold in Guangdong Province doubled compared
to sales in 2021, and now one-eighth of the EVs manufactured in the PRC are manufactured in Guangdong Province. To support this push toward
EVs, Guangdong Province now has more charging stations than any other province in China and three times as many charging facilities
as are located in the entire United States. The Province subsidizes certain purchases of EVs, and encourages insurance companies to provide
preferential premiums for EVs. The government of Guangdong Province gives every indication that it will continue to support the expansion
of the charging station network indefinitely, with an ultimate goal of maximizing the conversion of vehicular traffic to electric. 

Competition 

The Company is operating in the growing market
of new energy charging piles, which is becoming increasingly competitive due to the growing demand for electric vehicles and the government's
push towards cleaner energy. The competition the Company is facing can be broadly categorized into the following: 

1. Established players: The new energy charging pile market
is already populated with a number of established players such as State Grid, Southern Power Grid, and other major energy companies.
These companies have a strong brand presence, financial resources, and expertise in the energy sector. They also have established relationships
with customers and are likely to be strong competitors for the Company. 

2. New entrants: The market for new energy charging piles is
attracting a growing number of new entrants, ranging from start-ups to established companies diversifying into the market. These competitors
are also likely to be aggressive in pursuing market share and have the potential to disrupt the market. 

3. Technological changes: The charging technology for electric
vehicles is constantly evolving, and competitors are investing heavily in developing new charging technologies such as wireless charging,
fast charging, and ultra-fast charging. These technological changes could lead to new entrants and disrupt existing market players. 

4. Regulatory environment: The regulatory environment for the
new energy charging pile market is evolving rapidly, and competitors are likely to be affected by changes in regulations and policies
related to the development of the new energy industry. These changes could favor some players and disadvantage others. 

In summary, the Company is operating in a highly
competitive market, facing competition from established players, new entrants, technological changes, and regulatory environment changes.
The Company are developing a strong value proposition and endeavoring to build a competitive advantage to succeed in the market. 

4 

Marketing 

The Company is developing a brand identity that
reflects the Company's values and mission. This includes developing a unique logo, website, and marketing materials that are visually
appealing and clearly communicate the Company's value proposition. The Company also plans to further strengthen our marketing efforts
and improve our brand awareness through the following actions: 

1. Leverage social media: Social media platforms such as WeChat,
Weibo, and LinkedIn can be used to build awareness of our brand, share Company news and updates, and engage with potential customers.
The Company can also consider partnering with influencers in the electric vehicle or sustainability space to reach a wider audience. 

2. Attend industry events: The Company will attend industry
events such as trade shows, conferences, and seminars to network with potential customers and partners. These events can also provide
valuable insights into industry trends and customer needs. 

3. Foster partnerships: The Company is seeking out partnerships
with property developers, government agencies, and other companies in the new energy space. By partnering with these organizations, Laidian
can expand its reach and access new customer segments. 

4. Overall, by developing a brand identity, leveraging social
media, attending industry events, and fostering partnerships, The Company can build awareness of its brand and generate leads in the
highly competitive market. 

PRC Laws and Regulations Affecting Our Business 

There are several PRC laws and regulations
that could affect the Company's business, including: 

1. Regulations on new energy vehicles: The Chinese government
has implemented a number of regulations and policies aimed at promoting the development and adoption of new energy vehicles, including
electric vehicles. These policies could create opportunities for the Company as demand for electric vehicle charging infrastructure increases. 

2. Intellectual property laws: The Company may be subject to
intellectual property laws related to patents, trademarks, and copyrights. This could impact the company's ability to protect its intellectual
property and may affect its competitive position. 

It is important for Laidian to stay up-to-date
with any changes or developments in these and other relevant laws and regulations in order to ensure compliance and mitigate any potential
risks or challenges to its business operations. 

Taxes 

Enterprise income tax is defined under the Provisional
Regulations of PRC Concerning Income Tax on Enterprises promulgated by the PRC. Income tax is payable by enterprises at a rate of 25 
of their taxable income. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 3 employees,
None of our employees are represented by a labor union or similar collective bargaining organization. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this 10K before deciding to invest in
our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously
harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

5 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Laidian will face intense
competition. It will not achieve market share and customers if it fails to compete effectively. 

The demand for charging stations
in China is strong, and the barriers to entry into the supply market are not great. So there are many enterprises competing to meet the
demand. Laidian s competitors will include international giants such as Tesla, as well as several major Chinese suppliers of charging
stations, as well as many low volume suppliers similar to Laidian. Increased competition may adversely affect its margins, market share
and brand recognition, or result in significant losses. When Laidian sets prices for energy, it has to consider how competitors have set
prices, since electricity is fungible. When they cut prices or offer additional benefits to compete with Laidian, Laidian may have to
lower its own prices or offer additional benefits or risk losing market share, either of which could harm our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Some of the competitors will
have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better supplier relationships, larger customer bases and greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than Laidian has. These and other smaller companies may receive investment from or enter into strategic
relationships with well-established and well-financed companies or investors, which would help enhance their competitive positions. Some
of the competitors may be able to secure more favorable terms from suppliers, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns,
adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to their website, mobile application and systems development.
We cannot assure you that Laidian will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors, and competitive pressures
may have a material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to hire, retain or motivate
qualified personnel, consultants, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

At the present time, we have only three
employees: our management team. Our ability to grow as a public company will be largely dependent on our ability to recruit highly skilled
individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel
for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees is intense. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel
or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. In addition, all future success depends largely on our ability
to retain key consultants and advisors. We cannot assure that any skilled individuals will agree to become an employee or consultant for
the Company. Our inability to retain their services could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We may not be able to obtain additional
funding to meet our requirements. 

Our ability to enter into the business of constructing
and distributing EV charging stations depends upon our ability to obtain financing through equity financing, debt financing (including
credit facilities) or the sale or syndication of some or all of our interests in certain projects or other assets. If our access to existing
credit facilities is not available, and if other funding does not become available, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. 

The EV charging market is characterized
by rapid technological change, which requires Laidian to continue to develop new products and product innovations. Any delays in such
development could adversely affect market adoption of its products and Laidian s financial results. 

Continuing technological changes in battery and
other EV technologies could adversely affect adoption of current EV charging technology and/or Laidian s products. Laidian s
future success will depend upon its ability to develop and introduce a variety of new product offerings to address the changing needs
of the EV charging market. As new products are introduced, gross margins tend to decline in the near term and improve as the product become
more mature and with a more efficient manufacturing process. 

6 

As EV technologies change, Laidian may need to
upgrade or adapt its charging station technology and introduce new products and services in order to serve vehicles that have the latest
technology, in particular battery cell technology, which could involve substantial costs. Even if Laidian is able to keep pace with changes
in technology and develop new products and services, its research and development expenses could increase, its gross margins could be
adversely affected in some periods and its prior products could become obsolete more quickly than expected. 

If Laidian is unable to devote adequate resources
to develop products or cannot otherwise successfully develop products or services that meet customer requirements on a timely basis or
that remain competitive with technological alternatives, its products and services could lose market share, its revenue will decline,
it may experience higher operating losses and its business and prospects will be adversely affected. 

Our success depends on our personnel. Loss
of key personnel may adversely affect our business. 

Our success depends to a significant extent on
the performance of our management personnel. In particular, we will depend on the services of Zhuowei Zhong, Chairman of the Board and
President, Huang, Zhifei, Chief Executive Officer, and Chen, Zhuowen, Chief Financial Officer. The loss of the services of key persons
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

SAFE regulations relating to offshore investment
activities by PRC residents may increase our administrative burdens and restrict our overseas and cross-border investment activity. If
our shareholders and beneficial owners who are PRC residents fail to make any required applications, registrations, and filings under
such regulations, we may be unable to distribute profits and may become subject to liability under PRC laws. 

China s State Administration of Foreign
Exchange SAFE has promulgated several regulations, including Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration
for PRC Residents to Engage in Financing and Inbound Investment via Oversea Special Purpose Vehicles, or Circular No. 75, 
issued on October 21, 2005 and effective as of November 1, 2005 and certain implementation rules issued in subsequent years, requiring
registrations with, and approvals from, PRC government authorities in connection with direct or indirect offshore investment activities
by PRC residents and PRC corporate entities. These regulations apply to our shareholders and beneficial owners who are PRC residents,
and may affect any offshore acquisitions that we make in the future. 

SAFE Circular No. 75 requires PRC residents, including
both PRC legal person residents and/or natural person residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or controlling
any company outside of China for the purpose of equity financing with assets or equities of PRC companies, referred to in the notice as
an offshore special purpose company. In addition, any PRC resident who is a direct or indirect shareholder of an offshore
company is required to update his registration with the relevant SAFE branches, with respect to that offshore company, in connection with
any material change involving an increase or decrease of capital, transfer or swap of shares, merger, division, equity or debt investment
or creation of any security interest. Moreover, the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore company are required to coordinate and supervise
the filing of SAFE registrations by the offshore company s shareholders who are PRC residents in a timely manner. If a PRC shareholder
with a direct or indirect stake in an offshore parent company fails to make the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries of such
offshore parent company may be prohibited from making distributions of profit to the offshore parent and from paying the offshore parent
proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation in respect of the PRC subsidiaries, and the offshore parent company
may also be prohibited from injecting additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore, failure to comply with the various SAFE
registration requirements described above may result in liability for the PRC shareholders and the PRC subsidiaries under PRC law for
foreign exchange registration evasion. 

Although we have requested our PRC shareholders
to complete the SAFE Circular No. 75 registration, we cannot be certain that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with
the SAFE regulations. The failure or inability of our PRC shareholders to receive any required approvals or make any required registrations
may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, prevent us from making capital
injection into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership
structure, as a result of which our acquisition strategy and business operations and our ability to distribute profits to you could be
materially and adversely affected. 

7 

Changes in current policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon the business we conduct in the PRC and the profitability of our operations. 

Current policies adopted by the PRC government
indicate that it seeks to encourage a market-oriented economy. We believe that the PRC government will continue to develop policies that
strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and as a consequence, business development in the PRC will follow
current market forces. While we believe that this trend will continue, we cannot assure you that such beneficial policies will not change
in the future. A change in the current policies of the PRC government could result in confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency
conversion, or the expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises, all of which would have a negative impact on our current corporate
structure and our operations. The PRC laws and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain.
Any changes in such PRC laws and regulations may have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

There are substantial uncertainties regarding
the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those laws and regulations governing our
business and those relating to the enforcement and operation of our contractual arrangements. At this time, we believe that the relevant
PRC laws and regulations validate our current contractual arrangements and that our corporate structure is in keeping with such laws.
However, no assurance can be given that PRC court rulings to be decided in the future will be consistent with our current interpretations.
Further, new laws or regulations may be enacted which could have a negative impact on foreign investors. We cannot predict what effect
the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our business and no assurance can be given that our operations
will not be affected by such laws and/or regulations. 

Interference by the Chinese Government with the efforts of the
PCAOB to inspect our auditor could lead to our common stock being delisted from its trading platform. 

As an auditor of companies
that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ),
our independent registered public accounting firm is required under the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the
PCAOB. However, because substantially all of our operations are conducted within China, our independent registered public accounting firm s
audit documentation related to their audit report included in this annual report on Form 10-K is located in China. The PCAOB
is currently unable to conduct full inspections in China or review audit documentation located within China without the approval of Chinese
authorities, which has not been granted. 

The Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, was enacted by the U.S. Congress on December 18, 2020. Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines
that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), for three consecutive years beginning in 2021 or any year thereafter, the SEC
will prohibit our shares from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States.
On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, which includes our auditor. On May 13, 2022,
the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA following the filing of our 2021 Form 10-K. On December 15,
2022, the PCAOB removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms
in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to
inspect and investigate accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong and we continue to use an accounting firm headquartered in these
jurisdictions to conduct audit work, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report
for the relevant fiscal year. If we were so identified for three consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition on
trading under the HFCAA. 

The delisting of our
common stock, or the threat of being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. If our shares are prohibited
from trading in the United States, the impact on the market for our shares outside the United States is highly uncertain, and there is
no certainty we will be able to list on any non-U.S. exchange to facilitate the trading in our securities. Such a prohibition would substantially
impair your ability to sell or purchase our shares when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would
have a negative impact on the price of our shares. Also, such a prohibition would significantly affect our ability to raise capital on
terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and prospects. 

8 

We may be restricted from freely converting
the Renminbi to other currencies in a timely manner. 

At the present time, the RMB is not a freely convertible
currency. We receive all of our revenue in RMB, which may need to be converted to other currencies, primarily U.S. dollars, in order to
be remitted outside of the PRC. Foreign currency current account transactions by foreign investment enterprises require
a ministerial review, according to the Administration of the Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Provisions promulgated in
1996 (the FX regulations ). Current account items include international commercial transactions, which occur
on a regular basis, such as those relating to trade and provision of services. Distributions to joint venture parties also are considered
 current account transactions. Other non-current account items, known as capital account items, remain subject
to SAFE approval. Under current regulations, we can obtain foreign currency in exchange for RMB from swap centers authorized by the government.
We do not anticipate problems in obtaining foreign currency to satisfy our requirements; however, no assurance can be given that foreign
currency shortages or changes in currency exchange laws and regulations by the PRC government will not restrict us from freely converting
RMB in a timely manner. 

Fluctuations in the exchange rate could
have an adverse effect upon our business and reported financial results. 

We conduct our business in Renminbi RMB ),
thus our functional currency is the RMB, while our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar
and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, the political situation as well as economic policies and conditions.
There remains significant international pressure on the significant appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar. Since our future
revenues will be denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar, we will be subject to increased risks relating to foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results since
operating results are reported in United States dollars and significant changes in the exchange rate could materially impact our reported
earnings. 

Because our principal assets are located
outside of the United States and all of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States, it may be difficult for an investor
to enforce any right founded on U.S. Federal Securities Laws against us and/or our officers and directors, or to enforce a judgment rendered
by a United States court against us or our officers and directors. 

Our operations and principal assets are located
in the PRC, and our officers and directors are non-residents of the United States. Therefore, it may be difficult to effect service of
process on such persons in the United States, and it may be difficult to enforce any judgments rendered against us or our officers and/or
directors. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an action against us or against these individuals in China
in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the securities laws or otherwise. Even if you are successful
in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the PRC may render you unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of
our directors and officers. As a result of all of the above, our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests through
actions against our management, directors or major shareholders compared to shareholders of a corporation doing business entirely within
the United States. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

Because we are subject to penny stock 
rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions
in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally
are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges). The penny
stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The
broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact
and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the
purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect
of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules. If a trading
market does develop for our common stock, these regulations will likely be applicable, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult
to sell their shares. 

9 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending
an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to
make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock. 

Our insiders beneficially own a significant
portion of our stock, and accordingly, may have control over stockholder matters, the Company s business and management. 

As of December 31, 2022, Zhong, Zhuowei, the Chairman of the Board
of JRSIS Health Care Corporation, owns 80.75 of the Company s outstanding common stock. As a result, Mr. Zhong will have significant
influence to: 

Elect or defeat the election of our directors; 

Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

Effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

Affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of the significant ownership
position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to effect a change in the Company s business or management, and therefore,
shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. 

In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares
held by our directors and executive officers, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control
of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

The sale of securities by us in any equity
or debt financing could result in dilution to our existing stockholders and have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 

Our Board of Directors is authorized to
issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 58,366,569 shares are issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has
the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock without consent of any of our stockholders. Any sale of common
stock by us in a future private placement offering could result in dilution to the existing stockholders as a direct result of our
issuance of additional shares of our capital stock. In addition, our business strategy may include expansion through internal growth
by acquiring complementary businesses, acquiring, or licensing additional brands, or establishing strategic relationships with
targeted customers and suppliers. In order to do so, or to finance the cost of our other activities, we may issue additional equity
securities that could dilute our stockholders stock ownership. We may also assume additional debt and incur impairment losses
related to goodwill and other tangible assets, and this could negatively impact our earnings and results of operations. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our common stock, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who
cover us downgrade our common stock, our common stock price would likely decline. If analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to
regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our common stock price or
trading volume to decline. 

10 

If we continue to fail to maintain an effective
system of internal controls, we might not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud; in that case, our stockholders
could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could negatively impact the price of our stock. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. In addition, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting for all our current operations. The process of
implementing our internal controls and complying with Section 404 will be expensive and time - consuming and will require significant
attention of management. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our
financial processes and reporting in the future. Even if we conclude, and our independent registered public accounting firm concurs, that
our internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm discover a material weakness or a significant deficiency in our
internal control, the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market s confidence in our financial statements
and harm our stock price. In addition, a delay in compliance with Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions,
including ineligibility for short form resale registration, action by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the inability of registered
broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which could further reduce our stock price and harm our business. 

Because we do not intend to pay any dividends
on our common stock in the near future, holders of our common stock must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 

There are no restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Florida Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where,
after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of
business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the
rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. We do not anticipate paying dividends
for the foreseeable future, but will invest our cash resources in the growth of the Company. Accordingly, holders of our common stock
will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on their investment in our common stock. 

As a result of these and other factors, our operating
results may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who choose to follow our company. Our failure to meet market
expectations would likely result in decreases in the trading price of our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

In March 2022, Laidian leased office space under
non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under terms of the lease agreement, from April 2022, Laidian is committed to make lease payments
of approximately 1,528 (RMB 9,900) per month for 23 months. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are currently not involved in any litigation
that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common
stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which
an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

The Company s common stock is quoted on
the OTC Pink Market under the symbol "JRSS". The quotations reported on the OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer prices without
retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company's common stock is thinly traded. The
quoted bid and asked prices for the Common Stock vary significantly from week to week. An investor holding shares of the Company's Common
Stock may find it difficult to sell the shares and may find it impossible to sell more than a small number of shares at the quoted bid
price. 

Holders of Securities 

As of the date of filing of this report, we had
 133 shareholders of record and 58,366,569 outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock since our inception, and our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for
the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements
and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There are currently no restrictions that limit our ability to declare cash
dividends on its common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

We have no equity compensation plans. 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The Company did not make any sale of unregistered
securities during the fiscal year 2022 except for the following transactions: 

On March 17, 2022, the company entered into
an Agreement on the Establishment of Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. Laidian with Zhong Zhuowei. The agreement
contains a covenant by Zhong Zhuowei to fund the operations of Laidian which is 100 owned by Runteng Medical, in consideration of Mr.
Zhong s financial commitment and commitment to provide management services, the company agreed to issue 39,130,000 shares of its
common stock to Zhong Zhuowei upon the initiation of operations of Laidian. On May 5, 2022, the company issued 39,130,000 shares of its
common stock to Zhong Zhuowei. 

On May 17, 2022, the Company issued a total of
6,000,000 share of common stock for US 60,000 at US 0.01 per share to six non-US shareholders. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities 

The Company did not repurchase any shares of its
common stock during the fiscal year 2022 except for the following transaction: 

On April 28, 2022, Runteng entered into an agreement
regarding a transfer of Harbin Jiarun Hospital Co., Ltd. s Equity (the Transfer Agreement with Zhang Junsheng. Pursuant
to the Transfer Agreement, Runteng transferred to Mr. Zhang equity in Harbin Jiarun Hospital Co., Ltd. Jiarun Hospital representing 70 of the total equity in Jiarun Hospital and Mr. Zhang transferred to Runteng 5,392,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. On May 27, 2022, the Company cancelled 5,392,000 shares of its common stock from Zhang Junsheng. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

12 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets,
bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ
from those estimates. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable SEC regulations and is not intended to serve as
a basis for projections of future events. 

Overview 

Harbin Jiarun Hospital
Company Limited Jiarun was established in Harbin in the Province of Heilongjiang of the People s Republic of China PRC by the owner Junsheng Zhang on February 17, 2006. 

Harbin Jiarun Hospital
Co., Ltd Nanjing Road Branch NRB Hospital was established in Harbin in the Province of Heilongjiang of the People s
Republic of China PRC by Jiarun on October 30, 2017. 

Harbin Jiarun Hospital
Co., Ltd 2nd Branch 2nd Branch Hospital was established in Harbin in the Province of Heilongjiang of the People s
Republic of China PRC by Jiarun on November 2, 2017. 

Harbin Jiarun Hospital
Co., Ltd Harbin New District Branch 3rd Branch Hospital ), a third hospital branch of Jiarun, incorporated in Harbin City
of Heilongjiang, China in April 2021. 

On November 20, 2013,
Junsheng Zhang, the senior officer of Jiarun, established JRSIS Health Care Corporation, a Florida corporation JRSS or
the Company ). On February 25, 2013, the officer of Jiarun established JRSIS Health Care Limited JHCL ), as
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and on September 17, 2012, the officer of Jiarun Hospital established Runteng Medical Group
Co., Ltd Runteng ), as a wholly owned subsidiary of JHCL. Until April 28, 2022 Runteng, a Hong Kong registered Investment
Company, held 70 equity interest in Jiarun. 

On December 20, 2013,
the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of JHCL, for 12,000,000 shares of its common stock. JHCL, through
its wholly owned subsidiary, Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd, holds majority ownership in Jiarun, a company duly incorporated, organized
and validly existing under the laws of China. As the parent company, JRSS relied on Jiarun to conduct 100 of our businesses and operations. 

On March 17, 2022, the
Company entered into an agreement on the establishment of Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. Laidian with Zhong
Zhuowei. The agreement contains a covenant by Zhong Zhuowei to fund the operations of Laidian which is 100 owned by Runteng, in consideration
of Mr. Zhong s financial commitment and commitment to provide management services, the Company agreed to issue 39,130,000 shares
of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei upon the initiation of operations of Laidian. 

On April 12, 2022, Runteng has setup and owned
100 of the equity in Laidian, a wholly-owned subsidiary to engage in the business of providing charging services to electric vehicles
incorporated in Zhongshan City of Guangdong, China. 

13 

On April 28, 2022 JRSS
completed the spin-off of its subsidiary Jiarun as JRSS s subsidiary Runteng transferred its 70 equity interest in Jiarun to Zhang
Junsheng (the Spin-Off ). In exchange for the 70 equity interest in Jiarun, Zhang Junsheng transferred to Runteng 5,392,000
shares of JRSS common stock. 

On May 5, 2022, JRSS issued 39,130,000 shares
of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei. Under Agreement on the establishment of Laidian technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. to
serve as a management and set up the Laidian. As Mr. Zhong had previously acquired 8,000,000 shares in private transactions, he owned
47,130,000 shares (80.7 of JRSS common stock as on May 5, 2022. 

On May 17, 2022, the
Company issued a total of 6,000,000 share of common stock for US 60,000 at US 0.01 per share to six non-US shareholders. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Management
Estimates 

In preparing our financial
statements we are required to formulate accounting policies regarding valuation of our assets and liabilities and to develop estimates
of those values. In our preparation of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no estimates made
which were (a) subject to a high degree of uncertainty and (b) material to our results. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table shows key components of the
results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For The Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Revenue: 

Consultation 
 89,166 
 - 
 89,166 
 n/a 
 
 Total Revenue 
 89,166 
 - 
 89,166 
 n/a 
 
 Operating costs and expenses: 

Salaries and benefits 
 14,712 
 - 
 14,712 
 n/a 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 245,465 
 - 
 245,465 
 n/a 
 
 Office supplies 
 37,582 
 7,242 
 30,340 
 419 
 
 Rentals and leases 
 14,712 
 - 
 14,712 
 n/a 
 
 Professional fee 
 96,795 
 97,701 
 (906 
 (1 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (7 
 (1,142 
 1,135 
 (99 
 
 Depreciation 
 5,796 
 - 
 5,796 
 n/a 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 415,055 
 103,801 
 311,254 
 300 
 
 Loss from operations before other income and income taxes 
 (325,889 
 (103,801 
 (222,088 
 214 
 
 Other income / (expenses) 
 (1,741 
 - 
 (1,741 
 n/a 
 
 Loss from operations before income taxes 
 (327,630 
 (103,801 
 (223,829 
 216 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss from continued operations 
 (327,630 
 (103,801 
 (223,829 
 216 
 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 (33,393,670 
 3,292,746 
 (36,686,416 
 (1114 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (33,721,300 
 3,188,945 
 (36,910,245 
 (1157 
 
 Comprehensive income (Loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment from continued operations 
 17,396 
 55,624 
 (38,228 
 (69 
 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment from discontinued operations 
 301,922 
 875,758 
 (573,836 
 (66 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 (33,401,982 
 4,120,327 
 (37,522,309 
 (911 

14 

Revenue 

In April 2022 the Company, through its newly-organized
subsidiary, Laidian, commenced the business of providing consulting services to enterprises seeking to develop and commercialize EV charging
stations in Guangzhou City. Operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was the fees paid to the Company s consulting
services as well as planning and design of charging stations for Laidian s customer. 

Operating costs and expenses 

The Company s continued operations for the year ended December
31, 2022 consisted of organizing its subsidiary Laidian, initiating the delivery of consulting services related to installation of EV
charging stations, and collecting the equipment, facilities and personnel that will be needed for the expansion of Laidian s operations
into proprietary development and operation of charging stations. Total operating costs and expenses were 415,055 for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

59 of the costs and expenses for 2022 were attributable
to stock-based compensation. In April 2022 the Company issued 39,130,000 shares of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei in consideration
of his commitment to provide managerial services for the development of the Laidian s charging station business and to provide such
funds to Laidian as would be required to initiate its operations. These shares had a negotiated value of 1,056,510, of which 74,652
was reimbursement for Mr. Zhong s payment of Laidian s paid in capital. The remaining 981,858 was capitalized as deferred
expenses and will be amortized as stock-based compensation over the three years commencing in April of 2022. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company record 246,465 stock-based compensation expense by virtue of this amortization. 

The other significant operating expense was professional
fees of 96,795 for the year ended December 31, 2022. These fees were primarily accounting and legal fees related to the Company s
U.S. reporting obligations. Professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 97,701. 

Loss from operations and net loss 

Loss from continuing
operations was 327,630 for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily attributable to the 245,465 stock-based compensation expense.
Loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 103,801, which represented expenses incurred in that year
by the parent Florida corporation, as all other expenses incurred in 2021 related to the operations of Jiarun and have been associated
with discontinued operations. 

On April 28, 2022,
the Company completed the spin-off of its subsidiary Jiarun, and reclassified the results of Jiarun s operations as discontinued
operations recorded 33,393,670 net loss. 

For the year ended December
31 2022, the Company s net loss from discontinued operations was 33,393,670, most of which represented the book value of Jiarun
on April 28, 2022 less the market value of the shares delivered to the Company in exchange for Jiarun. For the year ended December 31,
2021, the Company realized net income from discontinued operations of 3,292,746, which represented the net income earned by Jiarun during
that year. 

After deducting the provision
for income tax, the Company s net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 33,721,300, primarily representing the net loss
incurred as a result of the Spin-off of Jiarun. Net income for 2021 was 3,188,945. 

Foreign Currency Translation
Adjustment. 

Our reporting currency
is the U.S. dollar. Our local currency, Renminbi (RMB), is our functional currency. Results of operations and cash flows are translated
at average exchange rates during the year, and assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate as quoted by the People s
Bank of China at the end of the year. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive
income in the statement of stockholders equity. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, foreign currency translation adjustments of 17,396 and 55,624, respectively, have been reported as other
comprehensive income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

15 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our cash flows for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below: 

The Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 3,066,645 
 8,233,016 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,827,685 
 (5,500,437 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (738,241 
 (2,798,024 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 
 (298,074 
 76,589 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (797,355 
 11,144 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 855,971 
 844,827 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, ending of year 
 58,616 
 855,971 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had 58,616 of cash and cash equivalents, a decrease of 797,355 from our cash and cash equivalents balance (included discontinued
operations) at December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily caused by the Spin-off, as cash held by Jiarun was removed from our consolidated
statement. 

Our working capital at
December 31, 2022 was 755,619, an increase of 4,490,898 from our 3,733,571 in working capital deficit at December 31, 2021. The increase
was primarily attributable to the Company spin-off of Jiarun hospital, which resulted in a decrease of 2,240,486 in the working capital
deficit from December 31, 2021. 

The primary non-cash component of our working
capital at December 31, 2022 was deferred expenses totaling 736,393. This balance represents the net market value of the Company s
grant of 39,130,000 shares of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei upon the initiation of the operations of Laidian. In April 2022, when
Laidian initiated operations, these shares had a negotiated value of 1,056,510, of which 981,858 was attributed to services that Mr.
Zhong committed to provide to the Company during the 3 years following April of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
record 245,465 stock-based compensation expense. 

Although our current resources and cash flows
are adequate to pay our current ongoing obligations, we anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to
fund our growth and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such growth requirements are expected to be additional
funds raised from the sale of equity and/or debt financing. However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional
financing on terms satisfactory to us. 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had cash flow from operating
activities of 3,066,645, a decrease of 5,166,371 from 8,233,016 of cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash flow from operations
decreased primarily because Jiarun hospital spun off from the Company resulting in 978,387 cash outflow from the Company at April 1,
2022. 

16 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,827,685, compared to net cash used in investing activities of 5,500,437 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The cash used in investing activities of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly used for
the purchase of equipment. 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2022 was 738,241, as compared to net cash used in financing activities of 2,798,024 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was mainly because the Company acquired Laidian
in April 2022. In addition, the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of its common stock to six shareholders for sales of 60,000, and payment
for lease obligation 867,508 in discontinued operations. 

Trends, Events and Uncertainties 

We do not know of any trends, events or uncertainties
that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our net sales or revenues or income from continuing operations.
Our business is not seasonal in nature. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet items reasonably
likely to have a material effect on our financial condition. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent accounting pronouncements issued by the
FASB, the AICPA or the SEC did not, or are not believed by management to, have a material effect on the Company s present or
future consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide information
required under this item. 

17 

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 - F-19 

F- 1 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Practising) 

Unit 1304, 13/F, Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Hong Kong. 

22 13 1304 

Tel : (852) 2126 2388 Fax : (852) 2122 9078 

Email : info@czdcpa.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

JRSIS Health Care Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of JRSIS Health Care Corporation and subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, change in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
JRSIS Health Care Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 13 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered substantial
losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficits. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 13. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the Board of Directors (Those Charged with Governance) that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical matters. 

/s/ Centurion ZD CPA Co. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

, China 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other receivables 
 
 -

Amount due from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred expenses 
 
 -

Current assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 
 
 -

Right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Amount due to related parties 
 -

Other payable 
 -

Payroll payable 
 
 -

Lease liabilities - current 
 
 -

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 
 -

Lease liabilities non-current 
 
 -

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficits 

Other comprehensive income 

Total shareholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 
 -

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated
financial statements 

F- 3 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

(AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) 

For The Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Consultation 
 
 -

Total revenue 
 
 -

Operating costs and expenses: 

Salaries and benefits 
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

Office supplies 

Right-of-use assets amortization 
 
 -

Lease liabilities interest expense 
 
 -

Professional fee 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Depreciation 
 
 -

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations before other income and income taxes 

Other income/(expenses) 
 
 -

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss from continued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustment from continued operations 

Foreign currency translation adjustment from discontinued operations 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Net loss from continuing operations per share of common stock 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Net income(loss) from discontinuing operations per share of common stock 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding (Basic) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding (Diluted) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHARESHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) 

Common stock 
 Accumulated 
 Other comprehensive 
 Additional paid-in 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total Shareholders 

Quantity 
 Amount 
 Deficits 
 income 
 capital 
 Interest 
 equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued 

-
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Discontinued Operations adjustment 
 - 
 -

-

-

Loss from discontinuing operations 
 - 
 -

-

-

Net income 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Shares issued for officer compensation 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for private placement 

-
 
 -

-

Shares repurchase and cancelled 

-
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance at December 31, 2022 

-

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD, EXCEPT SHARES) 

For The Year Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

Less: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net loss from continued operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 
 -

Right-of-use assets amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of warranty liability 

Stock-based compensation 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Amount due from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Amount due to related parties 
 - 

Payroll payable 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities from continued operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities from continued operations 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Non-cash issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 
 -

Derivative financial instruments 

Net cash provided by financing activities from continued operations 
 
 -

Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, ending of period 

Analysis of cash and cash equivalents 

Included in cash and cash equivalents per consolidated balance sheets 

Included in cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations 
 -

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Continuing operations: 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Discontinued operations: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities 

Shares issued for officer compensation 
 
 -

Shares repurchase 
 
 -

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

of the equity in JRSIS Health Care Limited JHCL ), which is a Limited Liability Company registered in British Virgin Island BVI on February 25, 2013. JHCL owns of the equity in Runteng Medical Group Co., Ltd Runteng ), a limited
liability company registered in Hong Kong on September 17, 2012. Until March 31, 2022, Runteng owned of the equity in Harbin Jiarun
Hospital Co., Ltd Jiarun ), a for-profit hospital incorporated in Harbin City of Heilongjiang, China in February 2006. The
remaining of the equity in Jiarun was owned by Junsheng Zhang, who is the Chairman of the Board of JRSIS Health Care Corporation. 

of the equity in Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd Laidian ), a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE subsidiary. The Company organized Laidian to engage in the business of providing charging services to electric vehicles operating in Zhongshan
City of Guangdong, China. 

equity interest in Jiarun to Zhang Junsheng (the Spin-Off ). In exchange
for the interest in Jiarun, Zhang Junsheng transferred to Runteng shares of JRSIS common stock. 

F- 7 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

/ 
 / 
 
 Revenue and expenses 
 
 / 
 / 

of net accounts receivable. For those
credit sales, the Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk,
establishes an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable credit
risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of total revenue.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, no customers accounted for more than of total revenue. 

F- 8 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

years 
 
 Office equipment 
 years 

F- 9 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

I. Fair Value Measurement (continued) 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

() 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 

F- 10 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

shares of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei in compensation for his undertaking to provide management services and financing in connection
with the initiation of operations of Laidian. These shares had a negotiated value of . of that sum was treated as reimbursement
for Mr. Zhong s contribution of Laidian s paid in capital. The remaining was classified as share-based compensation
and capitalized as a deferred expense to be amortized over the commencing in April of 2022. For the year ended December 31,
2022, the Company recorded compensation expenses. 

of their taxable income. 

F- 11 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 2. SUMMARIES OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

of the total equity in Jiarun Hospital and Mr. Zhang transferred to Runteng shares of the Registrant s
common stock. 

F- 12 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 3. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (Continued) 

Operating costs and expenses 

Income from operations before other loss and income taxes 

Other income (loss) 

Income (loss) from operations before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Accounts receivable, net 
 -

Inventories 
 -

Other receivables 
 -

Prepayments 
 -

Amount due from related parties 
 -

Deferred expenses 
 -

Current assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Construction in progress 
 -

Property and equipment, net 
 -

Long term deferred expenses 
 -

Deposits for capital leases 
 -

Right-of-use assets 
 -

Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 -

Accounts payable 
 -

Notes payable 
 -

Deposits received 
 -

Amount due to related parties 
 -

Other payable 
 -

Deferred tax payable 
 -

Tax payable 
 -

Payroll payable 
 -

Lease liabilities - current 
 -

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

Lease liabilities non-current 
 -

Deferred tax payable 
 - 

Other capital lease payable 
 -

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 -

F- 13 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

-

Office equipment and others 
 
 -

Total fixed assets at cost 
 
 -

Accumulated depreciation 
 
 -

Total fixed assets, net 
 
 -

and nil for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

per month for 23 months. This office is used as office for Laidian. 

and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 

Total 

Liabilities 

Lease liabilities- Current 

Lease liabilities- Non-current 

Total 

F- 14 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

NOTE 5. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued) 

2024 

Total 

and nil for the Company, for discontinued operations) for the years ended December 31 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

shares of the registrant s common
stock to Auctus Fund, LLC. The warrant contains certain reset provisions. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments
requires that the Company record fair value of the derivative as of the inception date (issuance date) and to record changes in fair value
as of each subsequent reporting date. As of the date of filling this report, there were no outstanding warrants. 

- 
 
 Total Revenue 
 
 -

F- 15 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

. No provision for the US federal income taxes has been made as the Company had no US taxable income for the
periods presented, and its earnings are planned to be reinvested indefinitely into the operations of the Company in the PRC. 

Tax rate at 

Non-taxable income 

Income tax expense 
 -

. 

Tax rate at 

Allowance on tax losses 

Income tax expense 
 -

of their taxable income. 

Tax rate at 

Allowance on tax losses 

Income tax expense 
 -

F- 16 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

-

-

-

Related party transaction consisted of the following: 

-

and of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On May 5, 2022, the
Company issued shares of its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei under the Agreement on the establishment of Laidian technology
(Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. in compensation for his undertaking to provide management services and financing in connection with the initiation
of operations of Laidian. These shares had a negotiated value of . of that sum was treated as reimbursement for Mr.
Zhong s contribution of Laidian s paid-in capital. The remaining was classified as share-based compensation and capitalized
as a deferred expense to be amortized over the commencing in April of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded compensation expenses by reason of the amortization of the deferred expense. 

F- 17 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

Net loss from continued operations 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding 

Net income(loss) per share: 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

Net loss from continuing operations per share of common stock 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

Net income (loss) from discontinuing operations per share of common stock 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

F- 18 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(AMOUNTS IN USD) 

owned by Runteng Medical, in consideration of Mr. Zhong s
financial commitment and commitment to provide management services, the company agreed to issue shares of its common stock
to Zhong Zhuowei upon the initiation of operations of Laidian. On May 5, 2022, the company issued shares of its common stock
to Zhong Zhuowei. As Mr. Zhong had previously acquired shares in private transactions, he owned shares of
the Company s common stock as on May 5, 2022. 

share
of common stock for US at US per share to six non-US shareholders. 

and shares
of common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

and a negative retained earnings or accumulated deficit
as of December 31, 2022. These factors raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. In view of the matter
described above, recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheet is dependent
upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional capital, obtain
financing and succeed in its future operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be
unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, Management determined that the following
material weakness existed in our internal control over financial reporting: 

The relatively small number of employees who are responsible for accounting
functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. The Company may engage more employees when more financial
resources are available. 

Our internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying and addressing
complex accounting issued under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Currently, we are relying on external consultants to assist
us complying with the US GAAP financial reporting process. 

We are trying to improve our documentation system concerning our existing
financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls so as to provide sufficient and adequate records for the preparation and disclosure
of financial reporting process. Currently, we are relying on external consultants to assist us complying with the financial reporting
process. 

We do not presently have an audit committee. The Company will
setup an audit committee when more financial resources are available. 

Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures was not effective
as of December 31, 2022 for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. The Company s management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the Company s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the
Company s financial statements and that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

18 

As of December 31, 2022, our management, under
the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c) under the Exchange Act. In making this assessment,
Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (1992), including the following five framework components: i) control environment, ii) risk assessment, iii)
control activities, iv) information and communications, and v) monitoring. In the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified three material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.
These material weaknesses consisted of the three material weaknesses identified above under the heading Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. 

Management does not believe that the current level
of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above
condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as
of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to an exemption for non-accelerated filers from the internal control audit requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 . 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the period covered
by this report, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected or is reasonably
likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

19 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

On April 12, 2022, Runteng organized and acquired 100 of the equity
in Laidian to engage in the business of providing charging services to electric vehicles. On April 28, 2022 JRSIS completed the spin-off
of Jiarun. As a result, JRSIS does not beneficially own any equity interest in Jiarun. According to the spin-off agreement on April 28,
2022, the effective date of spin-off was April 1, 2022. In connection with the spin-off of Jiarun, all of the directors and executive
officers then in office resigned from their positions and the Company organized a new board and executive team. 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning our current
directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 On Board 
Periods 
 
 Zhong, Zhuowei 
 
 50 
 
 President, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 Since April 2022 
 
 Huang, Zhifei 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Since April 2022 
 
 Chen, Zhuowen 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Since April 2022 

Zhong, Zhuowei , Mr.
Zhong has been appointed to the Board to bring his extensive experience in corporate management, specifically in the business of EV charging
services, and his familiarity with U.S. securities laws and practices. Since 2017 Mr. Zhong has served as Chairman of Zhongshan Wanqi
Investment Consulting Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhong holds a Master s Degree in Business Administration awarded by Tsinghua University. He
is 50 years old. 

Huang, Zhifei Mr.
Huang has been appointed to the Board to bring his experience in corporate management and project design. From 2017 through 2021 Mr. Huang
was employed as Chief Executive Officer of Zhongshan Yuandian Industrial Development Co., Ltd. Mr. Huang holds a Master s Degree
in Business Administration awarded by Sun Yat-Sen University. He is 46 years old. 

Chen, Zhuowen Mr.
Chen has been appointed to the Board to bring his experience in financial management. Mr. Chen has been employed since 1998 in positions
with responsibility for financial accounting. In particular, from 2017 through 2021 Mr. Chen was employed as Chief Financial Officer of
Zhongshan Yuandian Industrial Development Co., Ltd. From 2006 to 2016 Mr. Chen was employed as Chief Financial Officer of Shanghai FuDi
Company. Mr. Chen was awarded a Master s Degree in Business Administration. He is 59 years old. 

Legal Proceedings Involving Officers and Directors 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

20 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

We do not presently have an audit committee.
Our Board of Directors currently acts as our Audit committee. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not presently have a compensation committee.
Our Board of Directors currently acts as our compensation committee. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not presently have a nominating committee.
Our Board of Directors currently acts as our nominating committee. 

Code of Ethics 

We do not presently have a code of ethics. However,
we intend to adopt such a code of ethics in the future. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation
paid by us to our executive officers for services during the presented years. There was no cash compensation paid to executive officers
in 2022 since our business scale was small. We will consider the payment of cash compensation to our executive officers after the company
is enlarged or new enterprises are merged in the future. 

Non-Equity 
 Non-qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Comp. 
 Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Comp. 
 Earnings 
 Comp. 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Zhong, Zhuowei 
 2022 

245,465 #1 

245,465 
 
 President 
 2021 

Huang Zhifei 
 2022 

CEO 
 2021 

Chen, Zhuowen 
 2022 

CFO 
 2021 

Sun, Lihua 
 #2 2022 

CFO/Director 
 2021 
 26,334 

26,334 

(#1) The Company issued 39,130,000 shares of its common stock to
Zhong Zhuowei in compensation for his undertaking to provide management services and financing in connection with the initiation of operations
of Laidian. These shares had a negotiated value of 1,056,510. 74,652 of that sum was treated as reimbursement for Mr. Zhong s
contribution of Laidian s paid in capital. The remaining 981,858 was classified as share-based compensation and capitalized as
a deferred expense to be amortized over the three years commencing in April of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded 245,465 compensation expenses. 

(#2) Sun Lihua resigned as the Chief Finanical Office along with
the spin-off of Jiarun. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

No individual grants of stock options or other
equity incentive awards have been made to any executive officer or any director since our inception. 

Employment Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control
Arrangements 

We have not entered into any employment or other
contracts or arrangements with our executive officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made
by us, with respect to our officers, directors or consultants that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination
of such directors, officers or consultants from us. There are no arrangements for directors, officers, employees or consultants that would
result from a change-in-control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no formal plan for compensating our directors
for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may award special remuneration
to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of JRSIS Health Care Corporation other than services ordinarily required of
a director. To date, we have paid no compensation to any person for services as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

21 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of the date hereof for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner
of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers
and directors as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises
sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within
60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants or otherwise. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating
to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the
owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For purposes of this table, a person or group
of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire
within 60 days as of the date hereof. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each
person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days are deemed to be
outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion
herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

The percentage ownership information shown in
the table below is calculated based on 58,366,569 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Amount and 

Nature of 

Beneficial 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 Percentage 
 
 Common Stock 
 Zhong, Zhuowei 
 47,130,000 
 80.75 

President, Chairman of the board. 
 Direct 

Common Stock 
 Huang, Zhifei 
 - 
 - 

CEO, Director 

Common Stock 
 Chen, Zhuowen 
 - 
 - 

CFO, Director 

Common Stock 
 All Officers and Directors as a Group (3 persons) 
 47,130,000 
 80.75 

As a result of the ownership by our Chairman of
80.75 of the outstanding shares, our Chairman will have significant influence to: 

Elect or defeat the election of our directors; 

Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

Effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

Determine the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of the significant ownership
position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to effect a change in the Company s business or management, and therefore,
shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. 

22 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

There have been no transactions since the beginning
of the 2022 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded
or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years,
and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Executive
Compensation ), except as follows: 

On May 5, 2022, we issued 39,130,000 shares of
its common stock to Zhong Zhuowei. Under Agreement on the establishment of Laidian technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. Mr.
Zhong agreed to provide management services and financing in connection with the initiation of operations of Laidian. As Mr. Zhong had
previously acquired 8,000,000 shares in private transactions, he owned 47,130,000 shares (80.75 of the Company s common stock
as on May 5, 2022. 

Independent Directors 

No director will be considered independent 
unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no direct or indirect relationship with the Company that, in the opinion
of the Company s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. 

The Board of Directors has determined that none
of the three current members of the Board is independent. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

We were billed by our independent public accounting
firm, Centurion ZD CPA Co., for the following professional services it performed for us during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 as set forth in the table below. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 112,000 
 84,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 6,429 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Audit Fees consisted of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided in connection with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 
 
 (2) 
 Audit-related Fees consisted of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are traditionally performed by the principal accountant and which are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements. Operational audits would not be related to the audit or review of the financial statements and, therefore, the fees for these services should be included in All Other Fees. As required by the rules, the registrant would need to include a narrative description of the services included in the All Other Fees category. 

Our Board of Directors pre-approves all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor
and the fees to be paid in connection with such services. 

23 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

Name 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Incumbency on January 22, 2014 (1) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of Common Stock filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement on Establishment of Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co., Ltd. dated March 17, 2022 between JRSIS Health Care Corporation and Zhong Zhuowei filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) and contained in Exhibit 101 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the same exhibit filed with our registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-194359). 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Huang Zhifei 

Huang Zhifei 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chen Zhuowen 

Chen Zhuwen 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Zhong Zhuowei 
 
 President, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Zhong Zhuowei 

/s/ Huang Zhifei 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Huang Zhifei 

/s/ Chen Zhuowen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Chen Zhuowen 

25 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2022ex21_jrsishealth.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit
21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 

SUBSIDIARIES 

JRSIS Health Care Limited, organized in the British
Virgin Islands 

Runteng Medical Group Company Limited, organized
in Hong Kong 

Laidian Technology (Zhongshan) Co. Ltd., organized
in the People s Republic of China 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_jrsishealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Zhifei Huang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K for JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Zhifei Huang 

Zhifei Huang, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_jrsishealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Chen Zhuowen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-K of JRSIS HEALTH CARE CORPORATION; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and the internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Chen Zhuowen 

Chen Zhuowen, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_jrsishealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JRSIS
HEALTH CARE CORPORATION. (the Company on Form 10-K for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhifei Huang, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Zhifei Huang 
 
 Dated: April 17, 2023 

Zhifei Huang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This
certification is being furnished to the SEC as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and shall not, except to the extent required by the of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A
signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided by the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_jrsishealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JRSIS
HEALTH CARE CORPORATION. (the Company on Form 10-K for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chen Zhuowen, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Chen Zhuowen 
 
 Dated: April 17, 2023 

Chen Zhuowen 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

This
certification is being furnished to the SEC as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
and shall not, except to the extent required by the of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A
signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided by the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 jrss-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 jrss-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 jrss-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 jrss-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 jrss-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

