<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230516_10-K_edgar_data_1172178_0001493152-23-017610.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7069201</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189530</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1488571</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1935138</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1568354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1761446</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-017610.hdr.sgml : 20230516
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230515212942
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-017610
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230516
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIBERTY STAR URANIUM & METALS CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001172178
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				270019071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50071
		FILM NUMBER:		23925372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 EAST CONGRESS ST.
		STREET 2:		STE 900
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		520-425-1433

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 EAST CONGRESS ST.
		STREET 2:		STE 900
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY STAR GOLD CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TITANIUM INTELLIGENCE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-017610.txt : 20230516

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________to______________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, par value 0.00001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the
correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: as of July 31, 2021. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

4 

Item 1. Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 6 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 10 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 10 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 16 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 16 
 
 PART II 

16 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 16 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 19 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 23 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 23 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 24 
 
 PART III 

24 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 24 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 28 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 30 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 31 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 32 

Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 
 34 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects ,
 plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors , that
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from
any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

While
these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment
regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions,
projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by
applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements
to conform these statements to actual results. 

All
dollar amounts refer to U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. Our consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

As
used in this annual report on Form 10-K, the terms we , us , the Company and Liberty Star 
mean Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. and our subsidiaries, Hay Mountain Holdings, LLC, Earp Ridge Mines LLC and Red Rock Mines
LLC, unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Business
development 

Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. (the Company , we or Liberty Star was formerly Liberty Star
Gold Corp. and formerly Titanium Intelligence, Inc. Titanium ). Titanium was incorporated on August 20, 2001 under the
laws of the State of Nevada. On February 5, 2004, we commenced operations in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties business.
In April 2007, we changed our name to Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. Hay Mountain Holdings, LLC, (formerly known as Hay Mountain
Super Project LLC) our wholly owned subsidiary, serves as the primary holding company for development of the potential ore bodies encompassed
in the Hay Mountain area of interest in Arizona. In April 2019, we formed the first company intended for engagement with future venture
partners named Earp Ridge Mines LLC. On August 13, 2020, the Company formed Red Rock Mines, LLC Red Rock ), an Arizona
corporation, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hay Mountain Holdings, LLC. We are in the exploration phase of operations and have not generated
any revenues from operations. 

Our
current business 

We
are engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in the state of Arizona and the Southwest USA. Claims in the state
of Arizona are held in the name of Liberty Star. We use the term Super Project to indicate a project in which numerous
mineral targets have been identified, any one or more of which could potentially contain commercially viable quantities of minerals.
Our significant projects are described below. 

Tombstone
Super Project Tombstone ): Tombstone is located in Cochise County, Arizona and covers the Tombstone caldera and its
environs. Within the Tombstone caldera is the Hay Mountain target and Red Rock Canyon target. We are concentrating our work at Red Rock
Canyon at this time. We plan to ascertain whether the Tombstone, Hay Mountain claims possess commercially viable deposits of copper,
molybdenum, gold, silver, lead, zinc, manganese and other metals including Rare Earth Elements (REE s). We have not identified
any ore reserves to date, although we have identified areas which are material of economic interest. 

Title
to mineral claims involves certain inherent risks due to difficulties in determining the validity of certain claims, as well as potential
for problems arising from the frequently ambiguous conveyancing history characteristic of many mineral properties. We have investigated
title to all the Company s mineral properties and, to the best of its knowledge, title to all properties retained are in good standing. 

The
mineral resource business generally consists of three stages: exploration, development and production. Mineral resource companies that
are in the exploration stage have not yet found mineral resources in commercially exploitable quantities and are engaged in exploring
land in an effort to discover them. Mineral resource companies that have located a mineral resource in commercially exploitable quantities
and are preparing to extract that resource are in the development stage, while those engaged in the extraction of a known mineral resource
are in the production stage. We have not found any mineral resources in commercially exploitable quantities. 

There
is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on any of our properties, and further exploration is required before
we can evaluate whether any exist and, if so, whether it would be economically feasible to develop or exploit those resources. Even if
we complete our current exploration program and we are successful in identifying a mineral deposit, we would be required to spend substantial
funds on further drilling and engineering studies before we could know whether that mineral deposit material of economic interest 
will constitute a commercially viable mineral deposit, known as an ore reserve. 

4 

To
date, we have not generated any revenue. Our ability to pursue our business plan and generate revenues is subject to our ability to obtain
additional financing, and we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to do so. 

The
extent to which the coronavirus disease COVID-19 impacts our businesses will depend on future developments, which are
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue
for an extensive period of time, our operations may be materially adversely affected. 

Competition 

We
are a mineral resource company engaged in the business of mineral exploration. We compete with other mineral resource exploration companies
for financing from a limited number of investors that are prepared to make investments in mineral resource exploration companies. The
presence of competing mineral resource exploration companies may impact our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our
property acquisitions and exploration programs if investors are of the view that investments in competitors are more attractive based
on the merit of the mineral properties under investigation and the price of the investment offered to investors. 

We
also compete for mineral properties of merit with other exploration companies. Competition could reduce the availability of properties
of merit or increase the cost of acquiring additional mineral properties. 

Many
of the resource exploration companies with whom we compete may have greater financial and technical resources than we have. Accordingly,
these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of properties of merit and on exploration of their properties.
In addition, they may be able to afford greater geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of resource properties. This competition
could result in our competitors having resource properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may finance additional
exploration and to senior exploration companies that may purchase resource properties or enter into joint venture agreements with junior
exploration companies. This competition could adversely impact our ability to finance property acquisitions and further exploration. 

Compliance
with Government Regulation 

We
will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the exploration
of minerals in the State of Arizona and all other States in which we plan to operate. 

We
are required to pay annual rentals for our federal lode mining claims for the Tombstone project in the State of Arizona. The rental period
begins at noon on September 1st through the following September 1st and rental payments are due by the first day of the rental period.
As listed on the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) web site, new claims located on or after September 1, 2019 cost 255 each which includes
processing, location, and maintenance fees. The annual rentals are 165 per claim after the first year. The rentals due by September
1, 2023 for the period from September 1, 2023 through September 1, 2024 of 15,345 have not been paid yet, however, we plan to pay these
fees prior to the due date. All rentals during the year ended January 31, 2022 have been paid. 

We
are required to pay annual rentals for our Arizona State Land Department Mineral Exploration Permits AZ MEP at our Tombstone
Hay Mountain project in the State of Arizona. AZ MEP permits cost 500 per permit per year in non-refundable filing fees and are valid
for 1 year and renewable for up to 5 years. The rental fee is 2.00 per acre for the first year, which includes the second year, and
 1.00 per acre per year for years three through five. The minimum work expenditure requirements are 10 per acre per year for years one
and two and 20 per acre per year for years three through five. If the minimum work expenditure requirement is not met the applicant
can pay the equal amount in fees to the Arizona State Land Department to keep the AZ MEP permits current. The rental period begins on
the date of acceptance for each permit. Rental payments are due by the first day of the rental period. We hold AZ MEP permits for 12,878.18
acres at our Tombstone project. We plan to pay filing and rental fees for our AZ MEPs before their respective due dates in the amount
of 28,378. All fees and expenditures due during the year ended January 31, 2023 have been paid. 

5 

With
respect to the foregoing properties, additional approvals and authorizations may be required from other government agencies, depending
upon the nature and scope of the proposed exploration program. The amount of these costs is not known at this time as we do not know
the size, quality of any resource or reserve at this time, and it is extremely difficult to assess the impact of any capital expenditures
on earnings or our competitive position. 

Personnel 

Our
CEO President, Brett Gross was elected by the Board on December 7, 2018. The Board also elected Pete O Heeron as Chairman
of the Board. We also employ one full time CFO who is also our VP of Finance, one full time Geo-tech, who is also our Manager of Field
Operations, one Investor Relations Representative and one consultant CPA on a as needed basis. We hire consultants for investor relations,
exploration, derivative accounting, and administrative functions also on an as needed basis. 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the complete loss
of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information provided to you in this prospectus,
including information in the section of this annual report on Form 10-K entitled Forward-Looking Statements before making
an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of
our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Company and Our Business 

Our
businesses may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak or the related market decline and volatility. 

On
January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency
of International Concern. On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic .
The significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that is adversely affecting the economies and financial
markets worldwide, including the business which we operate and own. The recent market decline and volatility in connection with the COVID-19
pandemic could also materially and adversely affect any future potential acquisitions. Furthermore, with restrictions on travel, the
limited ability to have meetings with personnel, vendors and services providers are expected to have an adverse effect on our businesses.
The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our businesses will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our operations
may be materially adversely affected. 

Because
of the nature of the exploration of natural resource properties, there is substantial risk that this business will fail. 

There
is no assurance that any of the claims we explore or acquire will contain commercially exploitable reserves of minerals. Exploration
for natural resources is a venture involving substantial risk. Hazards such as unusual or unexpected geological formations and other
conditions often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. We may also become subject to significant liability for pollution or hazards,
which we cannot insure or which we may elect not to insure. There is substantial risk that our business will fail. 

6 

If
we cannot compete successfully for financing and for qualified managerial and technical employees, our exploration program may suffer. 

Our
competition in the mining industry includes large established mining companies with substantial capabilities and with greater financial
and technical resources than we have. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to acquire additional financing on terms we consider
acceptable because investors may choose to invest in our competitors instead of investing in us. We also compete with other mining companies
in the recruitment and retention of qualified managerial and technical employees. Our success will be largely dependent on our ability
to hire and retain highly qualified personnel. These individuals are in high demand and we may not be able to attract the personnel we
need. We may not be able to afford the high salaries and fees demanded by qualified personnel or may lose such employees after they are
hired. If we are unable to successfully compete for financing or for qualified employees, our exploration program may be slowed down
or suspended. 

Exploration
and exploitation activities are subject to comprehensive regulation which may cause substantial delays or require capital outlays in
excess of those anticipated causing an adverse effect on our company. 

Exploration
and exploitation activities are subject to federal, state, and local laws, regulations and policies, including laws regulating the removal
of natural resources from the ground and the discharge of materials into the environment. Exploration and exploitation activities are
also subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations which seek to maintain health and safety standards by regulating the design
and use of drilling methods and equipment. 

Various
permits from government bodies are required for drilling operations to be conducted; no assurance can be given that such permits will
be received. Environmental and other legal standards imposed by federal, state, or local authorities may be changed, and any such changes
may prevent us from conducting planned activities or increase our costs of doing so, which would have material adverse effects on our
business. Moreover, compliance with such laws may cause substantial delays or require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated,
thus causing an adverse effect on us. Additionally, we may be subject to liability for pollution or other environmental damages which
we may not be able to or elect not to insure against due to prohibitive premium costs and other reasons. Any laws, regulations or policies
of any government body or regulatory agency may be changed, applied or interpreted in a manner which will alter and negatively affect
our ability to carry on our business. 

There
are no known reserves of minerals on our mineral claims, and we cannot guarantee that we will find any commercial quantities of minerals. 

We
have not found any mineral reserves on our claims and there can be no assurance that any of our mineral claims contain commercial quantities
of any minerals. Even if we identify commercial quantities of minerals in any of our claims, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to exploit the reserves or, if we are able to exploit them, that we will do so on a profitable basis. Any such efforts will require
financing, which we may not be able to arrange. 

Because
the probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves is extremely remote, any funds spent on exploration may be lost. 

The
probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves is extremely remote. In all probability, our properties may not contain any
reserves. As such, any funds spent on exploration may be lost, which would most likely result in a loss of your investment. 

We
have a limited operating history and as a result there is no assurance we can operate on a profitable basis. 

We
have a limited operating history and must be considered in the exploration stage. Our operations will be subject to all the risks inherent
in the establishment of an exploration stage enterprise and the uncertainties arising from the absence of a significant operating history.
Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure
of such enterprises, especially those with a limited operating history. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that
we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration, and additional
costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. The expenditures to be made by us in the exploration of the mineral claim may not
result in the discovery of mineral deposits. Problems such as unusual or unexpected formations of rock or land and other conditions are
involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. If the results of our exploration do not reveal
viable commercial mineralization, we may decide to abandon our claim and acquire new claims for new exploration or cease operations.
The acquisition of additional claims will be dependent upon us possessing capital resources at the time in order to purchase such claims.
If no funding is available, we may be forced to abandon our operations. No assurance can be given that we will ever operate on a profitable
basis. 

7 

If
we do not obtain additional financing, our business will fail and our investors could lose their investment. 

We
had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 32,616 and negative working capital of 570,556 as of January 31, 2023. We currently
do not generate revenue from our operations. Our business plan calls for substantial investment and cost in connection with the acquisition
and exploration of our mineral properties currently under lease and option. Any direct acquisition of any of the claims under lease or
option is subject to our ability to obtain the financing necessary for us to fund and carry out exploration programs on the subject properties.
The requirements are substantial. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain operations at a level sufficient for an investor
to obtain a return on their investment in our common stock. Further, we may continue to be unprofitable. Obtaining additional financing
would be subject to a number of factors, including market prices for minerals, investor acceptance of our properties, contractual restrictions
on our ability to enter into further financing arrangements, and investor sentiment. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms
or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us and our business could fail. 

Because
there is no assurance that we will generate revenues, we face a high risk of business failure. 

We
have not earned any revenue and have never been profitable. We do not have an ownership interest in any revenue generating properties.
We were incorporated in 2001 and took over our current business in 2004. To date, we have been involved primarily in organizational and
exploration activities. We will incur substantial operating and exploration expenditures without realizing any revenues. We therefore
expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We have limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future
success or failure can be made. We recognize that if we are unable to generate significant revenues from our activities, we will not
be able to earn profits or continue operations. Based upon current plans, we also expect to incur significant operating losses in the
future. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in raising capital to fund these operating losses or generate revenues in the
future. We can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations.
If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail and our investors could lose their investment. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report states that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Turner Stone and Company L.L.P., stated in its audit report attached to our audited financial
statements for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 that since we have suffered recurring losses from operations, require additional
funds for further exploratory activity prior to attaining a revenue generating status, and we may not find sufficient ore reserves to
be commercially mined, there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
existence of our mining claims depends on our ability to fund exploratory activity or to pay fees. 

Our
mining claims, which are the central part of our business, require that we either pay fees, or incur certain minimum development costs
annually, or the claims will be forfeited. Due to our current financial situation, we may not be able to meet these obligations and we
could therefore lose our claims. This would impair our ability to raise capital and would negatively impact the value of our company. 

8 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Because
we will likely issue additional shares of our common stock, investment in our company could be subject to substantial dilution. 

Investors 
interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional
shares. We are authorized to issue 74,800,000 shares of common stock, 0.00001 par value per share. As of January 31, 2023, there were
18,671,159 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding, if any,
will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we do sell more common stock, investors investment
in our company will likely be diluted. Dilution is the difference between what you pay for your stock and the net tangible book value
per share immediately after the additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in our company s common stock
could seriously decline in value. 

The
sale of our stock under the convertible notes and the common share purchase warrants could encourage short sales by third parties, which
could contribute to the future decline of our stock price. 

In
many circumstances, the provision of financing based on the distribution of equity for companies that are quoted on the OTCQB market
has the potential to cause a significant downward pressure on the price of common stock. This is especially the case if the shares being
placed into the market exceed the market s ability to take up the increased stock or if we have not performed in such a manner
to show that the equity funds raised will grow our business. Such an event could place further downward pressure on the price of our
common stock. Regardless of our activities, the opportunity exists for short sellers and others to contribute to the future decline of
our stock price. If there are significant short sales of our common stock, the price decline that would result from this activity will
cause the share price to decline more, which may cause other stockholders of the stock to sell their shares, thereby contributing to
sales of common stock in the market. If there are many more shares of our common stock on the market for sale than the market will absorb,
the price of our common shares will likely decline. 

Trading
in our common stock on the OTCQB is limited and sporadic making it difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares or liquidate their
investments. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted for public trading on the OTCQB. The trading price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations.
Trading prices of our common stock may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, many of which will be beyond our control. The stock
market has generally experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of companies with no current business operation. There can be no assurance that trading prices and price earnings ratios
previously experienced by our common stock will be matched or maintained. These broad market and industry factors may adversely affect
the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market
price of a company s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted. Such litigation, if instituted,
could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management s attention and resources. 

Our
bylaws contain provisions indemnifying our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses incurred by them. 

Our
bylaws contain provisions with respect to the indemnification of our officers and directors against all costs, charges and expenses,
including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment, actually and reasonably incurred by them, including an amount paid
to settle an action or satisfy a judgment in a civil, criminal or administrative action or proceeding to which they are made parties
by reason of their being or having been our directors or officers. 

Our
bylaws were changed on June 22, 2020 to add Class A Shares to deter a take-over of our company. 

We
amended our bylaws on June 22, 2020 to add Class A shares which have increased voting power of 200 to one per share to deter a hostile
take-over of our company, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Nevada to establish the terms
of the Company s Class A Common Stock (the Class A Shares ), par value 0.00001 per share, 200,000 shares authorized.
The terms of the Class A Shares include 200-1 voting rights in addition to the rights held by common stockholders. Only persons who are
current members of the Company s Board of Directors may own or hold Class A Shares. 

9 

We
do not pay dividends on any investment in the shares of stock of our company and any gain on an investment in our company needs to come
through an increase in our stock s price.. 

We
have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we
require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may prohibit the payment of a dividend.
Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in our company will need to come through an increase in the
stock s price. This may never happen and investors may lose all of their investment in our company. 

Because
our securities are subject to penny stock rules, you may have difficulty reselling your shares. 

Our
shares as penny stocks, are covered by Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell our company s securities including the delivery
of a standardized disclosure document; disclosure and confirmation of quotation prices; disclosure of compensation the broker/dealer
receives; and furnishing monthly account statements. These rules apply to companies whose shares are not traded on a national stock exchange,
trade at less than 5.00 per share, or who do not meet certain other financial requirements specified by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ). These rules require brokers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors to complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors, and provide
investors with certain information concerning the risks of trading in such penny stocks. These rules may discourage or restrict the ability
of brokers to sell our shares of common stock and may affect the secondary market for our shares of common stock. These rules could also
hamper our ability to raise funds in the primary market for our shares of common stock. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has
adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common shares, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect
on the market for our shares. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
offices 

Our
employees work either from our principal office or from offices maintained in their homes. Our corporate office address is 2 East Congress
St. Ste. 900, Tucson, AZ 85701. 

We
currently rent a storage space for 105 per month in Tombstone, AZ on a month-to-month basis. 

We
believe that our existing office facilities are adequate for our needs. Should we require additional space in the future, we believe
that such space can be secured on commercially reasonable terms. 

Our
mineral claims 

All
of the Company s claims for mineral properties are in good standing as of January 31, 2023. 

10 

Tombstone: 

Tombstone
is a large and ancient (72 million years before the present or Laramide in age) volcanic structure a caldera. The US
Geological Survey caldera experts, conclude this is correct. Subsequently, more than seventeen calderas of various ages have been identified
in Arizona by the US Geological survey, the Arizona Geological Survey and others. Such calderas of Laramide age are all associated with
porphyry alteration and copper and associated mineralization; many of these have become very large copper mines. Advanced technology
has indicated that alteration associated mineralization at Tombstone is much more extensive than originally thought. This alteration
lies largely under cover and is indicated by geochemistry, geophysics and projection of known geology into covered areas. 

The
Hay Mountain Project s located 6.5 miles southeast of Tombstone where we hold 35 Arizona State Mineral Exploration Permits (MEPs) covering
(12,878.18 acres) or 20.12 square miles, and 93 federal lode mining claims covering (1,594.68 acres) or 2.49 square miles and is accessible
by Hwy 80, Davis Rd. and Wild West Road. 

LIBERTY
STAR 

 TOMBSTONE-AZ 

 Federal
Unpatented Claims 

 Claim
Names 

 HM
87-143 

 TS
168-176 

 Marco1A-Marco5E 

 Davis1A-DavisC 

 Claim
Acreage 

 57
HM Claims- 1095.18 acres 

 21
Marco Claims- 320 acres 

 6
Davis Claims- 80 acres 

 9
TS Claims- 99.5 acres 

State
Exploration Permits 

MEP
 # 
 
 Acres 
 
 Renewal
 Rental Due Date 
 
 08-122642 
 
 738.4 
 
 11/24/2023 
 
 08-122641 
 
 375.64 
 
 11/24/2023 
 
 08-122640 
 
 732.84 
 
 11/24/2023 
 
 08-123953 
 
 480 
 
 1/18/2024 
 
 08-123952 
 
 520 
 
 1/18/2024 
 
 08-119752 
 
 40 
 
 7/11/2023 
 
 08-120017 
 
 160 
 
 6/15/2023 
 
 08-120018 
 
 80 
 
 6/15/2023 
 
 08-120172 
 
 440 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120173 
 
 640 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120174 
 
 440 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120175 
 
 480 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120176 
 
 480 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120177 
 
 582.83 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120178 
 
 240 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-120179 
 
 370.24 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 08-121131 
 
 520 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121132 
 
 368.76 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121133 
 
 139.9 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121134 
 
 280 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121135 
 
 639.56 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121136 
 
 600 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121137 
 
 440 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121138 
 
 358.85 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121139 
 
 571.25 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121140 
 
 439.5 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121141 
 
 280 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121142 
 
 640 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121143 
 
 640 
 
 11/18/2023 
 
 08-121654 
 
 80 
 
 9/22/2023 
 
 08-123795 
 
 80.41 
 
 11/15/2023 
 
 08-121768 
 
 449.44 
 
 11/21/2022 
 
 08-121769 
 
 640 
 
 11/21/2022 
 
 08-121770 
 
 626.32 
 
 11/21/2022 
 
 08-121771 
 
 640 
 
 11/21/2022 

11 

31State
MEP s totaling 

 12,878.18
acres 

At
Hay Mountain, we plan to ascertain whether the Hay Mountain lode mining claims and AZ MEPs possess commercially viable deposits of copper,
gold, molybdenum, silver, zinc, rare earth metals and other valuable metals. We have a phased exploration plan that involves diamond
core drilling of multiple holes over targets determined by analysis of geochemical sampling and ZTEM electromagnetic and magnetic survey.
Initial phase 1 drilling is planned to take approximately one year. Should results indicate the viability of the project, additional
phased work, both exploration and development, is planned over the course of seven total years to define the nature and size of an ore
body(s) and move toward mining. Any exploration plans are dependent on acquiring suitable funding. No part of the phased program is currently
funded. 

12 

The
Tombstone claims are undeveloped. However significant amounts of aeromagnetic surveys, IP (Induced Polarization Surveys), geologic mapping
by the USGS and others, and geochemical surveys including soil, rock and vegetation sampling have been conducted at various times by
various parties, over the last 60 years. When compiled and analyzed these various data suggest a compelling series of anomalies that
are typical of buried, dirt and rock covered porphyry copper system(s). Below is a summary of prior exploration activities performed
on our Tombstone claims: Technical Report : In mid-March 2011, Liberty Star contracted SRK to prepare three (3) Technical studies
and Reports in a form similar to mineral reports prescribed under NI 43-101. Members of SRK s engineering/scientific staff supervised
by a Qualified Person as defined under NI 43-101 and SRK s Tucson Office Principal Geologist, Corolla Hoag, and geologist Dr. Jan
Rasmussen have visited the Tombstone property. This information was combined with historic technical reports going back to 1878 and more
recent data up to August 2011 (the date of their reports). The three Technical Reports are entitled: (1) Walnut Creek Exploration Report,
Tombstone District, Arizona August 31, 2011, 147 pages; (2) The Tombstone Caldera South Exploration Report, Tombstone District,
Arizona August 31, 2011, 144 pages; and (3) Hay Mountain Exploration Report, Tombstone District, Arizona August 31 2011,
155 pages. These reports covered the entirety of historic productive area of the Tombstone mines which date to their discovery in 1877.
However, before that report could be completed a competitor acquired a lease on those lands. These Technical Reports thoroughly summarize
and illustrate the salient geotechnical data of the Tombstone Mining District covering about 250 square miles and present much data in
computer map format. In such context, they analyze Liberty Star s exploration programs as related to the entire area, make estimates
and recommend execution of proposed Company exploration programs. 

Geochemical
sampling at the Hay Mountain Project : In 2011 and early 2012 we collected nearly 1,800 rock, soil and vegetation samples over 621
sample sites over approximately 14 square miles centered on the Hay Mountain property. These samples have been assayed for multiple elements
generating many volumes of analyses. The samples were prepared by MEG Inc. and have been shipped to ALS Global (f/k/a ALS-Chemex), geochemical
analysis lab in Vancouver, British Columbia. Assay results were sent to our Tucson office and all assays were received. Our geology team
has generated computer analyses that allow interpretation of the data. Liberty Star continues to collect XRF readings and biogeochemical
samples to further define the anomalies at Hay Mountain. 

On
June 15, 2020 we received 2 Mineral Exploration Permits (MEPs) issued by the Arizona State Land Department (ASLD) covering the 240-acre
Robbers Roost exploration area approximately 4.5 miles southwest of Tombstone, Arizona with access via paved road (Charleston Road).
The new MEPs are 5.89 miles west of Liberty Star s Hay Mountain Project for porphyry copper, gold, and molybdenum. While the Robbers
Roost MEP area is new to the Company, it has been explored previously by several exploration companies, in the 1970 s and 1990 s,
and recently has received significant interest by others operating in the area. Drilling by ASARCO indicates the presence of a
granodioritic porphyry intrusive at depth below the alteration zone. The intrusive is characterized by porphyry copper style alteration
and mineralization. [JB Nelson, Robbers Roost Summary Report, 1995, p. 2 http://docs.azgs.az.gov/SpecColl/2008-01/2008-01-0103.pdf 

On
June 24, 2020 we completed staking an additional 400 acres of Federal Lode Claims at Hay Mountain. This addition to Liberty Star s
mineral claims effectively closes all potential competitors opportunity to take a State or Federal mineral interest inside the
Company s contiguous State and Federal mineral estate. 

On
November 11, 2020 we announced the identification of potentially exploitable gold mineralization in its recently acquired State of Arizona
Mineral Exploration Permits (MEPs) land located in the area locally recognized as Red Rock Canyon, contiguous with and immediately north
of drill Target 1, within the Company s principal porphyry copper, gold, moly exploration target at the Hay Mountain Project
 (the Project previously disclosed. The relevant MEPs are in Township 20, Range 23 East, specifically eight sections
27 through 34 and two additional MEPs, in sections 20 and 21. Preliminary surface exploration on the Red Rock MEPs advances the Company s
knowledge of the porphyry system signature associated with magnetic highs at, and adjacent to the north of, Target 1, and represent the
expansion of biogeochemical, surface rock sampling, and x-ray fluorescence (XRF) work continuing at Target 1 and on the anticipated gold
halo likely associated with the indicated porphyry center. 

13 

On
November 21, 2020 we acquired 5 new Mineral Exploration Permits for a total of 2,995.47 acres. Liberty Star s CEO Brett Gross notes
the new applications complement last year s land acquisition announced October 21, 2019 Update 910 ); In 2019 we
moved to secure surface access to support future development and operations. With the addition of these lands, the Company secures three
additional access routes from public roadways. While over the past twenty-two months we have enjoyed increasingly good, collaborative
and cooperative relations with the private property owners contiguous to the Hay Mountain Project with no interruptions to project access,
securing multiple alternative routes places us in an even more secure and well-defined position for the future. 

On
October 21, 2019 we acquired 13 new Mineral Exploration Permits (MEP s) for a total of 5,917.82 acres, or 9.25 sq miles bringing
our total MEPs at Hay Mountain to 28 and 12,557.77 acres or 19.62 sq miles. This new acquisition represents a nearly 89 increase in
Liberty Star lands under permit for mineral exploration activities. These acquisitions not only substantially expand Liberty Star s
continued exploration potential, but also provide resistance to existing competitive pressures that permits us to be more forthcoming
with our technical data sharing with potential venture partners. Liberty Star geochemical and geophysical surface studies indicate anomalies
consistent with a large, buried porphyry copper body at the primary target, and potentially extensive associated porphyry cluster, with
attendant metals including gold, moly, nickel, silver, zinc, lead, and cobalt. See news release: https://www.libertystaruranium.com/2019/10/21/liberty-star-adds-over-9-square-miles-to-the-hay-mountain-project/. 

In
2019 Liberty Star contracted Pim van Geffen, PhD, PGeo of Vancouver Geochemistry to provide services in the form of validation and interpretation
of our biogeochemical data from the Hay Mountain Project, Tombstone District, Arizona. In particular, the quality of the biogeochemical
data was assessed regarding its capacity to support the recognition of buried porphyry-copper and related mineralization in the Project
area and inform exploration decisions. A written report on the data assessment, including statements on data quality and utility, interpreted
maps, and recommendations for the use of the data and data products in furthering exploration efforts on the Hay Mountain Project have
been received. Mr. van Geffen s summary and recommendations are as follows. 

The
Hay Mountain biogeochemical data, when corrected for known sources of variance such as plant species and laboratory, provide a valuable
layer of information to guide exploration efforts for buried and blind porphyry Cu-Mo systems in the project area. Multi-element, aqua-regia
ICP-MS data were provided for 750 vegetation samples form the Hay Mountain project area, of mostly creosote, mesquite, and whitethorn
acacia twigs and leaves, and a single specimen of sagebrush. Each element was assessed for its data quality and whether known sources
of variance caused notable differences in their distribution. These sources of data bias were levelled out using Z-score normalization.
The three main sources of induced, non-geochemical variance included plant species, laboratory, and batch number. Whereas the three main
plant species and two laboratories have adequate spatial and compositional coverage of each sub-group to apply levelling corrections,
atypical values in batch number RE11168965 were excluded from output maps for affected elements. In addition to levelling between labs
and species, the Cu response is further enhanced by correcting for root uptake of Mg, an essential nutrient, resulting in better spatial
definition of anomalies and structural trends in the regression residuals of Cu against Mg. Some structural trends can be inferred from
a combination of the Mo distribution with the orientation of lineaments in Google Earth imagery, which warrant more detailed follow-up
in combination with geological and geophysical data. Combinations of variables can be used for target identification and search-space
reduction through RGB colour-composite grid maps, e.g. Cu-Mo-K. Additional RGB maps of other combinations can be provided upon request.
A species-classification diagram was constructed based on multivariate discriminant analysis, which highlighted 5 potentially mislabeled
entries that required verification, 2 of which were confirmed to be mislabeled. It is strongly recommended to use all outputs of this
work in combination with all other geospatial data available, including geophysics, surface geology, structural trends, terrain, and
field observations, for search-space definition and targeting purposes. 

Geologic
Mapping: Small scale geologic mapping was performed in the Hay Mountain area by two different U.S. Geological Survey Senior Geologists.
The first was by James Gilluly starting in the late 1930s and published in the early 1950 s, as a Professional Paper 281, 1956,
and the second by Harold Drewes, published USGS Professional Paper 1144 1981. The Drewes map was a simplified version of the Gilluly
map with faults adjusted to Drewes s interpretation. Unfortunately, little or no refinement of the rock types or actual outcropping
rocks was accomplished. Gilluly, while apparently generally correct in outcrop identification, disturbingly on close examination it appears
he missed important outcropping rocks and at least in the Hay Mountain area of the major geochemical anomaly he misinterpreted stratigraphic
rock types. In the area we have termed the Chrysocolla Block he failed to note the outcrop completely and our thorough examination revealed
it to be Earp formation, whereas all the surrounding mapped area was mapped as the younger Colina limestone. This would put the Chrysocolla
Block more than 1,000 feet above the Earp and 1,700 feet or more above the receptive-to- mineralization Horquilla formation where most
of the production from Bisbee has been found and high grade which is now being drilled out at Rosemont Camp about 50 miles to the west.
This critical error we have corrected on our maps to show this area as the lower Earp and believe that the recently discovered gossan
outcrops are lying perhaps 200 to 400 feet above the Earp- Horquilla contact. Furthermore, neither Gilluly nor Drewes noticed pervasively
fluidized and rounded limestone breccia which covers square miles and is typical feature of porphyry copper deposits. We believe perhaps
massive copper (chalcopyrite) mineralization will be located in the Horquilla formation 200 to 400 feet below the gossan outcrops in
the Earp formation. This analysis plus all of our geochemistry and geophysics is the justification for our currently planned drill hole
program. 

On
August 16, 2020 we received our July 2020 Field Mapping Report prepared by Geologist Daniel Koning. The new field mapping report was
commissioned by Liberty Star to identify alteration and veining associated with an inferred porphyry copper system at depth, determine
the extent of hydrothermal alteration, and comment on the possible timing of mineralization. Geologist Koning conducted the mapping
from July 14 th to August 5 th , accompanied by Liberty Star Field Ops Manager Jay Crawford and for 3 days, CEO/President
Brett Gross. The 50-page report contains over 50 new maps and sample images. In his Hay Mountain Project July 2020 Field Mapping Report,
Koning concludes Type 1 and type 2 veins are interpreted as fluid escape structures representing the distal and possibly
upper expression of a porphyry system at depth. The overall extent of type 1 and type 2 veining across the property could indicate significant
skarn and CRD development at depth. [page 48] He further finds that his work correlates with the Cu, Mo, and Au biogeochemical
anomalies identified by Dr. Pim van Geffen, and the magnetic and ZTEM anomalies identified by Alan King s 3D model. Because of
this, the center of the inferred porphyry system at Hay Mountain is interpreted to be southwest of the Zebra Hills under post-mineral
cover. [page 48] 

14 

ZTEM
EM Survey : We requested and received a cost estimate from Geotech of Aurora (Toronto area) Ontario, Canada, which is the only
purveyor of this helicopter borne electromagnetic (EM) geophysical method. This geophysical method has the ability to look down 
into the crust of the earth about 2,000 meters (6,600 feet) and detect sulfides and other rock types and structures which may be associated
with porphyry copper systems. Test work over known Safford, Arizona porphyry copper deposits along with thousands of verifying drill
holes show the geometry of such mineral systems can be determined, thus identifying whether it is a porphyry copper system or some other
mineral system. When combined with our geochemical data, we can determine the position of the copper-moly center of the system and design
our drill program to efficiently test and define mineralization. We flew ZTEM in July 2013 and the analysis report was received in February
2014. In 2019, a re-interpretation of the ZTEM and the magnetic data with focus on porphyry targets was performed on the basis of more
rigorous 3D inversion tools. Based on the 3D ZTEM and the 3D MVI inversion results, Geotech has recommended the following: Integrate
the newly obtained results with all available geological, geochemical and drilling info (if available) to better define and prioritize
exploration targets; Follow-up with deep-penetrating ground IP and ground TDEM detailed surveys on the 1 st priority potential
porphyry target Zd1and then the 2 nd priority targets Zs1and Zs2 for better definition of their depth and shape; Follow-up
with detailed ground MT survey the Zd1target for its investigation at depth; Drill testing of the Zd1target with deep holes should be
performed after ground verification with ground geophysics. See news release: https://www.libertystaruranium.com/2019/09/30/liberty-star-hires-geotech-ltd-to-update-hay-mountain-project-ztem-data/ 

Also,
in 2019 Liberty Star contracted Alan King, P.Geo., M.Sc.at Geoscience North to prepare a geophysical review of all the geochemical and
geophysical data. Their conclusions and recommendations are- The full 3D Geoscience Analyst (GA) integrated model, which was provided
as part of the review, should be used for targeting as there is much more detail and dynamic viewing available in the live 3D model than
in the 2D screen captures of the model shown in the report. The new 3D models based on the ZTEM data should be reviewed with respect
to the previous ground IP/Res, CSAMT etc. data, which were mentioned in the SRK report. The core anomalous area has complex Magnetic
and EM signatures in an area of structural complexity, with associated well defined geochem anomalies. Drill testing is recommended to
test this area. Physical properties such as mag susceptibility, electrical conductivity, density and IP effect would be helpful for further
interpretation. These could be acquired on existing rock samples from the area or on core samples from any new drilling or with in-situ
borehole geophysical surveys in any new Drill holes. Targeting: the main target remains the core geochem anomaly area and drill testing
of this target is recommended. The combined EM and magnetic models show a thicker tabular conductive feature together with an area of
high magnetic/structural complexity in the core of a large magnetic depletion zone, coincident with the core of the geochem anomalies.
See news release: https://www.libertystaruranium.com/2021/01/31/liberty-star-minerals-lbsrtechnical-data-studies-available/ 

Sampling
Protocols for all projects 

Liberty
Star trains all employees/contractors conducting sample collection by use of a handheld digital mobile device (X-ray Fluorescence Analyzer)
to record accurate analysis of 31 elements including gold, silver copper, molybdenum, uranium, thorium, manganese, and other elements
from each in situ sample. The XRF device leads the sampler through a series of dropdown menu windows with various description capabilities
and the ability to record a GPS coordinate of the location. Data from the XRF is uploaded to our computer database daily. The X-ray (XRF)
is now a recognized and a valuable portable assay tool. 

Liberty
Star also uses professionally created video training to teach samplers the proper techniques of obtaining a representative sample whether
it is soil, rock or vegetation and instruction on avoiding cross contamination between samples. After samples are collected, they are
stored in a secure location under lock and key until they are shipped via FedEx or UPS using chain of custody guidelines to a professional
sample prep lab in Washoe Valley, Nevada run by Shea Clark Smith, MSc/ Geochemist. Mr. Smith prepares the samples by crushing, mixing,
pulverizing and homogenizing. Then a 200-gram sample is scientifically split for shipment to a Certified Assay Laboratory of each original
sample. Standards, blanks and duplicates are added to the sample stream, including such Quality Assurance Quality Control (QA/QC) every
10 th assay sample is re-assayed and a blind standard is inserted every tenth sample interval, before being sent to a certified
assay lab using ICP-MS analysis the samples are randomized. Once Liberty Star gets the analysis data back from the laboratory, checks
for quality assurance and control are made using data from the blanks, standards and duplicates. The results are sent to Liberty Star
by email and a paper copy mailed for verification and as a permanent record. The data are then de- randomized and processed for interpretation
by various software programs designed for the purpose. 

15 

SK
1300 Regulation 

Liberty
Star has performed many hours of field work mapping and sampling on our Red Rock Canyon Gold Project and although we do not have drilling
core to prove results, we have through analysis of Geochem sampling, evidence of an anomaly material of economic interest .
Please see exhibit with our RRC Technical report prepared by a qualified person for more details and analysis. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Under
Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and under Item 104 of Regulation S-K, promulgated under
the Exchange Act, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include disclosures regarding certain mine safety results in its
periodic reports filed with the SEC. The operation of our mine(s) that may be developed in the future would be subject to regulation
by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977. We do not own any mines
in (or outside of) the United States and as a result, this information is not required. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB of the OTC Markets under the symbol, LBSR. The OTC Market is a network of
security dealers who buy and sell stock. The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information on current bids 
and asks , as well as volume information. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTCQB is often thin and is characterized by wide
fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated or have little to do with a company s operations or business
prospects. 

The
following table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for each of the periods indicated as
reported by the OTC Markets. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 
 High 

Low 

January 31, 2023 

0.160 

0.086 

October 31, 2022 

0.230 

0.110 

July 31, 2022 

0.415 

0.220 

April 30, 2022 

0.490 

0.330 

January 31, 2022 

0.390 

0.353 

October 31, 2021 

0.590 

0.555 

July 31, 2021 

1.010 

0.910 

April 30, 2021 

1.040 

0.710 

January 31, 2021 

1.600 

1.450 

Our
transfer agent, The Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, of Suite 880 Bank of America, 50 West Liberty Street, Reno, Nevada 89501 (telephone:
775.322.0626; facsimile 775.322.5632) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common stock. 

16 

As
of April 18, 2023, we had 19,806,575 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, with 144 record stockholders. The number of record
holders does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks, brokers, nominees or other fiduciaries.
The closing sale price for our common stock on April 17, 2023, as reported on the OTCQB was 0.0685. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Common
Stock Issued During the Year Ended January 31, 2023 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company issued a total of 2,424,896 shares of our common stock for conversions of 374,640 of convertible
notes payable and accrued interest at exercise prices ranging from 0.0108 to 0.3207. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company sold 13,298 units at a price of 0.376 per unit to an accredited investor for proceeds of 5,000. Each unit
consists of 1 share of our common stock and 0.50 warrants. 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company entered into a stock compensation and subscription agreement with Dutchess Group LLC. Per the agreement, Dutchess
Group will provide services to the Company and will be issued 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. During the nine months
ended October 31, 2022, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock valued at 160,000. 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company issued 1,109,804 shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of 187,030, or 0.1685 per share. 

On
August 12, 2022, the Company settled a 5,000 advance from a related party for the issuance of 26,738 units at a price of 0.187 per
unit. Each unit consists of 1 share of our common stock and 0.50 warrants. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our
common stock at a price of 0.262 per share at any time on or before August 12, 2025. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company settled a 6,500 advance from a related party for the issuance of 23,812 units at a price of 0.103
per unit. Each unit consists of 1 share of our common stock and 0.50 warrants. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of
our common stock at a price of 0.144 per share at any time on or before November 30, 2025. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company issued 80,564 units at a price of 0.126 per unit and received cash proceeds of 3,000 cash and settled
an 7,150 advance from a related party. Each unit consists of 1 share of our common stock and 0.50 warrants. Each warrant allows the
holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 0.176 per share at any time on or before January 30, 2026. 

On
January 31, 2023, the Company issued 320,000 shares of its common stock under the Purchase Agreement and recorded a subscription receivable
of 16,368, or 0.0512 per share. The subscription receivable was collected in full on February 22, 2023. 

17 

Common
Stock Issued During the Year Ended January 31, 2022 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of 535,568 shares of our common stock for conversions of 217,540 of convertible
notes payable and accrued interest at exercise prices ranging from 0.202 to 0.797. 

On
March 5, 2021, the Company issued 6,000 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for the exercise of warrants for proceeds
of 2,100, or 0.35 per common share. 

On
March 26, 2021, the Company issued 17,006 shares of its common stock and 8,503 warrants to our CEO for gross proceeds of 20,000, for
 1.176 per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of 1.646. 

In
March 2021, the Company issued 49,412 shares of its common stock and 24,706 warrants to our CEO for gross proceeds of 55,000 for 1.113
per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of 1.558. 

On
April 2, 2021, the Company issued 9,818 shares of its common stock and 4,909 warrants to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of
 10,000, or 1.019 per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of 1.426. 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company received proceeds of 20,000 from an investor for the purchase of 19,268 shares of its common stock and 9,634
warrants, at a price of 1.038 per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of
 1.453. 

In
October 2021, the Company issued 60,887 shares of its common stock and 30,444 warrants to a director for gross proceeds of 35,000, for
 0.575 per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of 0.805. 

In
October 2021, the Company issued 25,986 shares of its common stock and 12,993 warrants to a director for gross proceeds of 15,000, for
 0.577 per unit. The warrants have a three-year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of 0.808. 

Effective
January 5, 2022, the Company entered into Debt Conversion Agreements with Brett Gross, President CEO, and Peter O Heeron,
Chairman of the Board, pursuant to which each of them agreed to convert their outstanding shareholder advances and loans to the Company
into Company securities consisting of shares of common stock and warrants. Mr. Gross converted shareholder advances and loans to the
Company totaling 375,357 and Mr. O Heeron converted shareholder advances and loans totaling 250,830. Upon conversion, the Company
debts represented by such shareholder advances and loans were deemed to be satisfied and paid in full. 

The
debt conversions described above were completed pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of the Company s current private
placement offering. Accordingly, the Company issued units consisting of one share of common stock and warrant to complete the
conversion. The shares were issued at a price of 0.269 per share, which is the Volume Weighted Average Price VWAP for
the 4 days immediately preceding the effective date of the conversion. The warrants are exercisable for up to three years at a price
of 0.377 per share, which is 140 higher than the price at which the shares were issued. A total of 1,395,379 shares and 697,690 warrants
were issued to Mr. Gross and a total of 932,454 shares and 466,227 warrants were issued to Mr. O Heeron. The shares and warrants
issued to Mr. Gross and Mr. O Heeron are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144. 

In
issuing the securities set forth above, we relied on the registration exemption provided for in Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

18 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to increase
our working capital and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes that appear
elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates
and beliefs. We refer you to the section of this annual report on Form 10-K entitled, Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, particularly in
the section entitled Risk Factors. 

Overview 

We
are an exploration company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties in the States of Arizona. Claims in the State
of Arizona are located in the Tombstone Mining District, any one or more of which could potentially contain commercially viable quantities
of minerals. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of 32,616 and negative working capital of 570,556 as of January 31, 2023. We had cash inflows
from financing activities of 465,477 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. We will need additional funds in order to proceed with
our planned exploration program. 

Convertible
promissory notes 

We
have issued the following convertible promissory notes in private placements of our securities to institutional investors pursuant to
exemptions from registration set out in Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933. 

On
October 8, 2021, we issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 69,300 (the October 2021 Note ).
The note bears interest at 8 , includes legal and due diligence fees of 3,000, with a 10 Original Issue Discount, matures on October
8, 2022, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 75 of the average of the lowest
5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended
January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 69,300 of the note for 242,690 shares of the Company s common stock, leaving
a balance of 0 as of January 31, 2023. 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth Street Lending LLC. Sixth Street in the aggregate principal amount of 60,500 (the November 2021 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original
Issue Discount of 8,500, matures on November 15, 2022, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of 75 of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading
days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 60,500 of the note for 261,437
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of 0 as of January 31, 2023. 

19 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth Street in the aggregate principal amount of 55,000
(the December 2021 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original Issue Discount of 8,000, matures on December
21, 2022, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 75 of the average of the lowest
5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended
January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 63,000 of the note for 317,530 shares of the Company s common stock, leaving
a balance of 0 as of January 31, 2023. 

On
February 7, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending (formerly known as Sixth Street Lending
LLC) in the aggregate principal amount of 74,800 (the February 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original
Issue Discount of 9,800, matures on February 7, 2023, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of 75 of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading
days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 74,800 of the note for 639,517
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of 0 as of January 31, 2023. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending (formerly known as Sixth Street Lending
LLC) in the aggregate principal amount of 71,500 (the April 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original
Issue Discount of 9,500, matures on April 25,2023, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of 75 of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading
days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 71,500 of the note for 758,524
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of 0 as of January 31, 2023. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of 45,138 (the July 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original Issue Discount of 10,138, matures on
July 14, 2023, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 75 of the average of
the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to conversion. During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 15,000 of the note for 205,198 shares of the Company s common
stock, leaving a balance of 30,138 as of January 31, 2023. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of 45,138 (the October 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original Issue Discount of 10,138, matures
on October 3, 2023, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 75 of the average
of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to conversion. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of 51,108 (the November 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at 8 , with an Original Issue Discount of 11,219, matures
on November 23, 2023, and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 75 of the average
of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 10 trading days prior to conversion. 

Notes
Payable SBA 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of 32,300 (net of 100 loan fee) under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan
program EIDL ). The EIDL loan, dated June 16, 2020, bears interest at 3.75 , has a 30-year term, , and is due in monthly
installments of 158 beginning 12.5.2022. 

On
May 5, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of 30,387.00under the Payroll Protection Program PPP ). The PPP loan bears
interest at 1 , has a 5-year term, and is due in equal monthly installments This loan was forgiven in full in November 2020. In November
2020, the Company s SBA PPP loan was forgiven in full resulting in a gain on forgiveness of debt of 30,387.00, of principal plus
interest. 

On
February 16, 2021, the company received a second loan under the Payroll Protection Program PPP with proceeds of 32,497.
The PPP loan had interest of 1 and was fully forgiven in March 2022 resulting in a gain on forgiveness of debt of 32,497 of principal
and 354 of interest. 

20 

The
balance of the EIDL note totals 32,400, including accrued interest of 2,883, and is included in long-term debt as of January 31, 2023. 

Notes
Payable 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into a Premium Finance Agreement related to an insurance policy. The policy premiums total 33,400 for
a one year policy period. The Company financed 24,750 of the policy over a nine month period. The monthly payments under the agreement
are due in nine installments of 2,871, at an annual interest rate of 10.45 . As of January 31, 2023, the notes payable, net balance
was 2,754, which was recorded as current portion, with accrued interest of 0. 

Proceeds
from issuance of common stock 

During
the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, we entered into certain private investment agreements pursuant to which we received
a total of 195,030 and 287,374 in net proceeds, respectively. 

Results
of Operations for the Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2022 

We
had a net income of 565,595 for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to net loss of 438,681 for the fiscal year ended January
31, 2022. Net income increased by 1,004,276 due primarily to the gain on settlement of debt related to the settlement with the Company s
former CEO, James Briscoe. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to stockholders. 

Presentation
of Financial Information 

Our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 reflect financial information for the fiscal years ended
January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Since we have not
generated any revenue, that there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern in connection with our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. Our accumulated deficit on January 31, 2023,
was approximately 58 million and the net loss from operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was 836,071. All of our
exploration costs are expensed as incurred. 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis, which assumes that adequate sources of financing will
be obtained as required and that our assets will be realized, and liabilities settled in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly,
these consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets and classification of
assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In
order to continue as a going concern, we require additional financing. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available
to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to continue as a going
concern, we would likely be unable to realize the carrying value of our assets reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of
the consolidated financial statements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The critical accounting policies adopted
by our company are as follows: 

21 

Going
Concern 

Since
we have not generated any revenue, we have negative cash flows from operations, and negative working capital we have included a reference
to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in connection with our consolidated financial statements for
the period ended January 31, 2023. Our total stockholders deficit at January 31, 2023 was 579,286. 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis, which assumes that adequate sources of financing will
be obtained as required and that our assets will be realized, and liabilities settled in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly,
these consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets and classification of
assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Mineral
claims 

We
account for costs incurred to acquire, maintain and explore mineral properties as charged to expense in the period incurred until the
time that a proven mineral resource is established at which point development of the mineral property would be capitalized. Currently,
we do not have any proven mineral resources on any of our mineral properties. 

Convertible
promissory notes 

We
reviewed the convertible promissory notes and the related subscription agreements to determine the appropriate reporting within the financial
statements. We report convertible promissory notes as liabilities at their carrying value less unamortized discounts in accordance with
the applicable accounting guidance. We bifurcate conversion options and detachable common stock purchase warrants and report them as
liabilities at fair value at each reporting period when required in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. No gain or loss
is reported when the notes are converted into shares of our common stock in accordance with the note s terms. 

Common
stock purchase warrants 

We
report common stock purchase warrants as equity unless a condition exists which requires reporting as a derivative liability at fair
market value. The valuation of the derivative liability of the warrants is determined through the use of a Monte Carlo options model
that values the liability of the warrants based on a risk-neutral valuation where the price of the option is its discounted expected
value. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

22 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

LIBERTY
STAR URANIUM METALS CORP. 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PCAOB
ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F- 7 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F- 8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. as of January 31, 2023 and 2022,
and the related statements of operations, changes stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes [ and schedules ] (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Liberty Star Uranium 
Metals Corp. as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for
the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. 

Turner,
 Stone Company, L.L.P. 
 Accountants
 and Consultants 
 12700
 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 
 Dallas,
 Texas 75251 
 Telephone:
 972-239-1660 Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 Toll
 Free: 877-853-4195 
 Web
 site: turnerstone.com 

F- 2 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
disclosed in Notes 6 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had various debt instruments which included conversion
features requiring bifurcation and separate accounting. Management evaluated the required accounting, significant estimates, and judgements
around the valuation for these embedded derivatives. These embedded derivatives were measured at fair value. 

There
is no current observable market for these types of features and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives
using an option pricing model to measure the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives. As a result, a high degree of auditor judgment
and effort was required in performing audit procedures to evaluate the conclusions reached by management as well as the inputs to the
Company s option pricing model. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

- We
 obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial
 measurement and valuation of the bifurcated derivatives. 

- We
 evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached, and the qualifications
 of the Company s specialist, to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance
 with the relevant accounting guidance. 

- We
 engaged an auditor s specialist to review the work prepared by the Company s
 specialist and assist in the performance of recalculations. 

- We
 evaluated the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives that included testing the valuation
 model and assumptions utilized by management and underlying data used in the model. 

/s/
 . 

We
have served as Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. s auditor since 2022. 

May
15, 2023 

F- 3 

Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

January 31, 
 January 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent assets: 

Property and equipment, net 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable to related parties 
 - 

Accrued wages to related parties 

Advances from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable to related party 

Convertible promissory note, net of unamortized debt discount of and 

Current portion of long-term debt SBA 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term: 

Long-term debt SBA, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Class A Common stock - par value; authorized; shares issued and
 outstanding 

Common stock - par value; authorized; and shares issued and
 outstanding, respectively 

Common
 stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years ended 

January 31 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expenses: 

Geological and geophysical costs 

Salaries and benefits 

Professional services 

General and administrative 

Net operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Gain on forgiveness of SBA loan 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed asset 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability 

Total other income, net 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock basic 

Net income (loss) per share of common stock diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For
the Years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Class A Common stock 
 Common stock 
 Common stock to be 
 Subscription 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Issued 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, January 31, 2021 

- 

Issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement and warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares pursuant to investment agreement 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for conversion of notes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclass of APIC to derivative liabilities for tainted warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Resolution of derivative liabilities due to debt conversions and untainted warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year ended January 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, January 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement and warrant exercises 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock and warrants in private placement and warrant exercises, related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares pursuant to investment agreement 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Shares issued for conversion of notes 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Shares issued to settle liabilities, related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Cashless exercise of options 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Options issued related to settlement agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Reclass of APIC to derivative liabilities for tainted warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Resolution of derivative liabilities due to debt conversions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income for the year ended January 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, January 31, 2023 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

Liberty
Star Uranium Metals Corp. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years Ended 

January 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Expenses paid by related parties 
 - 

Stock based compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discounts 

Gain on change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on forgiveness of SBA loan 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of fixed asset 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Cash flows used in operating activities: 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from advances related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of advances related party 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable, related party 

Payments on notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory notes 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock and warrants 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income tax paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash items: 

Resolution of derivative liabilities due to debt conversions and untainted warrants 

Reclass of APIC to derivative liabilities for tainted warrants 

Debt discounts due to derivative liabilities 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt and interest 

Expenses paid by related party on behalf of the Company 

Prepaid insurance financed with note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for settlement of liability 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

LIBERTY
STAR URANIUM METALS CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cash balances in bank deposit accounts that exceeded federally insured limits. 

with a useful life of more than one year. Depreciation
is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost
and are amortized over their estimated useful lives or the lease term, whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as
incurred while betterments or renewals are capitalized. Property and equipment are reviewed periodically for impairment. The estimated
useful lives range from to years. 

We
review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of a long-lived asset group to be held and used in operations is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount to the
sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group. If such asset group is
considered to be impaired, the impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds its
fair value. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less the costs of disposal. 

shares issuable from convertible debt that were considered for their dilutive effects. For
the years ended January 31, 2022, the following number of potentially dilutive shares have been excluded from diluted net income (loss)
since such inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

A reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in basic
and diluted earnings per share computation is as follows: 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Numerator: 

Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

Remove derivative loss 
 
 - 
 
 Remove convertible debt interest 
 
 - 
 
 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

interest in 93 standard federal lode mining claims located in the Tombstone region of Arizona. 

At
January 31, 2023, we held 31 Arizona State Land Department Mineral Exploration Permits covering acres in the Tombstone region
of Arizona. 

Title
to mineral claims involves certain inherent risks due to difficulties of determining the validity of certain claims as well as potential
for problems arising from the frequently ambiguous conveyance history characteristic of many mineral properties. 

All
of the Company s claims for mineral properties are in good standing as of January 31, 2023. 

to years) 

Vehicles and transportation equipment years) 

Office furniture and equipment to years) 

Property and equipment,
 gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company wrote off of property and equipment and sold of equipment. The Company
recognized a gain of on the sale of property. Depreciation expense was for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

, due 

8 convertible note payable issued , due 

8 convertible note payable issued , due 

8 convertible note payable issued , due 

8 convertible note payable issued , due 

8 convertible note payable issued , due 
 
 - 
 
 8 convertible note payable issued , due 

Convertible note payable 

Less debt discount 

Less current portion of convertible notes 

Long-term convertible notes payable 
 - 
 - 

On
October 28, 2020, we received net proceeds of from the issuance of a convertible note dated October 20, 2020 (the October
2020 Note ). The note bears interest at , includes OID of and legal and due diligence fees of , matures on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of the lowest
5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended
January 31, 2022, the noteholder converted a total of of the note for shares of the Company s common stock, leaving
a balance of as of January 31, 2022. 

On
April 26, 2021, we received net proceeds of from the issuance of a convertible note dated April 23, 2021 (the April 2021
Note ). The note bears interest at , includes legal and due diligence fees of , matures on , and is convertible
after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market
price of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the
noteholder converted a total of of the note for shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of as
of January 31, 2022. 

On
May 11, 2021, we issued a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of (the May 2021 Note ). The note bears
interest at , includes legal and due diligence fees of , matures on , and is convertible after days into shares
of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market price of the Company s
common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the noteholder converted a total
of of the note for shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of as of January 31, 2022. 

On
October 8, 2021, we issued a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of (the October 2021 Note ).
The note bears interest at , includes legal and due diligence fees of , with a Original Issue Discount, matures on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of the lowest
5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended
January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of of the note for shares of the Company s common stock, leaving
a balance of as of January 31, 2023. 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth Street Lending LLC. Sixth
Street in the aggregate principal amount of 
(the November 2021 Note ). The note bears interest at ,
with an Original Issue Discount of ,
matures on , and is convertible after 
days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 
of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the 
trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 
of the note for 
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of 
as of January 31, 2023. 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth Street in the aggregate principal amount of 
(the December 2021 Note ). The note bears interest at , with an Original Issue Discount of , matures on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of the lowest
5 weighted average market price of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended
January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of of the note for shares of the Company s common stock, leaving
a balance of as of January 31, 2023. 

On
February 7, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending (formerly known as Sixth Street Lending
LLC) in the aggregate principal amount of (the February 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at , with an Original
Issue Discount of , matures on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock
at a price of of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the trading
days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of of the note for 
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of as of January 31, 2023. 

On
April 25, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending (formerly known as Sixth Street
Lending LLC) in the aggregate principal amount of 
(the April 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at ,
with an Original Issue Discount of ,
matures on , and is convertible after 
days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of 
of the average of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the 
trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of 
of the note for 
shares of the Company s common stock, leaving a balance of 
as of January 31, 2023. 

On
July 14, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of (the July 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at , with an Original Issue Discount of , matures on
 , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average of
the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the noteholder converted a total of of the note for shares of the Company s common
stock, leaving a balance of as of January 31, 2023. 

On
October 3, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of (the October 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at , with an Original Issue Discount of , matures
on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average
of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC in the aggregate principal amount
of (the November 2022 Note ). The note bears interest at , with an Original Issue Discount of , matures
on , and is convertible after days into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of of the average
of the lowest 5 weighted average market prices of the Company s common stock during the trading days prior to conversion. 

Notes
Payable SBA 

On
June 22, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of (net of loan fee) under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan
program EIDL ). The EIDL loan, dated June 16, 2020, bears interest at , has a -year term, is secured by substantially
all assets of the Company, and is due in monthly installments of beginning June 16, 2021 (extended to June 18, 2023). 

On
February 16, 2021, the Company received loan proceeds of under the Payroll Protection Program PPP ). The PPP loan
bears interest at , has a -year term, and is due in equal monthly installments beginning December 16, 2021 (extended to June 16, 2022).
This loan was forgiven in full in March 2022. In March 2022, the Company s SBA PPP loan was forgiven in full resulting in a gain
on forgiveness of debt of of principal and of interest. 

The
note principal balance of totaled , with accrued interest of and is included in long-term debt as of January 31, 2023. 

Notes
Payable 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into a Premium Finance Agreement related to an insurance policy. The policy premiums total for
a . The Company financed of the policy over a nine month period. The monthly payments under the agreement
are due in nine installments of , at an annual interest rate of . As of January 31, 2023, the note balance was . 

Key
inputs and assumptions used to value the convertible note when it became convertible and upon settlement, and warrants upon tainting,
were as follows: 

The stock projections are
 based on the historical volatilities for each date. These volatilities were in the to range. The stock price projection
 was modeled such that it follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift and a constant volatility, starting with the market
 stock price at each valuation date; 

An event of default would
 not occur during the remaining term of the note; 

. 

The effective discount
 was determined based on the historical trading history of the Company based on the specific pricing mechanism in each note; 

The Company would not have
 funds available to redeem the notes during the remaining term of the convertible notes; 

Discount rates were based
 on risk free rates in effect based on the remaining term and date of each valuation and instrument. 

The Holder would exercise
 the warrant at maturity if the stock price was above the exercise price; 

. 

Using
the results from the model, the Company recorded a derivative liability during the year ended January 31, 2023 of for newly
granted and existing warrants (see Note 10) that were tainted and a derivative liability of for the fair value of the convertible
feature included in the Company s convertible debt instruments. The derivative liability recorded for the convertible feature created
a day 1 derivative loss of and a debt discount of that was amortized over the remaining term of the note using
the effective interest rate method. Interest expense related to the amortization of this debt discount for the year ended January 31,
2023, was . The remaining unamortized debt discount related to the derivative liability was as of January 31, 2023. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company recorded a reclassification from derivative liabilities to equity of for warrants
becoming untainted and due to the conversions of a portion of the Company s convertible notes. The Company also recorded
the change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities as a gain of to reflect the value of the derivative liabilities for
warrants and convertible notes as of January 31, 2023. 

Using
the results from the model, the Company recorded a derivative liability during the year ended January 31, 2022 of for newly
granted and existing warrants that were tainted and a derivative liability of for the fair value of the convertible feature included
in the Company s convertible debt instruments. The derivative liability recorded for the convertible feature created a day
1 derivative loss of and a debt discount of that was amortized over the remaining term of the note using the effective
interest rate method. Interest expense related to the amortization of this debt discount for the year ended January 31, 2022 was .
The remaining unamortized debt discount related to the derivative liability was as the notes were fully converted by January 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company recorded a reclassification from derivative liability to equity of for warrants
becoming untainted and due to the conversions of a portion of the Company s convertible notes. 

The
Company also recorded the change in the fair value of the derivative liability as a gain of and , respectively, to reflect
the value of the derivative liability for warrants and convertible notes as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company did
not have a derivative liability as of January 31, 2022 since none of the outstanding notes remained convertible at the end of the periods
and consequently the outstanding warrants were no longer tainted. 

Settlements 

Additions recognized as debt discount 

Additions due to tainted warrants 

Ending balance 
 
 - 

Change in unrealized gains included in earnings relating to derivatives 

On
October 27, 2022, the registrant amended its articles of incorporation. The articles of incorporation were amended for the purposes of
increasing the authorized shares of the registrant from shares to shares consisting of shares of 
par value Common Stock and shares of par value Class A Common Stock. 

Common
Stock Issued During the Year Ended January 31, 2023 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal
and of interest on convertible notes payable at exercise prices ranging from to . 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company sold 
units at a price of 
per unit to an accredited investor for proceeds of . The warrants have a relative fair value of .
Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 
per share at any time on or before May 16, 2025. 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company entered into a stock compensation and subscription agreement with Dutchess Group LLC. Per the agreement, Dutchess
Group will provide services to the Company and will be issued shares of the Company s common stock. During the nine months
ended October 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at . 

Common
Stock Issued During the Year Ended January 31, 2022 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of of convertible
notes payable and accrued interest at exercise prices ranging from to . 

On
March 5, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to an accredited investor for the exercise of warrants for proceeds
of , or per common share. 

On
March 26, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and warrants to our CEO for gross proceeds of , for
 per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of . 

In
March 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and warrants to our CEO for gross proceeds of for 
per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of . 

On
April 2, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and warrants to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of
 , or per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of . 

On
April 30, 2021, the Company received proceeds of from an investor for the purchase of shares of its common stock and 
warrants, at a price of per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of
 . 

In
October 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and warrants to a director for gross proceeds of , for
 per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of . 

In
October 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock and warrants to a director for gross proceeds of , for
 per unit. The warrants have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at an exercise price of . 

Purchase
Agreement with Triton Funds LP 

On
August 20, 2021, the Company executed a 
common stock purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a 
warrant agreement (the Warrant Agreement, together the Agreements with Triton Funds LP Triton of San Diego, California. Under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company has a put 
right pursuant to which it may require Triton to purchase a total of up to 
of its common stock. The Company may exercise its put at any time after the Registration Statement to be filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective and prior to December 31, 2022. Under the Common Stock Purchase Warrant, Triton has the
right for a period of to elect to purchase up to an additional 
of shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price per share based upon an assumed 
market capitalization of the Company s outstanding shares from time to time. 

The
Registration Statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2021. On September 14, 2021,
the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock under the Purchase Agreement at an aggregate price of received
in November 2021, or approximately per share (adjusted from original estimate of per share due to change in market price
at closing). 

On
July 7, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock under the Purchase Agreement and recorded a subscription receivable
of , or per share. The subscription receivable was collected in full on August 3, 2022. 

On
January 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of its common stock under the Purchase Agreement and recorded a subscription receivable
of , or per share. The subscription receivable was collected in full on February 22, 2023. 

shares
to be granted to key employees and non-employee consultants after specific objectives are met. The 2007 Stock Option Plan was approved
and adopted by the Board of Directors on December 10, 2007. The plan allows for up to shares to be granted to key employees and
non-employee consultants after specific objectives are met. The 2004 Stock Option Plan was approved and adopted by the Board of Directors
on December 27, 2004. The plan allows for up to shares to be granted to key employees and non-employee consultants after specific
objectives are met. Employees can receive incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options while non-employee consultants can
receive only non-qualified stock options. The options granted vest under various provisions using graded vesting, not to exceed four
years. Options remaining available for grant under the 2010. The following tables summarize the Company s stock
option activity during the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022: 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled and/or forfeited 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding, January 31, 2022 

- 

Granted 

Cancelled and/or forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding, January 31, 2023 

- 

Exercisable, January 31, 2023 

- 

The
aggregate intrinsic value is calculated based on the stock price of and per share as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During
the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, we recognized and of compensation expense related to incentive and non-qualified
stock options previously granted to officers, employees and consultants. 

At
January 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized share-based compensation for all share-based awards outstanding. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company reached terms of settlement of the litigation Case No. C20194139, involving our former CEO, James Briscoe
(see Note 13). As part of the terms of settlement, the Company will reinstate Mr. Briscoe s stock options that expired following
his resignation from the Board. This reinstatement will be on the same terms as originally issued, as evidenced in the August 10, 2010,
Stock Option Agreement and October 11, 2016, Stock Option Agreement, each as adjusted for the February 25, 2021, reverse stock split,
and pursuant to the Company s 2010 Stock Option Plan, except for the option exercise window, which will be expanded to 30 years.
A total of stock options were reinstated for Mr. Briscoe, which is comprised of options with an exercise price of 
and options with an exercise price of . The total fair value of these option grants at issuance was . 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with an advisor to advise its executive management on strategic partnerships, investments,
and other undertakings of material value to the Company. As compensation, the Company will grant the advisor monthly stock options of
 for a term of three months. The options have a strike price equal to the closing price per share on the day the options are issued
and expire in one year. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company granted options to consultants. The exercise price
of the options ranges from to . The total fair value of these option grants at issuance was . During the year ended
January 31, 2023, the Company recognized of expenses related to these options. At January 31, 2023, the Company had of
unrecognized expenses related to outstanding options. 

warrants outstanding and warrants exercisable. The warrants have a weighted average
remaining life of years and a weighted average exercise price of per warrant for one common share. Warrants outstanding at
January 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Issued 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Outstanding, January 31, 2022 

Issued 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding, January 31, 2023 

Exercisable, January 31, 2023 

The
weighted average intrinsic value for warrants outstanding was and as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company issued warrants to investors as part of their purchase of common stock. The warrants
have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at exercise prices of . 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to investors as part of their purchase of common stock. The warrants
have a three -year term and are exercisable at any time at exercise prices ranging from to . Additionally, on August 20,
2021, the Company issued five -year warrants to purchase up to of common stock under a Common Stock Purchase Warrant
with Triton Funds LP (see Note 8). 

Extension
of Expiration Date 

Effective
June 17, 2021, the Company extended all warrants issued by the Company which expired or will expire during the year 2021. These warrants
are extended for an additional three years. All other terms of the warrants remain unchanged, including application of the reverse split
effective on February 25, 2021. 

As
of May 18, 2022, 

Less Valuation Allowance 

Deferred
 Tax Assets, Net 
 - 
 - 

Management
has elected to provide a deferred tax asset valuation allowance equal to the potential benefit due to our history of losses. If we
demonstrate the ability to generate future taxable income, management will re-evaluate the allowance. The decrease of 
during the year ended January 31, 2023, primarily represents the increase in net operating loss
carry-forwards during the period offset against the valuation allowance. As of January 31, 2023, our estimated net operating loss
carry-forward is approximately 
million and expires , with no expiration date for our 2019 through 2023 net operating losses under the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act. 

Deferred
tax assets were calculated using the Company s effective tax rate, which it estimated to be . The effective rate is reduced
to for 2023 and 2022 due to the full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets. 

We
have identified our federal and Arizona state tax returns as major tax jurisdictions. The periods our income tax returns
are subject to examination for these jurisdictions are the tax years ended January 31, 2019 through January 31, 2022. We believe our
income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit, and we do not anticipate any adjustments that would result in
a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no liabilities for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. 

Such limitation of the net operating losses may have occurred but we have not analyzed it at this time as the deferred tax asset is fully
reserved. We have federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards that are available to offset future taxable income. 

and to
Patricia Madaris, VP Finance CFO, respectively. 

Note
payable 

On
January 31, 2023, the Company entered into a promissory note with Brett Gross for and received cash proceeds. The note bears
interest at and matures on . 

Advances 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, CEO, Brett Gross advanced the Company in cash and paid of expenses on the Company s
behalf and was repaid . Additionally, during the year ended January 31, 2023, board members advanced to the Company and
the Company repaid of advances and issued shares to settle the remaining of related party advances. The advances are unsecured,
non-interest bearing and payable on demand. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were and 0 outstanding advances from related
parties, respectively. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Chairman of the Board, Pete O Heeron advanced the Company 
and paid 
of expense on the Company behalf. The Company settled a 
advance and 
of expenses paid on the Company s behalf from a related party for the issuance of 
units at a price range of 
to 
per unit. Each unit consists of 
share of our common stock and 
warrants. The warrants have a fair value of and each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a
price range of 
to 
per share. The warrants expire three years from the date of issuance. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company issued units to the Chairman of the Board for in cash proceeds. Each unit consists of share
of our common stock and warrants. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 
per share. The warrants expire three years from the date of issuance. 

Other 

On September 26, 2022, the Company granted options to a board member. The options expire ten years following issuance and have
an exercise price of . The options vested monthly over a one-year service period and have a total fair value of . 

On
September 29, 2022, the Company granted options to employees. The options expire ten years following issuance and have an exercise
price of . The options vested upon issuance and have a total fair value of . On the same day, the Company issued note agreements
to the employees totaling and the employees exercised the options. The notes bear interest of per annum, are due
on September 30, 2027 and were recorded as a subscription receivable. As of January 31, 2023, the subscription receivable was ,
with interest of . 

Effective
January 5, 2022, the Company entered into Debt Conversion Agreements with Brett Gross, President CEO, and Peter O Heeron,
Chairman of the Board, pursuant to which each of them agreed to convert their outstanding shareholder advances and loans to the Company
into Company securities consisting of shares of common stock and warrants. Mr. Gross converted shareholder advances and loans to the
Company totaling and Mr. O Heeron converted shareholder advances and loans totaling . Upon conversion, the Company
debts represented by such shareholder advances and loans were deemed to be satisfied and paid in full. 

The
debt conversions described above were completed pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of the Company s current private
placement offering. Accordingly, the Company issued units consisting of one share of common stock and warrant to complete the
conversion. The shares were issued at a price of per share, which is the Volume Weighted Average Price VWAP for
the 4 days immediately preceding the effective date of the conversion. The warrants are exercisable for up to three years at a price
of per share, which is 140 higher than the price at which the shares were issued. A total of shares and warrants
were issued to Mr. Gross and a total of shares and warrants were issued to Mr. O Heeron. The shares and warrants
issued to Mr. Gross and Mr. O Heeron are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144. 

per month in Tombstone, Arizona on a month-to-month basis. 

We
are required to pay annual rentals for Liberty Star s federal lode mining claims for the Tombstone project in the State of Arizona.
The rental period begins at noon on September 1 st through the following September 1 st and rental payments are due
by the first day of the rental period. The annual rentals are 
 per claim. 
for the period from September 1, 2023 through September 1, 2024 of have not been paid yet, but we plan to pay when due. 

We
are required to pay annual rentals for our Arizona State Land Department Mineral Exploration Permits AZ MEP at our Tombstone
Hay Mountain project in the State of Arizona. The rental fee is per acre for the first year, which includes the second year, and
 per acre per year for years three through five. The minimum work expenditure requirements are per acre per year for years one
and two and per acre per year for years three through five. If the minimum work expenditure requirement is not met the applicant
can pay the equal amount in fees to the Arizona State Land Department to keep the AZ MEP permits current. The rental period begins on
the date of acceptance for each permit. Rental payments are due by the first day of the rental period. We hold AZ MEP permits for 
acres at our Tombstone project. We paid filing and rental fees for our AZ MEP s before their respective due dates in the amount
of . 

Legal
Matter 

On
August 22, 2019 (and amended on December 23, 2019), the Company filed a complaint with the Superior Court of Arizona (Case No. C20194139),
demanding the titles and possession of certain vehicles and equipment of the Company from our former CEO, as well as seeking recovery
of damages from the former CEO in an amount of not less than . None of the vehicles and equipment, individually or in total, have
any material net book value (being fully depreciated) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

On
February 18, 2020, our former CEO and his spouse (the Counterclaimants filed a First Amended Answer: First Amended Complaint
and Counterclaim with the Superior Court of Arizona seeking dismissal of the Company s complaint and reimbursement of Counterclaimants 
 attorney fees incurred related to the matter. Additionally, the counterclaim alleges breach of contract by the Company and requests
reimbursement of amounts loaned to the Company by our former CEO and his spouse, along with reimbursement of attorney fees. The Company
believes these counterclaims are without merit and will aggressively defend them and believes no unfavorable outcome or material effect
on our consolidated financial statements will result. 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company reached terms of settlement of the litigation Case No. C20194139, involving J. Briscoe, previously filed
in the Superior Court of Arizona. Effective April 22, 2022, the Company s board of directors voted on, accepted and the settlement
is now hereby approved, ratified, and confirmed. 

A
summary of the terms of that settlement is as follows: 

Mr. Briscoe dropped his
 demand for accrued wages (see Note 12). 

Mr. Briscoe dropped his
 claim for payment of his credit card debt (see Note 4). These balances were included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 on the consolidated balance sheet in prior period. 

Mr. Briscoe dropped all
 other claims and waived and releases all claims, known or unknown. 

Mr. Briscoe returned title
 and possession of all the vehicles that he previously transferred to his name. Mr. Briscoe to also return to the Company all Company
 property identified in our First Amended Complaint. 

The Company reinstated
 Mr. Briscoe s stock options that expired following his resignation from the Board. This reinstatement was on the same terms
 as originally issued, as evidenced in the August 10, 2010, Stock Option Agreement and October 11, 2016, Stock Option Agreement, each
 as adjusted for the February 25, 2021, reverse stock split, and pursuant to the Company s 2010 Stock Option Plan, except for
 the option exercise window, which was expanded to 30 years (see Note 9). 

The Company is paying Mr.
 Briscoe a sum of in 15 equal monthly installments reflected in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying
 consolidated balance sheets. 

Both parties agreed to
 a non-disparagement clause that expressly establishes prior consent to the Pima County Court s jurisdiction for issuance of
 mandatory injunctive relief if an aggrieved Party reasonably believes this clause has been violated by the other Party whether such
 violation is done directly by the violating Party or via proxy. 

In
connection with the settlement, we wrote off of liabilities in exchange for of new debt and the issuance of options
with a fair value of , resulting in a gain of . 

per share (the Class A Shares by . 

Extension
of Expiration Date 

Effective
February 6, 2023, the Company extended all warrants issued by the Company which expired or will expire during the year 2023. These warrants
are extended for an additional three years. 

Securities
Purchase Agreements 

On
February 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. 1800 Diagonal ). Pursuant to the terms of the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement,
the Company agreed to issue a convertible promissory note (the February 2023 Note to 1800 Diagonal in the aggregate principal
amount of . Effective February 2, 2023, the Company issued the February 2023 Note to 1800 Diagonal consistent with the terms of
the February 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement. The February 2023 Note bears interest at , with a Original Issue Discount and
matures on . Pursuant to the terms of the February 2023 Note, the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the note
shall be convertible into shares of the Company s common stock as set forth therein. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the March 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal. Pursuant to the terms of the March 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue a convertible
promissory note (the March 2023Note to 1800 Diagonal in the aggregate principal amount of . Effective March 24,
2023, the Company issued the March 2023 Note to 1800 Diagonal consistent with the terms of the March 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement.
The March 2023 Note bears interest at , with a Original Issue Discount and matures on . Pursuant to the terms of the
March 2023 Note, the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the note shall be convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock as set forth therein. 

Loan
agreement with related party 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company entered into a secured note in the principal amount of , with the Company s CEO. The notes bear
interest at and matures on . The Company issued shares of common stock as collateral on the note. 

Shares
Issued for Conversion of Notes 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal for the July
2022 Note at the exercise price of . 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal and 
of accrued interest for the July 2022 Note at the exercise price of . 

On
April 3, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal for the September
2022 Note at the exercise price of . 

On
April 17, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal for the September
2022 Note at the exercise price of . 

On April 28, 2023, the Company issued a total of 
shares of our common stock for conversions of in principal for the September 2022 Note at the exercise price of . 

Other 

On May 8, 2023, the Company
entered into a one year service agreement with a multimedia news organization and events management firm. Per the agreement, the Company
will compensate the multimedia news organization and events management firm for their services. 

F- 24 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January
31, 2023. Based upon such review and evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of the date of such evaluation due to the size and nature of the existing business operation.
Given the size of our current operation and existing personnel, the opportunity to implement internal control procedures that segregate
accounting duties and responsibilities is limited. Until the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase in personnel, formal
internal control procedure will not be implemented until they can be effectively executed and monitored. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation
of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion of this evaluation. Based
on its evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of January 31, 2023
due to the size and nature of the existing business operation. Given the size of our current operation and existing personnel, the opportunity
to implement internal control procedures that segregate accounting duties and responsibilities is limited. Until the organization can
increase in size to warrant an increase in personnel, formal internal control procedure will not be implemented until they can be effectively
executed and monitored. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or
our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. In addition, the design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and controls may become inadequate if conditions change. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

23 

Management
identified the following material weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023. 

a) 
 Lack of proper segregation
 of duties due specifically to the small size of the Company. 

The
Company s management is committed to improving the Company s internal controls and will: (1) continue to use third party
specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities; (2) increase the
frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are
sufficient personnel. 

Until
the organization can increase in size to warrant an increase in personnel, formal internal control procedure will not be implemented
until they can be effectively executed and monitored. As a result of the size of the current organization, there will not be significant
levels of supervision and review. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal controls over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 40 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

All
directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors have been elected and
qualified. The officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal
from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position(s)
 Held with the Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Brett
 Gross 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 63 
 
 October
 20, 2014 
 
 Peter O Heeron 
 
 Chairman of the Board,
 Secretary and Treasurer. 
 
 59 
 
 September 6, 2012 
 
 Patricia Madaris 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 VP Finance 
 
 71 
 
 May 8, 2015 
 
 Boyd Gordon 
 
 Director 
 
 72 
 
 July 19, 2019 
 
 Bernard Guarnera 
 
 Director 
 
 79 
 
 October 14, 2019 
 
 Nicholas Hemmerly 
 
 Director 
 
 40 
 
 September 26, 2022 

Business
Experience 

Brett
Gross. Mr. Gross joined the board in 2014. Mr. Gross has served as Arbitrator with the American Arbitration Association, Chief Legal
Counsel with MasTec Power Corp., Vice President and Regional Managing Attorney for URS Energy Construction, Inc., an AECOM company,
fka Washington Group International, Inc. since August 2005. Mr. Gross is a mining engineer (BS, Ohio State University, 1982; MS, Virginia
Polytechnic Institute, 1988; PE, Colorado and Alabama) and attorney (JD, University of Denver, 2001) with over 30 years of experience,
both domestic and international. His work experience includes surface and underground mining operations, engineering, and delivery of
construction mega-projects across multiple industrial and commercial markets, and the practice of law related to each of these sectors.
Mr. Gross brings a combination of professional skills that benefits every aspect of our business. Mr. Gross engineering career
began at Virginia Tech, with research focused on rock mechanics and the stability of underground openings, particularly the phenomenon
of coal bumps and rock bursts, and studying methods to monitor stress changes in the longwall barrier pillar
during the onset of the active longwall face. The ensuing years of his career have been intimately involved with a broad spectrum of
engineering, operations, management and project delivery. Since 2002, Mr. Gross has practiced law both in private practice and as in-house
counsel, negotiating and closing complex deals with what today is among the largest engineering and construction firms in the United
States. Mr. Gross was elected as President and Chief Executive Officer on December 7, 2018. 

24 

We
believe Mr. Gross is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his education and business experience as described above. 

Peter
O Heeron. Mr. O Heeron joined the board in 2012. As a seasoned leader he has over 25 years of medical technology and
biotech development experience. Mr. O Heeron brings together the multi-disciplinary teams and resources necessary to commercialize
unique technologies. His expertise covers a broad range of disciplines, from business start-ups and biologics to medical devices and
patient-centered healthcare delivery. Mr. O Heeron holds 150+ Patents Issued/Pending. Prior to founding FibroGenesis, LLC, Mr.
O Heeron founded an operational investment group, Advanced Medical Technologies, LLC, which identified early-stage opportunities
in the medical field with strong intellectual property potential. Mr. O Heeron s previous experience includes the founding
of NeoSurg Technologies to invent and develop a minimally invasive access system. As a result of his efforts, NeoSurg Technologies was
successful in launching the T2000 Minimally Invasive Access System and Mr. O Heeron completed the sale of NeoSurg Technologies
to Cooper Surgical. Mr. O Heeron was employed by Christus Health Care Corporation in a variety of executive-level positions and
corporate product development. Mr. O Heeron has provided strategic advisory services to healthcare companies in the areas of biologics,
advanced surgical instrumentation, and telemedicine. Mr. O Heeron completed Executive Management Certification in Mergers and Acquisition
from University of Chicago. He also holds a Masters in Healthcare Administration from the University of Houston Clear Lake and a Bachelor s
Degree in Healthcare Administration from Texas State University. Mr. O Heeron was elected Chairman of the Board on December 7,
2018, and Secretary and Treasurer on January 11, 2019. 

We
believe Mr. O Heeron is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his knowledge of our company s history and
current operations, which he gained from working with our company as described above, in addition to his education and business experience
as described above. He also catalyzed a negotiation with Northern Dynasty which benefited the company by millions of dollars. 

Patricia
Madaris. Ms. Madaris has served Liberty Star since 2011 beginning as Executive Assistant to
the President and Board of Directors. In May 2015, she was elected by the Board of Directors to the position of Vice President, Finance
and Accounting. On January 13, 2019, Patricia was elected by the Board to serve in the additional office of Chief Financial Officer.
Since the beginning of her tenure with Liberty Star, Patricia has successfully engaged, negotiated, and closed financings; overseen the
Company s financial reporting; and projected and planned financially for ongoing operations including development. She has previously
held the title of accounting/manager for corporations in Arizona, Florida, and California. Ms. Madaris holds a Bachelor of Science in
Accounting and received a Master Business Administration (MBA) in 2017, both Summa Cum Laude from Indiana Wesleyan University. 

We
believe Ms. Madaris is proven to be qualified to serve as an Officer for our company in her many capacities because of her extensive
education and business experience as described above. 

Boyd
Gordon . Mr. Gordon is a financial transaction professional with over 30 years of broad experience in corporate and international
finance, capital market transactions and project development and finance. Currently, Mr. Gordon is a principal in a financial consultancy
firm. At URS, a major engineering and construction company, Mr. Gordon served as the Senior Director of Project Development and Finance.
In this position, Mr. Gordon structured large institutional financings for public sector infrastructure projects and assisted clients
of the power and mining groups. His expertise is in structuring creative financing plans, finding funding sources and closing complex
financial transactions. In a long career with Westinghouse Electric, Mr. Gordon served as European Treasurer, Director of Corporate Finance,
Vice President of Asset Review, Vice President of the Leasing Group, and Director of Treasury Strategic Programs. He was a member of
Westinghouse Electric s team of corporate finance executives that guided the company through a severe financial crisis. Mr. Gordon
received a master s degree in International Management from the American Graduate School of International Management (Thunderbird)
in 1976, a Master of Business Administration in Finance from Southern Methodist University in 1975, and a Bachelor of Science degree
in Marketing from Missouri State University in 1972. 

25 

We
believe Mr. Gordon is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive education and business experience as described
above. 

Bernard
(Barney) Guarnera . Mr. Guarnera is well known and respected throughout the mining industry. He has over 50 years of experience encompassing
six continents and precious metals, ferrous, non-ferrous, base metal, industrial and energy minerals. From 1991 through 2011 he was the
president and CEO of the Behre Dolbear Group, taking the company from a single office in New York City to a highly respected international
mineral industry advisory firm with offices in North and South America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. Barney remains affiliated with Behre
Dolbear as a Director. Mr. Guarnera is a Certified Mineral Appraiser with the IIMA, Chartered Professional (geology) with AusIMM, Qualified
Professional (mineral property valuations, geology and ore reserves) with MMSA, a Registered Professional Engineer (Texas) and a Registered
Professional Geologist (Oregon). Barney specializes in assessing the technical and economic viability of mineral projects and properties
and the valuation of mineral properties and mining companies. He has participated in billions of dollars of transactions related to the
mining industry and acted as principal advisor to the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong regarding the development of its listing rules for
mining companies and later an advisor regarding its acquisition of the London Metal Exchange. 

We
believe Mr. Guarnera is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive education and business experience as described
above. 

Nicholas
H. Hemmerly. New to our Board of Directors, September 2022. Nicholas H. Hemmerly is a Partner and Head of Investment Banking for
Bridgeway Capital Partners LLC. Bridgeway Capital Partners together with its affiliates provides independent investment banking, strategic
capital, and advisory services to lower and middle market companies globally. Prior to joining Bridgeway Mr. Hemmerly was at PricewaterhouseCoopers
Corporate Finance LLC (PwC CF) focusing on M A and capital raising. Prior to PwC CF, Mr. Hemmerly worked at Jefferies LLC with a
focus on executing M A and financing transactions within the pharmaceutical and life sciences sectors. Prior experience includes
investment banking roles in JPMorgan s Healthcare Group as well as JMP Securities Healthcare Group. Mr. Hemmerly began his investment
banking career as an analyst with Wachovia Securities. 

We
believe Mr. Hemmerly is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive business experience as described above. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors or officers. 

Board
and Committee Meetings 

The
board of directors of our company held 15 formal meetings during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors during the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Shareholders may contact our current President, Brett Gross, to recommend nominees to our board of
directors. 

For
the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 our only standing committee of the board of directors was our audit committee. We do not have
a nominating committee or a compensation committee. 

Audit
Committee 

Currently
our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not have a separately-designated standing audit committee established
in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. 

During
the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the audit committee did not hold any meetings. Rather, the business of the audit committee was
conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the members of the board and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
board. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its board of directors or audit committee that qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

We
believe that the members of our board of directors are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial statements
and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director
who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in
our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date. 

26 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past 10 years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
 or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

3. 
 being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court
 of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal
 or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

5. 
 being the subject of, or
 a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease- and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;
 or, 

6. 
 being the subject of, or
 a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self- regulatory organization (as defined
 in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
 Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or
 persons associated with a member. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 9.99 of our
common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the SEC and to provide us with copies
of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting
persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, all filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors
and greater than 4.99 9.99 percent beneficial owners were complied with. 

Code
of Ethics 

Effective
March 15, 2004, our company s board of directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees, including
our company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and VP Finance. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 

1. 
 honest and ethical conduct,
 including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

2. 
 full, fair, accurate, timely,
 and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the SEC and in other public communications
 made by us; 

3. 
 compliance with applicable
 governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

4. 
 the prompt internal reporting
 of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct
 and Ethics; and 

5. 
 accountability for adherence
 to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our
 company s Senior Officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information; that they maintain confidential
 information; and that they act with honesty and integrity. 

27 

In
addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly senior officers, have a responsibility
for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state
securities laws. Any senior officer that becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities,
whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to our company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular
conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our company policy to retaliate against any individual
who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another. 

Our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed with the SEC on March 13, 2004 as Exhibit 14.1 to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge,
upon request. Requests can be sent to: Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp., 2 E. Congress St. Ste. 900, Tucson, AZ 85701. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Following
are the particulars of all compensation paid or accruing to our named executive officers for the last two fiscal years ended. 

2023
Summary Compensation Table 

Name
 and 
 Principal
 Position 
 
 Year 
 Ended
 January 31, 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock
 Awards 

Option
 Awards 

Nonequity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change
 in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All
 Other Compensation (1) 

Total 

Brett Gross, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(1) 
 The value of perquisites
 and other personal benefits and property have been excluded because they total, in the aggregate, less than 10,000. 

28 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at January 31, 2023 

The
following table sets forth for each named executive officer certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of January
31, 2023. 

Option
 Awards 

Stock
 Awards 

Name 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 

Option
 Exercise Price 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have Not Vested 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested 

Awards:
 Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that Have Not Vested 

Brett Gross 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

COMPENSATION
PLANS 

As
of January 31, 2023, we had three compensation plans in place, entitled 2004 Stock Option Plan , 2007 Stock Option
Plan and 2010 Stock Option Plan . These plans have been approved by our security holders. These plans have been given
retroactive effect of the 1-for-4 reverse stock split on September 1, 2009 and 1-for-500 reverse stock split on February 25, 2021. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers, except
that our directors and executive officers receive stock options at the discretion of our Board. We do not have any material bonus or
profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except
that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our Board. 

Employment
Contracts 

We
have not entered into any written employment agreements or compensation arrangements with any of our named executive officers. 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although our directors may receive
stock options to purchase common stock as awarded by our board of directors or (as to future stock options) a compensation committee
which may be established. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors. Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director
undertaking any special services on our behalf other than services ordinarily required of a director. No director received and/or accrued
any cash compensation for their services as a director, including committee participation and/or special assignments. 

29 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

We
have set forth in the following table certain information regarding our common stock beneficially owned on May 15, 2023 for (i) each
shareholder we know to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our named executive
officers and directors, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. In general, a person is deemed to be a
 beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such security,
or the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
securities of which the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. All percentages are calculated based
upon a total number of 20,172,429 shares of common stock and 102,000 Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of May 15,
2023, plus, in the case of the individual or entity for which the calculation is made, that number of options or warrants owned by
such individual or entity that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage of Class (1) 

Brett Gross 
 Common 
 2,643,413 
 (4) 
 
 12.60 
 
 Brett Gross 
 Class A 
 51,000 
 (8) 
 
 50.00 
 
 Peter O Heeron 
 Common 
 1,939,306 
 (3) 
 
 9.33 
 
 Peter O Heeron 
 Class A 
 51,000 
 (8) 
 
 50.00 
 
 Patricia Madaris 
 Common 
 150,000 
 (7) 

Boyd Gordon 
 Common 
 204,646 
 (5) 
 
 1.01 
 
 Bernard Guarnera 
 Common 
 75,000 
 (6) 

Nicholas Hemmerly 
 Common 
 75,000 
 (2) 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 Common 
 5,087,365 

24.43 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (2 persons) 
 Class A 
 102,000 
 (8) 
 
 100.00 

(1) 
 Based
 on 20,172,429 shares of common stock and 102,000 of Class A common stock issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2023. Beneficial
 ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to
 securities. Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed above, based on
 information furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community
 property laws where applicable. 

(2) 
 This amount includes incentive
 or non-qualified stock options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

(3) 
 This amount includes 603,586
 common stock purchase warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days and 51,000 of Class A common stock. 

(4) 
 This
amount includes 810,210 common stock purchase warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days and 51,000 of Class
A common stock. 

(5) 
 This
amount includes 43,215 common stock purchase warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. 

(6) 
 This amount includes 75,000
 shares of common stock. 

(7) 
 The amount includes 150,000 shares of common stock. 

(8) 
 The holders of Class A Common Stock vote with the holders of Common Stock
on matters submitted to the shareholders for a vote. But, the Class A Common Stock has super majority voting rights with the holder
of each outstanding share of Class A Common Stock being entitled to 200 votes per share on all such matters, including, but not limited
to, election of the Board of Directors. Accordingly, based on their combined ownership of both Common Stock and Class
A Common Stock, Brett Gross holds 30.85 Peter O Heeron holds 29.58 of the voting power of the Company s outstanding
shares. 

less than 1 

30 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

As
of January 31, 2023, we had three compensation plans in place, entitled 2004 Stock Option Plan , 2007 Stock Option
Plan and 2010 Stock Option Plan . These plans have been approved by our security holders. These plans have been given
retroactive effect of the 1-for-4 reverse stock split on September 1, 2009 and 1-for-500 reverse stock split on February 25, 2021. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, and Rights (a) 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, and Rights (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a) (c) 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 
 0.00 
 6.51 
 0.00 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders: One Off Grants 
 0.00 
 0.02 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 0.00 
 
 N/A 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Accrued Wages and Vacation 

As of January 31, 2023, and 2022, we had a balance
of accrued unpaid wages and vacation of 66,205 and 65,807 to Patricia Madaris, VP Finance CFO, respectively. 

Advances 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, CEO, Brett Gross advanced the Company 12,500 in cash and paid 4,446 of expenses on the Company s
behalf and was repaid 16,946. Additionally, during the year ended January 31, 2023, board members advanced 7,050 to the Company and
the Company repaid 2,050 of advances and issued shares to settle the remaining 5,000 of related party advances. The advances are unsecured,
non-interest bearing and payable on demand. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 5,000 and 0 outstanding advances from related
parties, respectively. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2023, the Chairman of the Board, Pete O Heeron advanced the Company 5,000 and paid 13,650 of expense
on the Company behalf. The Company settled a 5,000 advance and 13,650 of expenses paid on the Company s behalf from a related
party for the issuance of 146,597 units at a price range of 0.103 to 0.187 per unit. Each unit consists of 1 share of our common stock
and 0.50 warrants. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price range of 0.144 to 0.262 per
share. The warrants expire three years from the date of issuance. 

On
January 30, 2023, the Company issued 23,812 units to the Chairman of the Board for 3,000 in cash proceeds. Each unit consists of 1 share
of our common stock and 0.50 warrants. Each warrant allows the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 0.176
per share. The warrants expire three years from the date of issuance. 

Settlement 

On
April 22, 2022, the Company reached terms of settlement of the litigation Case No. C20194139, involving J. Briscoe, previously filed
in the Superior Court of Arizona. Effective April 22, 2022, the Company s board of directors voted on, accepted and the settlement
is now hereby approved, ratified, and confirmed (See Note 10). 

31 

Other 

On
September 29, 2022, the Company granted 674,000 options to employees. The options expire ten years following issuance and have an exercise
price of 0.15. The options vested upon issuance and have a total fair value of 104,226. On the same day, the Company issued note agreements
to the employees totaling 101,100 and the employees exercised the 674,000 options. The notes bear interest of 3.15 per annum, are due
on September 30, 2027 and were recorded as a subscription receivable. As of January 31, 2023, the subscription receivable was 101,100,
with interest of 708. 

Effective
January 5, 2022, the Company entered into Debt Conversion Agreements with Brett Gross, President CEO, and Peter O Heeron,
Chairman of the Board, pursuant to which each of them agreed to convert their outstanding shareholder advances and loans to the Company
into Company securities consisting of shares of common stock and warrants. Mr. Gross converted shareholder advances and loans to the
Company totaling 375,357 and Mr. O Heeron converted shareholder advances and loans totaling 250,830. Upon conversion, the Company
debts represented by such shareholder advances and loans were deemed to be satisfied and paid in full. 

The
debt conversions described above were completed pursuant to, and in accordance with the terms of Company s current private placement
offering. Accordingly, the Company issued units consisting of one share of common stock and warrant to complete the conversion.
The shares were issued at a price of 0.269 per share, which is the Volume Weighted Average Price VWAP for the 4 days
immediately preceding the effective date of the conversion. The warrants are exercisable for up to three years at a price of 0.377 per
share, which is 140 higher than the price at which the shares were issued. A total of 1,395,379 shares and 697,690 warrants were issued
to Mr. Gross and a total of 932,454 shares and 466,227 warrants issued to Mr. O Heeron. The shares and warrants issued to Mr. Gross
and Mr. O Heeron are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by Turner Stone Company, LLP for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 36,840 
 44,805 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 36,840 
 44,805 

Audit
Fees - This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with
engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result
of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees - This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting
consulting and other audit services. 

Tax
Fees - This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance
and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

32 

All
Other Fees - This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures with respect to Services Performed by Independent Auditors 

The
board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by the board of directors before the respective services were rendered. 

The
board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by Turner Stone Company, L.L.P. and believes that the provision
of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining Turner Stone Company, L.L.P. s independence. 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our registration statement on Form SB-2, filed with the SEC on May 14, 2002). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our quarterly report on Form 10-QSB, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2007). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change to Authorized Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2009). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our annual report on Form 10-KSB, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2004). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 and 3.9 to our current report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 
 
 3.6 

Certificate of Change pursuant to NRS 78.209 dated February 25.2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 and filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021). 
 
 3.7 

Certificate of Amendment to increase authorized shares dated October 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.24 and filed with the SEC on October 6, 2021). 

3.8 

Certificate of Amendment to increase authorized Common Class A Common shares dated October 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.25 and filed with the SEC on October 28, 2022). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to increase Class A Common shares dated February 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.41 and filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023). 

10.1 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Power Up Lending Group Ltd. dated October 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2020). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. dated April 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. dated May 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.16 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc. dated October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.25 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 14, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC, dated November 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.27 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 23, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Sixth Street Lending, LLC, dated December 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.29 to our current report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Sixth Street Lending LLC dated February 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.31 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to Sixth Street Lending LLC dated April 25, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.33 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 2, 2022). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated July 14, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.33 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated September 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.34 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 6, 2022). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated November 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.35 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated February 2, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.36 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 7, 2023). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated March 24, 2023, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.37 to our current report on form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023). 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1, filed with the SEC on March 13, 2004). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Brett Gross 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Brett Gross 
 
 96.1 
 
 Technical Report Summary Red Rock Canyon Gold Project 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 SCHEMA 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 CALCULATION LINKBASE 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 DEFINITION LINKBASE 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 LABEL LINKBASE 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION
 PRESENTATION LINKBASE 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIBERTY
 STAR URANIUM METALS CORP. 

Dated:
 May 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brett Gross 

Brett
 Gross 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

Dated:
 May 15, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Patricia Madaris 

Patricia
 Madaris 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Brett Gross as his true and lawful
attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully
to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorney-in-fact
and agent or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Brett Gross 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Brett Gross 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/
 Patricia Madaris 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Patricia Madaris 
 
 (principal financial officer
 and principal accounting officer) 

/s/
 Peter O Heeron 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Peter O Heeron 

/s/
 Boyd Gordon 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Boyd Gordon 

/s/
 Bernard Guarnera 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Bernard Guarnera 

/s/ Nicholas
 Hemmerly 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Nicholas Hemmerly 

34 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

LIBERTY
STAR URANIUM METALS CORP. 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 

Big Chunk Corp. (dissolved
 July 26, 2019) 
 
 Alaska 

Hay Mountain Holdings,
 LLC 
 
 Arizona 

Earp Ridge Mines LLC (subsidiary
 of Hay Mountain Holdings, LLC) 
 
 Arizona 

Red Rock Mines LLC (subsidiary
 of Hay Mountain Holdings, LLC) 
 
 Arizona 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Brett I. Gross, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 of Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 /s/
 Brett I. Gross 

Brett I. Gross 

Chief Executive Officer
 and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Brett I. Gross, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. (the Company ),
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the annual report on Form
 10-K of Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. for the period ended January 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies
 with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Liberty Star Uranium
 Metals Corp. 

Dated:
 May 15, 2023 
 /s/
 Brett I. Gross 

Brett I. Gross 

Chief Executive Officer
 and President 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. and will be retained by Liberty Star Uranium Metals Corp. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lbsr-20230131.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lbsr-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lbsr-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lbsr-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

