<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230407_10-K_edgar_data_1454742_0001493152-23-011324.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4520915</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145738</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>819558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1389622</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>959317</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1108573</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-011324.hdr.sgml : 20230407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407090837
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-011324
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GOOD GAMING, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001454742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				263988293
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53949
		FILM NUMBER:		23807906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 MCFARLAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			KENNETT SQUARE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19348
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(888) 295-7279

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		415 MCFARLAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 108
		CITY:			KENNETT SQUARE
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19348

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HDS INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110629

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GMV Wireless, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090126

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-011324.txt : 20230407

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D. C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Securities
 registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 NONE 
 
 COMMON
 STOCK 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act: YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statement of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

State
the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022: . 

State
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 
as of February 28, 2023. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words
such as expects, plans, will, forecasts, projects, intends, 
 estimates, and other words of similar meaning. One can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical
or current facts. These statements are likely to address our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs.
One must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our
forward looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including
some that are known and some that are not. No forward looking statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. 

These
risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, include, and are not limited to: 

our
 growth strategies; 

our
 anticipated future operations and profitability; 

our
 future financing capabilities and anticipated need for working capital; 

the
 anticipated trends in our industry; 

acquisitions
 of other companies or assets that we might undertake in the future; 

current
 and future competition. 

In
addition, factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks discussed under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, as well as those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation
to revise or publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these
risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

2 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

General 

The
Company was incorporated on November 3, 2008 under the laws of the State of Nevada, to engage in certain business services. Our goal,
at the time, was to become a leading tournament gaming provider as well as an online destination, targeting over 250 million e-sports
players and participants worldwide that want to compete at the high school or college level. We are a developmental stage business, have
generated limited revenues to date and have a history of operating losses. 

The
Good Gaming platform was established in early 2014 by its founding members who recognized the need that millions of gamers worldwide
desired to play games at competitive levels. The founders recognized that there was no structure or organization on a large scale for
amateur gamers while professional e-sports was quickly establishing itself. 

Good
Gaming effectively built the business infrastructure for the rapidly growing esports industry, similar to the high school and college
athletic industry. Good Gaming was designed to be the gateway for amateur e-sports athletes to compete at the semi-professional level,
improve their gaming skills, and interact with veteran gamers globally in a destination site and social networking framework. 

Good
Gaming differs from the professional level of the e-sports industry by focusing on more than 250 million gamers that fall below the professional
level but are above the casual level, classified as amateurs. Good Gaming distinguishes itself from its direct and indirect
competitors by being the first company to offer multi-game, multi-console services at the amateur e-sports level. The Company was not
exclusive to any particular hardware or software vendor. 

On
May 4, 2016, the Company announced that it had completed its first closed public beta testing of their 2.0 tournament platform to determine
the functionality, speed, ease of use, and accuracy of the system and are preparing to enter into full-blown production. 

On
February 18, 2016, the Company, formerly HDS International Corp., acquired the assets of Good Gaming, Inc. from CMG Holdings Group, Inc.
(OTCQB: CMGO). On that date, the Company s former CEO, Paul Rauner, resigned. The Company appointed Vikram Grover to the positions
of CEO and Director of the board of directors (the Board ). Vikram Grover is a former Wall Street analyst and investment
banker with more than 20 years of experience in telecommunications, media and technology. In addition, David Dorwart was elected by the
majority shareholders to the Company s Board. Mr. Dorwart is the Co-Founder and Chairman of Assist Wireless, Inc., a provider of
lifeline wireless services to tens of thousands of subscribers primarily in the Midwest. 

On
June 27, 2017 the Board of Directors of the Company appointed David B. Dorwart as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. On June
21, 2017, Mr. Dorwart was appointed to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors. David B. Dorwart, Chairman and CEO of Good Gaming,
Inc., brings over 31 years of start-up entrepreneurism and executive level management to the Company. Mr. Dorwart was a Co-Founder and
CEO of dPi Teleconnect, a prepaid wireless provider, for 10 years. During his tenure, Mr. Dorwart grew that company from a start-up to
 75 million in revenues before selling it. Over the last 9 years, Mr. Dorwart has been involved with several other successful projects
including Assist Wireless, Brooklet Energy Distribution, PayGo Distributors and Britton Associates. Mr. Dorwart is currently the
Chairman and Co-Founder of ViaOne Services, a company which specializes in wireless communications and provides intricate multi-faceted
services for start-up companies utilizing industry experts. By virtue of the ownership of this Series C Preferred Stock, ViaOne is the
Company s principal stockholder. 

On
June 27, 2017, the Company also bolstered its Board of Directors with executive level professionals by adding two seasoned individuals
who specialize in organization and finance as well as the branding and marketing of established and emerging organizations which are
poised to show significant growth. 

3 

Domenic
Fontana is currently SeniorVice President of ViaOne Services and a board member. He is an experienced CPA and financial executive who
has worked in progressively more advanced executive roles throughout his career. Having worked at Verizon, Ebay and now ViaOne Services
over the last 13 years, Mr. Fontana has developed intimate and extensive knowledge of executive level management and the telecommunications
industry. Mr. Fontana has worked in all aspects of Finance, Accounting, Treasury, and Operations. 

Jordan
Axt, a board member, is a results-producing marketing professional with over 14 years of experience successfully developing marketing
and branding strategies. Mr. Axt has been consistently noted by executives, colleagues, and journalists for his specific expertise in
bringing products and services online with a comprehensive digital go-to-market strategy. Mr. Axt has previously held executive level
positions as Director of Marketing for ProfitPoint Inc. and Clutch Holdings LLC. Mr. Axt is currently Vice President of Marketing of
ViaOne Services where he develops all marketing and customer acquisition strategies for 14 consumer facing brands. 

On
July 10, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors elected David Dorwart its CEO. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved Domenic
Fontana and Jordan Axt to the Company s Board of Directors. 

On
August 8, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company accepted Vikram Grover s resignation as the Treasurer of the Company and
as a member of the Board, effective immediately. 

On
August 8, 2017, the Board of the Company accepted Barbara Laken s resignation as the Secretary of the Company and as a member on
the Board, effective immediately. 

On
August 9, 2017, the Company announced a strategic review of its business, which prompted improvements to its business model and a reduction
in expenses designed to accelerate its move to free cash flow generation. 

On
August 29, 2017, Eric Brown became the Chief Operating Officer. 

In
September 2017, the Company began focusing on its Minecraft server by enhancing the development staff and launched an offering of microtransactions
after it saw the opportunity to generate revenue without adding a great deal of overhead. The initial offering of microtransactions exceeded
revenue expectations and the Company has continued to expand the Minecraft server offerings. The Company also began pursuing the acquisition
of additional Minecraft servers that were already established to begin scaling this effort. 

In
December 2017, the Company began exploring potential partnerships with various franchise opportunities related to both LAN centers and
Virtual Reality centers. Financial analysis and research on these opportunities are ongoing. 

On
March 21, 2018, the Company acquired Crypto Strategies Group, Inc. for consideration of 500. The Company intends to diversify its business
and enter into the cryptocurrency market through such acquisition. 

On
December 12, 2018, the Company dissolved Crypto Strategies Group, Inc. 

In
March 2019, the Company discontinued Minecade and Olimpo servers and decided to focus on the core Good Gaming servers. 

On
March 11, 2019, Eric Brown resigned from the Chief Operating Officer s position. 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company formulated a new plan to create a new game called MicroBuddies that combines Ethereum
ERC721 NFTs (Non-fungible tokens), non-standard ERC20 tokens (GOO ), and strategic gameplay to replicate and create unique and
rare NFTs. The game will be played online via the MicroBuddies website and blockchain transactions take place on the Polygon Network. 

On
May 25th, 2021, Good Gaming, Inc. filed for a trademark on MicroBuddies and other related game terms. 

On
May 28th, 2021, the initial launch of MicroBuddies began with the Genesis Event , which is the sale of Nano Factory
Tokens at a discounted rate of 0.05 Ethereum. We expect to raise the prices of Nano Factory Token prices to 0.15 Ethereum prior to the
full game launch in Q3 2021. Nano Factory Tokens obtained during the Genesis Event will be used to synthesize a Generation 0 Microbuddy 
when the game fully launches in the 4th Quarter of 2021. Nano Factory Tokens are limited to 3 purchases per wallet. Unsold Nano Factory
Tokens will be destroyed and no Nano Factory Tokens will be made available ever again. 

On
September 14, 2021, Good Gaming, Inc. met all qualifications and have been accepted by OTC Markets to uplist from Pink Sheet Current
to the OTCQB tier for trading. 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company announced that MicroBuddies will be launched on the mainnet using Polygon, which is an Ethereum
compatible blockchain building platform that provides a secure and lower-cost alternative to Ethereum s escalating gas fees and
wait times. The Company also announced October 5, 2021, as it s the official launch date for beta testing to begin. 

4 

On
November 11, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with several institutional and accredited investors pursuant
to which the Company will sell to the Investors in a private placement an aggregate of (i) 15,922,156 shares of common stock, (ii) pre-funded
warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 4,811,181 shares of common stock and (iii) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 20,733,337
shares of common stock for gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 3,100,000. The combined purchase price for one share of common
stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock is 0.15 and the combined purchase price for one pre-funded warrant to purchase
one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock is 0.1499. 

On
December 13, 2021, the Company announced that the mainnet launch of the MicroBuddies NFT game will be on Friday,
December 17, 2021 at 7:00 PM EST. This announcement comes after more than 95 of players involved in Beta I and Beta II testing programs
voted to launch the game at this time, based on gameplay and user experience. 

On
December 21, 2021, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada
in order to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company from two hundred two million two hundred fifty thousand (202,250,000)
authorized shares to two hundred five million (205,000,000) authorized shares. Addition to that, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, which established two million seven hundred fifty thousand (2,750,000) shares of
the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. Each of the Series E Shares are convertible at the option of the holder at
any time into 1,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The holders of the Series E Shares will vote together with the common
stock on an as-converted basis. The Series E Shares are not entitled to any dividend except that in the event that the Board of Directors
of the Company declares a dividend to any other class of stock, Series E Shares are entitled to a dividend equal to what they would receive
on an as converted to common stock basis. 

On
January 10, 2022, David Sterling was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. 

Technology 

In
2016, the Company completed its 2.0 tournament platform and thereafter ran dozens of robotic internal test tournaments and held numerous
free-to-play tournaments on large scales with its partner The Syndicate, the owner of the world s longest-running online gaming
guild that has 1,200 members worldwide. Good Gaming conducted two closed public beta tournaments of hundreds of participants in May 2016
in order to fully vet the system. After making roughly 100 fixes and changes to the system, it now runs smoothly. The system is designed
to scale to 512,000 concurrent competitors. The Company has updated the system to handle team tournaments, which will further expand
its opportunity to popular titles that have tens of millions of active players and has recently launched titles that have the potential
for cross-platform play among Gaming PC, Microsoft Xbox and Sony PlayStation. 

In
2017, the Company ran hundreds of tournaments on a regular basis with a dedicated customer base of over 30,000 members. Additionally,
the Company expanded its website by offering content relevant to the member base with information relating to game play strategy and
game news. This generated nearly 100,000 unique visits per month. In an effort to monetize that traffic, the Company employed the use
of Google display advertising and tested a subscription model. After careful evaluation of the Company s strategy, management decided
to move away from free tournaments and custom content and focus on growing and monetizing our Minecraft server, which has grown substantially
in popularity. This decision was a result of comprehensive competitive analysis and evaluations made in how the esports industry was
shifting in its space. Tournaments and custom content are currently suspended while the Company grows revenue and focuses on expanding
its efforts with Minecraft. The Company has also aggressively evaluated several business models and acquisition opportunities to resume
its previous success as it is related to tournaments. 

In
2018, the Company acquired the Minecade and Olimpo Minecraft servers in order to deliver on expansion efforts. This move, coupled with
continued advancement of the core Good Gaming Minecraft server substantially increased revenues and traffic. By the end of the year,
the Company struck a deal with a prominent Minecraft influencer, which resulted in the single highest monthly earnings achieved within
the Minecraft division, to date. 

In
2019, following a severe downturn of business in the Minecraft sector, the Company decided to temporarily suspend the Minecade and Olimpo
networks and refocus its efforts back on the core Good Gaming server. Much of the year was spent upgrading and overhauling the server s
existing infrastructure, which had grown stale over prior years. The Company adapted its strategy to target long term success and consistency
through major innovations in the SkyBlock and Prison game modes, and began work towards an ambitious full recode of the Minecade server. 

5 

In
2020, the Company finalized its infrastructure overhaul for use in upcoming releases. A new, experimental version of Prison, Prison MMO,
was launched as an early access game mode in February 2020. Prison MMO is designed to be a self-sustaining Minecraft game mode which
incorporates elements of the Massively Multiplayer Online video game genre. The Company expects steady growth from this mode as it continues
developing Prison MMO. On April 1 st , 2020, the company released its first iteration of a new SkyBlock gamemode, SkyBlock Spring,
to some strong success. During the third quarter of 2020, the Company implemented a new workflow management style and released its summer
edition of SkyBlock. The release of the summer edition signified a renewed focus on consistent growth through regular, player focused
updates. The Company s fall release of Prison in October 2020 resulted in its single highest revenue producing month of the year,
to date. 

In
2021, the Company kicked off the first quarter with major upgrades to its Winter edition of SkyBlock along with the release of its Winter
edition of Prison. The Company used this period to experiment with new release schedules and game mechanics with the goal of identifying
how to further strengthen future releases. Additionally, the Company formulated a new plan to create a new game called MicroBuddies 
that combines Ethereum ERC721 NFTs (Non-fungible tokens), non-standard ERC20 tokens (GOO ), and strategic gameplay to replicate
and create unique and rare NFTs. The game will be played online via the MicroBuddies website and blockchain transactions take place on
the Polygon Network.The game was launched on December 17, 2021 after more than 95 of players involved in Beta 1 and 2 testing programs
voted to launch the game based on gameplay and user experience. 

In
2022, the Company expanded its development portfolio to include the Roblox gaming platform. Towards the end of 2022, the Company released
a Roblox version of the popular Minecraft title Super Craft Brothers Brawl and Treasure
Island featuring the MicroBuddies . The Company was able to gather important player feedback to help continue
development to include player feedback regarding the titles feature set and functionality. In 2023, the Company plans to continue
development of both of these titles and release final versions on the Roblox platform. In addition to the Super Craft Brothers
Brawl and Treasure Island titles, the Company signed the first game publishing deal with a well known Roblox 
creator Joshua Mckittrick to bring his horror themed creations to the Roblox platform. Joshua has created Roblox 
titles which have garnered over 100 million visits and tens of thousands of views on YouTube from creators making fan videos and reviews
of his titles. The Company also announced the establishment of a Family themed brand for the Roblox platform called Family
Games presented by Good Gaming This brand will develop and publish a series of titles targeting the All Ages category
on the Roblox platform. 

The
Company also signed a development partnership agreement with Meraki Studios B.V. , 
a leader in the development of high end Minecraft gaming experiences, to produce new gaming experiences around their
Prison , SkyBlock and Super Craft Brothers Brawl properties. Each of these brands will have
multiple releases during 2023. The releases will feature an update to the Minecraft 1.19 software version which will bring improved
graphics, functionality and revenue generating opportunities. 

Business
Strategy 

In
the past, our management team s business strategy was to be a full-service company providing best in class Esports gaming tournaments
and Minecraft experiences. With the onset of the pandemic, the Esports industry has suffered a considerable amount of lost business opportunities.
We were not immune to the effects of the pandemic on our Esports business. In addition, the size of the PC-based Minecraft gaming community
has shrunk considerably. We have taken a hard look at both the Esports and Minecraft business verticals and determined that both strategies
are no longer in the best interest of the company and our shareholders. We feel that both the Esports and Minecraft verticals do not
have significant upside in the future. As so, the Esports and Minecraft business verticals will not comprise a meaningful segment of
our ongoing business strategy. We will not designate any future investment in either of these verticals for the foreseeable future. 

With
the rise in the popularity of the crypto-currency and blockchain technologies, the Company has decided to invest in the creation of its
new game, MicroBuddies which combines Ethereum ERC721 NFTs (Non-fungible tokens), non-standard ERC20 tokens (GOO ),
and strategic, long-tail web browser gameplay to replicate and create unique and collectible NFTs. ERC20 GOO tokens
are limited to use as an in-game currency only. This strategy will allow us to enter the emerging NFT and blockchain gaming space. Initial
revenues from MicroBuddies will come from the sale of Nano Factory Tokens that will be used to synthesize generation
0 of MicroBuddies . Ongoing MicroBuddies revenues will be generated from a 5 royalty on all
of the sales of MicroBuddy NFTs in third-party marketplaces and a.0.01 MATIC per MicroBuddy 
replication Microbuddies In 2022, we will introduce additional initiatives around the MicroBuddies intellectual property.
We expect the ancillary MicroBuddies initiatives to create consistent, recurring revenue over the life of the project. 

6 

Moving
forward, we are going to expand the MicroBuddies intellectual property to metaverse/virtual world social gaming
experiences. There are many current and emerging metaverse/virtual world platforms. Some existing platforms already have greater than
one hundred million users while other platforms are slated to launch later in 2022 or in 2023. We see building MicroBuddies 
themed gaming experiences in these types of metaverses/virtual worlds as a solid strategy to create long tail revenue engines while exposing
the MicroBuddies franchise to large, diverse audiences. In 2023, the Company will complete multiple gaming experiences
featuring the Microbuddies for the Roblox platform. In the near future, other gaming platforms will be considered for gaming experiences
in order to broaden the audience reach and recognizability of the MicroBuddies IP. Also in 2023, the Company will
build cross-platform gaming experiences around the Super Craft Brothers Brawl SCBB IP. The SCBB
franchise features a host of distinct characters and personalities that have resonated with Minecraft players for many years. The Company
will develop multi-platform gaming experiences featuring these characters with the intent of introducing these characters to new audiences
in an effort to grow their popularity and create new revenue opportunities for the brand. 

2023
will be a year of multi-faceted business development for the Company. In addition to continuing to expand its footprint on the Minecraft 
and Roblox gaming platforms, the Company is targeting new platforms for its character properties and themed gaming experiences.
The Company will also continue to build its publishing business by signing agreements with well-established creators to bring their properties
to multiple platforms. The Company is planning to execute numerous business agreements to expand the total addressable market for its
products which will create new avenues for revenue and profit generation. 

Insurance
Policies 

We
do not currently maintain any insurance but are in the process of obtaining the appropriate insurance to support our business operations. 

Employees 

We
have three full-time consultants, and four part-time contractors working on various Good Gaming initiatives. The full-time consultants
consist of one Chief Operating Officer, one Gaming Director and one Operations Manager. The part-time consultant team consists of two
QA staff, one Video Engineer and a Marketing Coordinator. Pursuant to our Management Services Agreement with ViaOne Services LLC, certain
employees of ViaOne are deemed to be consultants of the Company. 

Offices 

Our
executive offices are located at 415 McFarlan Rd, Suite 108, Kennett Square, PA 19501. Our telephone number is (844) 419-7445. 

Additional
Information 

The
Company is subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act, and, in accordance therewith, file annual, quarterly, and special
reports, proxy statements and other information with the Commission. The Commission maintains an internet website at http://www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission.
The periodic reports, proxy statements and other information that the Company files with the Commission are available for inspection
on the Commission s website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished
to the Commission. 

The
Company maintains a website at www.good-gaming.com where you may also access these materials free of charge. We have included our website
address as an inactive textual reference only and the information contained in, and that can be accessed through, our website is not
incorporated into and is not part of this report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
do not currently rent or lease any real property. 

ITEM3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which
arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters
may arise from time to time that may harm our business. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

7 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock commenced trading on the over-the-counter Bulletin Board on October 7, 2009. It currently trades under the symbol GMER .
Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. There is no public trading market for our securities. 

Following is a table of the high bid price and the low bid price for each quarter during the last two fiscal years. 

2021 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 First Quarter, Ending March 31 
 0.1400 
 0.0333 
 
 Second Quarter, Ending June 30 
 0.2495 
 0.0163 
 
 Third Quarter, Ending September 30 
 0.7500 
 0.1736 
 
 Fourth Quarter, Ending December 31 
 0.3780 
 0.0502 

2022 
 High Bid 
 Low Bid 
 
 First Quarter, Ending March 31 
 0.1000 
 0.0200 
 
 Second Quarter, Ending June 30 
 0.0855 
 0.0356 
 
 Third Quarter, Ending September 30 
 0.0820 
 0.0206 
 
 Fourth Quarter, Ending December 31 
 0.0895 
 0.0259 

Holders 

As
of March 31, 2023, we have 113,142,559 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 93 stockholders of record. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 7,500 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, 19,296 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding, 1 share of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, 0 share of Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding,
and 57,663 shares of Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

8 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our
business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends in
the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements,
contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our directors. In addition, our Series D shares have cumulative dividend
preference. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
July 18, 2012, a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the Registration Statement was filed by us together with our 2012
Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the Plan relating to 30,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share,
to be offered and sold to accounts of eligible persons. The original plan filed on July 18, 2012 is still valid but the Company will
not issue any more securities under the Plan as we have adopted a new plan. 

On
April 30, 2018, the holder of one (1) share of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company that entitles such holder to vote a majority of
the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company s approved by written consent that the Company adopts the 2018 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan under which the Board may decide at its sole discretion to grant equity awards to certain
employees and consultants as set forth in the 2018 Plan. The description of the 2018 Plan does not purport to be complete and is incorporated
herein by reference to a current report on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2018. 

On
March 7, 2022, the holder of one (1) share of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company that entitles such holder to vote a majority of
the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company s approved by written consent that the Company adopt 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan (the 2022 Plan ), which replaced the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. There are 30,000,000 shares authorized under the 2022
Plan, which is an increase from 10,000,000 authorized under the 2018 Plan. Under the 2022 Plan, the board of directors of the Company
(the Board may decide at its sole discretion to grant equity awards to certain employees and consultants, including employees
and consultants of ViaOne Services, Inc., who are also deemed consultants of the Company. 

Penny
Stock Regulations and Restrictions on Marketability 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a market price of less than 5. Securities are registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on
the OTC Markets which provides the current price and volume information. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a
transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description
of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading, (b) contains a description
of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect
to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws, (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer
market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price, (d) contains
a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions, (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the
conduct of trading in penny stocks, and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type size and format,
as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 

The
broker-dealer must also provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock, (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock, and
(d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer
must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement as to transactions involving penny stocks,
and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity for our common stock. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty
selling their shares of our common stock. 

9 

Common
Stock 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the Company to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value. On May 3, 2018,
the Company increased its authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. Each holder of our common stock is entitled
to one (1) vote for each share held on record on all voting matters we present for a vote of stockholders, including the election of
directors. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights or preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any stock or other
securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to our common stock. All shares
of the Company s common stock are entitled to share equally in dividends from sources legally available when, and if, declared
by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to issue additional shares of common stock not to exceed the amount authorized by the Articles of Incorporation,
on such terms and conditions and for such consideration as the Board may deem appropriate without further stockholder action. 

In
the event of our liquidation or dissolution, all shares of the Company s common stock are entitled to share equally in our assets
available for distribution to stockholders. However, the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject
to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that have been issued or shares of preferred
stock that our Board of Directors may decide to issue in the future. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Articles of Incorporation initially authorized us to issue up to 2,250,350 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value. On December 21,
2021, the Company filed the amendment to increase the authorized shares of preferred stock to 5,000,000 shares. Of the 5,000,000 authorized
shares of preferred stock, the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is
2,000,000, with a stated par value of 0.001 per share, the total number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock the Corporation shall
have the authority to issue is 249,999, with a stated par value of 0.001 per share, the total number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 1, with a stated par value of 0.001 per share, the total number of shares
of Series D Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 350, with a stated par value of 0.001 per share, and
the total number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 2,750,000, with a stated
par value of 0.001 per share. Our Board of Directors is authorized, without further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of preferred
stock and to fix the designations, number, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and sinking fund terms. We believe that the Board of Directors 
power to set the terms of, and our ability to issue preferred stock, will provide flexibility in connection with possible financing or
acquisition transactions in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, however, could adversely affect the voting power of holders
of common stock and decrease the amount of any liquidation distribution to such holders. The presence of outstanding preferred stock
could also have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 7,500 shares of our Series A preferred stock, 19,296 shares of Series B preferred stock, 1 share of Series
C preferred stock, 0 share of Series D preferred stock, and 57,663 shares of Series E preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

The
7,500 issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of 20 common shares
for each Series A Preferred Share. The 19,296 issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of
common stock at a rate of 200 common shares for each Series B Preferred Share. The 57,663 issued and outstanding shares of Series E Preferred
Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of 1,000 common shares for each Series E Preferred Share. If all of our Series
A, B and E Preferred Stock are converted into shares of common stock, the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock
will increase by 61,672,201 shares. 

The
one issued and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock has voting rights equivalent to 51 of all shares entitled to vote and
is held by ViaOne Services LLC, a Company controlled by our CEO. 

10 

The
Series D Preferred Stock can be convertible into shares of common stock at the lower of the Fixed Conversion Price .06 per share) or
at the VWAP which shall be defined as the average of the five (5) lowest closing prices during the 20 days prior to conversion. We did
not have any shares of Series D preferred stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

The
holders of Series A, Series B, Series C, Series D and Series E have a liquidation preference to the common shareholders. 

Options 

We
have not issued and do not have any outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock. 

Registration
Rights 

As
of December 31, 2022, there are no other outstanding registration rights or similar agreements. 

Convertible
Securities 

On
April 15, 2015, the Company issued a convertible debenture with the principal amount of 100,000 to HGT Capital, LLC HGT ),
a non-related party. During the quarter ended June 30, 2015, the Company received the first 50,000 in payment. The remaining 50,000
payment would be made at the request of the borrower. No additional payments have been made as of September 30, 2018. Under the terms
of the debentures, the amount was unsecured and was due on October 16, 2016. The note is currently in default and bears interest of 22 
per annum. It was convertible into shares of common stock any time after the maturity date at a conversion rate of 50 of the average
of the five lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the thirty trading days ending one trading day prior to
the date the conversion notice was sent by the holder to the Company. On September 21, 2018, the Company entered into a modification
agreement with HGT with respect to the convertible promissory note which has a balance of 107,238. Pursuant to such modification agreement,
all defaults were waived and it was agreed that such note will convert at a 25 discount to the market rather than the default rate.
HGT also agreed to certain sale restrictions which limit the number of shares that they can sell in any month for the next three months.
HGT also agreed to dismiss, with prejudice, the lawsuit that it had filed against the Company. On November 29, 2018, HGT converted 6,978
of a convertible note into 1,655,594 shares of the Company s common stock. On August 17, 2020, HGT converted 5,833 of notes into
2,645,449 shares of the Company s common stock. On September 9, 2020, HGT converted 11,822 of notes into 2,775,076 shares of the
Company s common stock. On November 11, 2020, HGT converted 25,239 of notes into 2,911,055 shares of the Company s common
stock. On December 18, 2020, HGT converted 40,126 of notes into 3,053,696 shares of the Company s common stock. On June 25, 2021,
HGT converted the remaining note balance of 17,240 into 1,257,476 shares of the Company s common stock. 

The
Company entered into a line of credit agreement Line Of Credit with ViaOne on September 27, 2018 (the Effective
Date ). This Line of Credit dated as of, was entered into by and between the Company and ViaOne. The Company had an immediate need
for additional capital and asked ViaOne to make a new loan(s) in an initial amount of 25,000 on the Effective Date (the New Loan ).
The Company may need additional capital and ViaOne has agreed pursuant to this Line of Credit to provide for additional advances, although
ViaOne shall have no obligation to make any additional loans. Any further New Loans shall be memorialized in a promissory note with substantially
the same terms as the New Loan and shall be secured by all of the assets of the Company. On or before the Effective Date, the Company
may request in writing to ViaOne that it loan the Company additional sums of up to 250,000 and within five days of such request(s),
ViaOne shall have the right, but not an obligation, to make additional loans to the Company and the Company shall in turn immediately
issue a note in the amount of such loan. In consideration for making the New Loan, the Company entered into a security agreement whereby
ViaOne received a senior security interest in all of the assets of the Company. 

11 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company and ViaOne Services, LLC entered into a revolving convertible promissory note (the Revolving Note ).
The Company agrees to pay ViaOne the principal sum of 1,000,000 or such a smaller amount as ViaOne may advance to the Company from time
to time under the Revolving Note, which is subject to a simple interest rate of 8 per annum and will expire earlier on demand or the
third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. The Revolving Note (and any unpaid interest or liquidated damages amount) may be converted
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of eighty-five percent (85 of the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. On December 31, 2021, the Company amended the note to allow for the conversion of the
Note into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services, LLC converted the Revolving
Note into 6,730 shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, terminating the Revolving Note. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a new Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective
Date ). For a monthly management fee of 42,000 (the Monthly Management Fee ), ViaOne shall provide to the Company
services related to Company s human resources, payroll, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financial services for a period
of one year beginning on the Effective Date and automatically renewing for successive terms of one year each unless either party provides
90 days notice. ViaOne has the right to convert part or all of the Monthly Management Fee into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share at a Conversion Rate equal to 125 of the Conversion Amount, divided by the Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price means, with respect to Management Fee, 85 of the volume weighted average price VWAP for the 5 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. On December 31, 2021, the Company amended the note to allow for the conversion of the
Note into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services, LLC converted the new
Employee Services Agreement Note into 1,557 shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Related
Party Transactions 

On
or around April 7, 2016, Silver Linings Management, LLC funded the Company 13,440 in the form of convertible debentures secured by certain
high-powered gaming machines purchased from XIDAX. Such note bore interest at a rate of 10 per annum, payable in cash or kind at the
option of the Company, matured on April 1, 2018, and was convertible into Series B Preferred shares at the option of the holder at any
time. Effective December 31, 2021, the Note was converted into 1,680 shares of Series B preferred stock. 

On
November 30, 2016, ViaOne purchased a Secured Promissory Note equal to a maximum initial principal amount of 150,000 issued by the Company
to ViaOne. As additional advances were made by ViaOne to the Company, the principal amount of the Note was increased to 225,000 and
 363,000 by amendments dated January 31, 2017, and March 1, 2017, respectively. 

On
May 5, 2017, ViaOne delivered a default notice to the Company pursuant to Section 6 of the Note Purchase Agreement but has subsequently
extended the due date and has increased the funding up to One Million 1,000,000) dollars. After giving the Company a fifteen (15) day
notice period to cure the default under the Stock Pledge Agreement, dated November 30, 2016, entered by and among the Company, CMG, and
ViaOne Pledge Agreement ), ViaOne took possession of the Series C Stock, which was subject of the Pledge Agreement. 

The
Secured Promissory Note as amended increased from time to time due to additional advances provided to the Company by ViaOne. 

On
September 1, 2017, the Company executed an amended Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne which stipulated that ViaOne would continue
providing to the Company services relating to the Company s human resources, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financing
for a monthly management fee of 25,000. This agreement was amended on January 1, 2018. The accrued monthly management fees, 100,000
at December 31, 2017, are convertible by ViaOne into the Company s common stock at a rate of 125 of the accrued fees at a conversion
price of (i) 0.05 per share; or (ii) the volume-weighted adjusted price VWAP of the common stock on the 14th day of
each month if the 14th of that month is a trading day. In the event the 14th day of a month falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or a trading
holiday, the VWAP of the Common Stock will be valued on the last trading day before the 14th day of the month. The agreement was terminated
on August 31, 2021. 

12 

On
September 27, 2018, the Company and ViaOne entered into a Line of Credit Agreement (the LOC Agreement ), pursuant to which
the Company issued a secured promissory note with the initial principal amount of 25,000 to ViaOne in exchange for a loan of 25,000
(the Initial Loan Amount ). In accordance with this Agreement, the Company may request ViaOne to provide loans of up to
 250,000, including the Initial Loan Amount, and ViaOne has the right to decide whether it will honor such request. The Initial Loan
Amount became due on September 30, 2019 (the Maturity Date and bore an interest rate of 8.0 per annum. The unpaid principal
and interest of the Promissory Note after the Maturity Date accrued interest at a rate of 18.0 per annum. The principal amount of the
Promissory Note may increase from time to time up to 250,000 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. In connection
with the Agreement and Promissory Note, the Company and ViaOne executed a security agreement dated September 27, 2018, whereby the Company
granted ViaOne a security interest in all of its assets, including without limitation, cash, inventory, account receivables, real property,
and intellectual properties, to secure the repayment of the loans made pursuant to the LOC Agreement and Promissory Note. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a new Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective
Date ). For a monthly management fee of 42,000 (the Monthly Management Fee ), ViaOne shall provide to the Company
services related to Company s human resources, payroll, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financial services for a period
of one year beginning on the Effective Date and automatically renewing for successive terms of one year each unless either party provides
90 days notice. ViaOne has the right to convert part or all of the Monthly Management Fee into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value 0.001 per share at a Conversion Rate equal to 125 of the Conversion Amount, divided by the Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price means, with respect to Management Fee, 85 of the volume weighted average price VWAP for the 5 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company and ViaOne entered into a revolving convertible promissory note (the Revolving Note ). The
Company agrees to pay ViaOne the principal sum of 1,000,000 or such a smaller amount as ViaOne may advance to the Company from time
to time under the Revolving Note, which is subject to a simple interest rate of 8 per annum and will expire earlier on demand or the
third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. The Company granted ViaOne warrants to purchase the 1,000,000 shares of Common Stocks at
an exercise price of 0.42, a premium of 20 to the closing bid price of the Common Stock the trading day prior to the execution of the
Revolving Note. Payment of all obligations under the Revolving Note is secured by a security interest granted to ViaOne by the Company
in all of the right, title and interest of the Company in all of the assets of the Company currently owned or acquired hereafter. The
Revolving Note (and any unpaid interest or liquidated damages amount) may be converted into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price
of eighty-five percent (85 of the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the date of the notice of conversion. The
Revolving Note contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure by the Company to make a payment of principal
or interest when due. Following an event of default, ViaOne is entitled to accelerate the entire indebtedness under the Revolving Note.
The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carve outs, as set forth in the Revolving Note. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company amended the both original and new Employee Service Agreements, Secured Promissory Note, and Revolving
Convertible Promissory Note to allow for the conversion of Notes into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective
December 31, 2021, the original Employee Service Agreement was converted into 24,540 shares of the Company s Series E Preferred
Stocks and the new Employee Service Agreement was converted into 1,557 shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Additionally,
Secured Promissory Note and Revolving Convertible Note were converted into 24,836 and 6,730 shares of the Company s Series E Preferred
Stocks, respectively. 

13 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company owed nothing to ViaOne Services. 

The
Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is the Chairman of ViaOne. 

Shares
Eligible for Future Sale 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 113,142,559 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, a breakdown of which follows: 

96,294,840
 shares are freely tradable without restrictions (commonly referred to as the public float 

16,847,719
 shares are currently subject to the restrictions and sale limitations imposed by Rule 144. 

From
time to time, certain of our stockholders may be eligible to sell some or all of their restricted shares of our common stock by means
of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain
volume restrictions and restrictions on the manner of sale. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely
after six months subject only to the current public information requirement. Affiliates may sell after six months subject to the Rule
144 volume, manner of sale, current public information and notice requirements. 

The
eventual availability for sale of substantial amounts of our common stock under Rule 144 could adversely affect prevailing market prices
for our securities and cause you to lose most, if not all, of your investment in our business. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation with its principal address at 2901 N Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, TX 75093. Its
telephone number is (469) 633-0101. Investors may reach our transfer agent at info@stctransfer.com. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
March 8, 2021, Lincoln Acquisition converted 18,000 shares of Class B Preferred Stock into 3,600,000 of the Company s common
stock. 

On
May 18, 2021, Lincoln Acquisition converted 29,881 shares of Class B Preferred Stock into 5,976,200 of the Company s common
stock. 

On
June 25, 2021, HGT converted 17,240 of a convertible note into 1,257,476 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
July 21, 2021, William Schultz converted 2,500 shares of Class B Preferred Stock into 500,000 of the Company s common
stock. 

On
December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services converted 1,241,783 of a Secured Promissory Note into 24,836 shares of Company s Class E
Preferred Stock. 

14 

On
December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services converted 1,227,000 of a Original Employee Service Agreement Note into 24,540 shares of Company s
Class E Preferred Stock. 

On
December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services converted 84,000 of a New Employee Service Agreement Note into 1,557 shares of Company s Class
E Preferred Stock. 

On
December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services converted 362,967 of a Revolving Convertible Promissory Note into 6,730 shares of Company s
Class E Preferred Stock. 

On
December 31, 2021, Silver Lining converted 13,440 of a convertible note into 1,680 shares of Company s Class B Preferred Stock. 

On
July 26, 2022, William Crusoe converted 1,000 Class B Preferred Stock into common stock. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases 

During
each month within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, neither we nor any affiliated purchaser ,
as that term is defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, repurchased any of our common stock or other securities. 

Use
of Proceeds 

None. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis 

This
Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For
this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact including, without limitation, statements
under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the
Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, may be deemed
to be forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made
by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated
by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Our
auditors have issued a going concern opinion on the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. This means that our auditors
believe there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months from the date of issuance of
these financial statements unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have generated little revenue although
revenue is anticipated to grow as we have completed the development of our website, sourced out suppliers for products to sell and sourced
out customers to buy our products. Accordingly, we must raise cash from sources other than operations. Our only other source for cash
at this time is investments by others in our company and the revenue we generate from the sales of our products. We must raise cash to
continue our project and build our operations. 

Plan
of Operation Milestones 

We
are at an early stage of our new business operations. Over the next twelve months, our primary target milestones include: 

1 
 Continue
to achieve growth within our MicroBuddies vertical via ancillary gaming initiatives across a variety of interactive platforms
initiative. 

2 
 Continue
 to promote and increase players of the NFT Breeding game MicroBuddies to expand revenue generated by the various aspects of
 game play. In 2023, the Company has plans to expand the capabilities of the game to add value to the current player base and bring
 new players to the experience. 

15 

3 
 Launch
 the metaverse/virtual world gaming initiative within a well-established third party experience that has a large, already established,
 global reach. Continue to evaluate opportunities that have synergies to our existing business line and create continuing revenue
 streams. In 2023, the Company has plans to expand on the Minecraft and Roblox experiences and introduce new platforms
 for their branded games. In the future, the Company is planning to tie these experiences together creating comprehensive branded
 gaming experiences for the intellectual properties. 

Limited
operating history and need for additional capital 

There
is limited historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance relating to our new business
direction. We have generated little revenue. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject
to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due
to price and cost increases in services and products. 

Results
of Operations 

December
31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 

Working
 Capital 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Current Assets 
 941,348 
 2,417,300 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 426,385 
 305,645 
 
 Working Capital (Deficit) 
 514,963 
 2,111,655 

Operating
 Revenues 

We
have generated 9,609 in revenue in 2022 and 374,881 in revenue in the fiscal year of 2021, which reflects an decrease of 365,272 or
97.44 . The decrease in revenue was attributed to the decrease in activity on the Microbuddies game. 

Operating
 Expenses and Net Loss 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,657,407 compared with 1,310,441 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in operating expenses in the amount of 346,966 or 26.5 was attributable to a change in professional fees for advertising and promotion,
increase in Viaone monthly management fee, and charge for employee stock compensation program. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 2,107,901 compared with a net income of 338,408 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net loss in the amount of 2,446,309 or 723 was attributed to the decrease in revenues, the
recognition of impairment to the fair value of derivative liability in 2021, and the impairment cost of the Digital Assets in 2022. 

16 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s cash balance consisted of 931,868 compared to cash balance of 2,407,966 as of December 31,
2021. The decrease in the cash balance was attributed to the operating expenses paid for day-to-day activities. As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had ,1,055,996 in assets compared to total assets of 2,727,396 as at December 31, 2021. The decrease in total assets was
attributed to the sale of digital assets along with impairment costs associated with it. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had total liabilities of 426,385 compared with total liabilities of 305,645 as of December 31, 2021.
The increase in liabilities was attributed to operating expenses to be paid to run day-to-day activities. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has a working capital of 514,963 compared with a working capital of 2,111,655 as of December 31,
2021. The decrease in the working capital attributed to additional investor capital payments used for general working capital purposes. 

Cash
flow from Operating Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 1,513,675 of cash for operating activities compared to the use of cash in an amount
of 755,200 for operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 758,475 was attributed to the company s
increase in advertising and promotions and management fees 

Cash
flow from Investing Activities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company had 36,807 in cash used in investing activities compared to 248,999 in cash provided
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 285,806 or 115 in cash used in investing activities and the sale of digital assets
related to the creation of NFTs for MicroBuddies. 

Cash
flow from Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 769 of proceeds from financing activities compared to 3,409,860 during the year
ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 3,409,091 or 100 in proceeds from financing activities was attributed to the decrease in financing
that we received for day-to-day activities. 

Going
Concern 

We
have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities.
For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial statements that they have substantial doubt that we will
be able to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of these financial statements without further financing. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Future
Financings 

We
will continue to rely on equity sales of our preferred shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuance of additional
shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. 

There
is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our
operations and other activities. 

17 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements. Management s
estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We
have implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial
statements unless otherwise disclosed, and we do not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued
that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under
this item. 

18 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Index
 to Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 20 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 21 

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 22 

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 23 

Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 24 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 25 

19 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Good Gaming, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Good Gaming, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

As
discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s continuing operating losses, working capital deficiency and accumulated
deficit raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of the financial
statements. Management s plans are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
of Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined
there are no critical audit matters communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 7, 2023 

 PCAOB Firm ID: 

20 

Good
Gaming, Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 

 (Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Prepaid expenses- related party 

Total Current Assets 

Digital Assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Gaming Software, Net 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Derivative Liability 
 - 
 - 
 
 Notes Payable 
 - 

Convertible Debentures, current 
 - 
 - 
 
 Notes Payable - ViaOne Services 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Class A Preferred Stock 

Authorized: Preferred Shares, With a Par Value of Per Share Issued and Outstanding: Shares 

Class B Preferred Stock 

Authorized: Preferred Shares, With a Par Value of Per Share Issued and Outstanding: and Shares, respectively 

Class C Preferred Stock 

Authorized: Preferred Shares, With a Par Value of Per Share Issued and Outstanding: Shares 

Class D Preferred Stock 

Authorized: Authorized: 
 Preferred Shares, With a Par Value of 
 Per Share Issued and Outstanding: Shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class E Preferred Stock 

Authorized: Authorized: Preferred Shares, With a Par Value of Per Share Issued and Outstanding: Shares 

Preferred Stock, value 

Common Stock Authorized: 
 Common Shares, With a Par Value of 
 Per Share Issued and Outstanding: 
 and 
 Shares, respectively 

Warrant 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

21 

Good Gaming, Inc. 

 Statement
of Operations 

 (Expressed
in U.S Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

General Administrative 

Contract Labor 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Professional Fees 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Gain on Digital Assets 

Loss on Stock Conversion 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment Cost 
 
 - 
 
 Gain in Debt Settlement 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of Fixed Assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest Income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest Expense 
 - 

Gain (Loss) on Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability 
 - 

Total Other Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share, Basic and Diluted 
 
 - 
 
 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

22 

Good
Gaming, Inc. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

 (Expressed
in U.S Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments To Reconcile Net Loss to 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Adjustments To Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Change In Fair Value Of Derivative Liability 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on debt settlement 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gain on Digital Assets 

Impairment Cost 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Prepaid Expenses 

Accounts Payable 

Net Cash Provided By (Used in) Operating Activities 

Investing Activities 

Purchase of Digital Assets 

Selling Digital Assets 

Reclass Digital Assets 
 
 - 
 
 Selling Property and Equipment 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase Property and Equipment 
 - 

Net Cash Provided By (Used in) Investing Activities 

Financing Activities 

Conversion of Preferred Stock CL B to Common 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Debt to Common Shares 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of warrants 
 - 

Proceeds from investments 
 - 

Payment on Note Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Due To ViaOne Services 
 - 

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning Of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End Of Period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-Cash Investing And Financing Activities 

Conversion of Preferred Stock CL B to Common 
 - 

Conversion of Debt to Common Shares 
 - 

Conversion of Debt to Preferred Stock CL E shares 
 - 

Conversion of Debt to Preferred Stock CL B shares 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

23 

Good
Gaming, Inc. 

 Statements
of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 (Expressed
in U. S. Dollars) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Warrants 
 Additional 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Class
 C 
 Class
 D 
 Class
 E 

Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of preferred shares B to common shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock
 Based Compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of Debt to Preferred Stock CL E shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of Debt to Preferred Stock CL B shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of Debt to Common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Proceeds
 from issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Proceeds
 issuance of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of warrants to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Equity
 issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Beginning
 balance 

- 
 - 

Stock
 Based Compensation converted to common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion
 of preferred shares B to common shares 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 Net
 Income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 December 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Ending
 balance 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements 

24 

Good
Gaming, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Financial Statements 

 (expressed
in U.S. dollars) 

compared
to 2,111,655 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability to
raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the Company s future business. These factors raise
substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance of
these financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

. 

and potentially dilutive shares from outstanding convertible
debentures, respectively. 

to beginning in 2018.
On March 22, 2017, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 SAB 118 ), which provides guidance on how to
account for the effects of the U.S. Tax Reform Act under ASC 740. 

The
carrying values of all of our other financial instruments, which include accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and amounts due to
related parties approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 

and in advertising and promotion expenses in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

, which reflected impairment charges
compared to the carrying value of as of December 31, 2021, which reflected 0 impairment charges. 

to HGT Capital, LLC HGT ),
a non-related party. During the quarter ended June 30, 2015, the Company received the first in payment. The remaining 
payment would be made at the request of the borrower. No additional payments have been made as of September 30, 2018. Under the terms
of the debentures, the amount was unsecured and was due on . The note is currently in default and bears interest of 
per annum. of the average
of the five lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the thirty trading days ending one trading day prior to
the date the conversion notice was sent by the holder to the Company . On September 21, 2018, the Company entered into a modification
agreement with HGT with respect to the convertible promissory note which has a balance of . Pursuant to such modification agreement,
all defaults were waived and it was agreed that such note will convert at a discount to the market rather than the default rate.
HGT also agreed to certain sale restrictions which limit the number of shares that they can sell in any month for the next three months.
HGT also agreed to dismiss, with prejudice, the lawsuit that it had filed against the Company. On November 29, 2018, HGT converted 
of a convertible note into shares of the Company s common stock. On August 17, 2020, HGT converted of notes into
 shares of the Company s common stock. On September 9, 2020, HGT converted of notes into shares of the
Company s common stock. On November 11, 2020, HGT converted of notes into shares of the Company s common
stock. On December 18, 2020, HGT converted of notes into shares of the Company s common stock. On June 25, 2021,
HGT converted the remaining note balance of into shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company and ViaOne Services, LLC entered into a revolving convertible promissory note (the Revolving Note ).
The Company agrees to pay ViaOne the principal sum of or such a smaller amount as ViaOne may advance to the Company from time
to time under the Revolving Note, which is subject to a simple interest rate of per annum and will expire earlier on demand or the
third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. The Revolving Note (and any unpaid interest or liquidated damages amount) may be converted
into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of eighty-five percent of the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. On December 31, 2021, the Company amended the note to allow for the conversion of the
Note into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services, LLC converted the Revolving
Note into shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, terminating the Revolving Note. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a new Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective
Date ). For a monthly management fee of (the Monthly Management Fee ), ViaOne shall provide to the Company
services related to Company s human resources, payroll, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financial services for a period
of one year beginning on the Effective Date and automatically renewing for successive terms of one year each unless either party provides
90 days notice. ViaOne has the right to convert part or all of the Monthly Management Fee into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value per share at a Conversion Rate equal to of the Conversion Amount, divided by the Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price means, with respect to Management Fee, of the volume weighted average price VWAP for the 5 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. On December 31, 2021, the Company amended the note to allow for the conversion of the
Note into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective December 31, 2021, ViaOne Services, LLC converted the new
Employee Services Agreement Note into shares of the Company s Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Change in value 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 
 Change in value 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 

shares of Preferred B Stock into of the Company s common stock. 

On
May 18, 2021, Lincoln Acquisition converted shares of Preferred B Stock into of the Company s common stock. 

On
June 25, 2021, HGT converted of a convertible note into shares of the Company s common stock. 

On
July 21, 2021, William Schultz converted shares of Preferred B Stock into of the Company s common stock. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to David B. Dorwart for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Eric Brown for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Jordan Axt for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Domenic Edward Fontana for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to John D Hilzendager for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Alexandra M Dorwart for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Marjorie Greenhalgh for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Frances Lynn Martin for accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Kaitlyn Kazanjian as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Elizabeth Van Fossen as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Douglas Wathen as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Tim Bergman as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Samuel Joseph Schwieters as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Robert Welch as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Nuno Neto as accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Maria Iriarte Uriarte accrued compensation. 

On
August 24, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Infinity Global Consulting Group, Inc. as stock based compensation. 

On
September 03, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Netleon Technologies Private Limited as stock based compensation. 

On
September 03, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Whole Plant Systems, LLC as stock based compensation. 

On
September 03, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to J Ramsdell Consulting as stock based compensation. 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Armistice Capital LLC as part of closing the Private
Placement funding. 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC as part of closing
the Private Placement funding. 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Iroquois Master Fund LTD as part of closing the Private
Placement funding. 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to Bigger Capital Fund LP as part of closing the Private
Placement funding. 

On
November 16, 2021, the Company issued Company s common stock to District 2 Capital Fund LP as part of closing the Private
Placement funding. 

On
December 27, 2021, Armistice Capital LLC converted warrants into the Company s common stock. 

Equity
Transactions for the Year Ended December 31, 2022: 

On
August 17, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

On
August 23, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

On
October 5, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

On
November 8, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company issued Company s common stock to ViaOne employees as stock based compensation. 

shares of preferred stock, par value. Of the authorized
shares of preferred stock, the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is
 , with a stated par value of per share, the total number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock the Corporation shall
have the authority to issue is , with a stated par value of per share, the total number of shares of Series C Preferred
Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is , with a stated par value of per share, the total number of shares
of Series D Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is , with a stated par value of per share, and
the total number of shares of Series E Preferred Stock the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is , with a stated
par value of per share. Our Board of Directors is authorized, without further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of preferred
stock and to fix the designations, number, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and sinking fund terms. We believe that the Board of Directors 
power to set the terms of, and our ability to issue preferred stock, will provide flexibility in connection with possible financing or
acquisition transactions in the future. The issuance of preferred stock, however, could adversely affect the voting power of holders
of common stock and decrease the amount of any liquidation distribution to such holders. The presence of outstanding preferred stock
could also have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had shares of our Series A preferred stock, shares of Series B preferred stock, share of Series
C preferred stock, share of Series D preferred stock, and shares of Series E preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

The
 issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of common shares
for each Series A Preferred Share. The issued and outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of
common stock at a rate of common shares for each Series B Preferred Share. The issued and outstanding shares of Series E Preferred
Stock are convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of common shares for each Series E Preferred Share. shares . 

issued and outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock has voting rights equivalent to 51 of all shares entitled to vote and is
held by ViaOne Services LLC, a Company controlled by our CEO. 

per share) or
at the VWAP which shall be defined as the average of the five (5) lowest closing prices during the 20 days prior to conversion. We did
not have any share of Series D preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 . 

The
Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D have a liquidation preference to the common shareholders. 

convertible debenture issued to HGT Capital, LLC HGT ), the Company issued HGT a warrant to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share. This warrant was not exercised and expired on . 

As
part of the Private Placement funding, the Company issued two new warrants to Armistice Capital, LLC and Sabby Management to purchase
 and shares of the Company s common stock at per share, respectively. If the warrant is not exercised,
it will expire on . 

in the form of convertible debentures secured by certain
high-powered gaming machines purchased from XIDAX. Such note bore interest at a rate of per annum, payable in cash or kind at the
option of the Company, matured on , and was convertible into Series B Preferred shares at the option of the holder at any
time. Effective December 31, 2021, the Note was converted into shares of Series B preferred stock. 

On
November 30, 2016, ViaOne purchased a Secured Promissory Note equal to a maximum initial principal amount of issued by the Company
to ViaOne. As additional advances were made by ViaOne to the Company, the principal amount of the Note was increased to and
 by amendments dated January 31, 2017, and March 1, 2017, respectively. 

On
May 5, 2017, ViaOne delivered a default notice to the Company pursuant to Section 6 of the Note Purchase Agreement but has subsequently
extended the due date and has increased the funding up to One Million dollars. After giving the Company a fifteen (15) day
notice period to cure the default under the Stock Pledge Agreement, dated November 30, 2016, entered by and among the Company, CMG, and
ViaOne Pledge Agreement ), ViaOne took possession of the Series C Stock, which was subject of the Pledge Agreement. 

The
Secured Promissory Note as amended increased from time to time due to additional advances provided to the Company by ViaOne. 

On
September 1, 2017, the Company executed an amended Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne which stipulated that ViaOne would continue
providing to the Company services relating to the Company s human resources, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financing
for a monthly management fee of . This agreement was amended on January 1, 2018. The accrued monthly management fees, 
at December 31, 2017, are convertible by ViaOne into the Company s common stock at a rate of of the accrued fees at a conversion
price of (i) per share; or (ii) the volume-weighted adjusted price VWAP of the common stock on the 14th day of
each month if the 14th of that month is a trading day. In the event the 14th day of a month falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or a trading
holiday, the VWAP of the Common Stock will be valued on the last trading day before the 14th day of the month. The agreement was terminated
on August 31, 2021. 

On
September 27, 2018, the Company and ViaOne entered into a Line of Credit Agreement (the LOC Agreement ), pursuant to which
the Company issued a secured promissory note with the initial principal amount of to ViaOne in exchange for a loan of 
(the Initial Loan Amount ). In accordance with this Agreement, the Company may request ViaOne to provide loans of up to
 , including the Initial Loan Amount, and ViaOne has the right to decide whether it will honor such request. The Initial Loan
Amount became due on (the Maturity Date and bore an interest rate of per annum. The unpaid principal
and interest of the Promissory Note after the Maturity Date accrued interest at a rate of per annum. The principal amount of the
Promissory Note may increase from time to time up to in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement. In connection
with the Agreement and Promissory Note, the Company and ViaOne executed a security agreement dated September 27, 2018, whereby the Company
granted ViaOne a security interest in all of its assets, including without limitation, cash, inventory, account receivables, real property,
and intellectual properties, to secure the repayment of the loans made pursuant to the LOC Agreement and Promissory Note. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a new Employee Services Agreement with ViaOne effective as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective
Date ). For a monthly management fee of (the Monthly Management Fee ), ViaOne shall provide to the Company
services related to Company s human resources, payroll, marketing, advertising, accounting, and financial services for a period
of one year beginning on the Effective Date and automatically renewing for successive terms of one year each unless either party provides
90 days notice. ViaOne has the right to convert part or all of the Monthly Management Fee into shares of the Company s common
stock, par value per share at a Conversion Rate equal to of the Conversion Amount, divided by the Conversion Price. The Conversion
Price means, with respect to Management Fee, of the volume weighted average price VWAP for the 5 trading days immediately
prior to the date of the notice of conversion. 

On
September 30, 2021, the Company and ViaOne entered into a revolving convertible promissory note (the Revolving Note ). The
Company agrees to pay ViaOne the principal sum of or such a smaller amount as ViaOne may advance to the Company from time
to time under the Revolving Note, which is subject to a simple interest rate of per annum and will expire earlier on demand or the
third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. The Company granted ViaOne warrants to purchase the shares of Common Stocks at
an exercise price of , a premium of to the closing bid price of the Common Stock the trading day prior to the execution of the
Revolving Note. Payment of all obligations under the Revolving Note is secured by a security interest granted to ViaOne by the Company
in all of the right, title and interest of the Company in all of the assets of the Company currently owned or acquired hereafter. The
Revolving Note (and any unpaid interest or liquidated damages amount) may be converted into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price
of eighty-five percent of the VWAP for the five trading days immediately prior to the date of the notice of conversion. The
Revolving Note contains customary events of default, including, among others, the failure by the Company to make a payment of principal
or interest when due. Following an event of default, ViaOne is entitled to accelerate the entire indebtedness under the Revolving Note.
The restrictions are also subject to certain additional qualifications and carve outs, as set forth in the Revolving Note. 

On
December 31, 2021, the Company amended the both original and new Employee Service Agreements, Secured Promissory Note, and Revolving
Convertible Promissory Note to allow for the conversion of Notes into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Effective
December 31, 2021, the original Employee Service Agreement was converted into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred
Stocks and the new Employee Service Agreement was converted into shares of the Company s Series E Preferred Stocks. Additionally,
Secured Promissory Note and Revolving Convertible Note was converted into and shares of the Company s Series E Preferred
Stocks, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company doesn t owe anything to ViaOne Services. 

The
Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is the Chairman of ViaOne. 

available to offset taxable income in future years which
commence expiring in fiscal 2030. 

The
U.S. Tax Reform Act amends the Internal Revenue Code to reduce tax rates and modify policies, credits, and deductions for individuals
and business. For businesses, the Act reduces the corporate tax rate from a maximum of to a flat rate. The rate reduction is
effective on January 1, 2018. As a result of the rate reduction, the Company has reduced the deferred tax asset balance as of December
31, 2017 by . As a result of the full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets, there was a corresponding adjustment
to the valuation allowance for this same amount. Therefore, there is no impact on the Company s 2017 earnings for the law change. 

Valuation allowance 

Net Deferred Tax Asset 
 - 
 - 

The
income tax benefit has been computed by applying the weighted average income tax rates of Canada (federal and provincial statutory rates)
and of the United States (federal and state rates) of to a net loss before income taxes calculated for each jurisdiction. The tax
effects of significant temporary differences, which comprise future tax assets and liabilities, are as follows: 

Valuation allowance change 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

36 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, and in light of the material weaknesses found in our internal
controls over financial reporting, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

We
believe we have applied procedures and processes as necessary to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting regarding this annual
report. Accordingly, the Company believes, based on its knowledge, that: (i) this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; and (ii) the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows as of and for the periods presented in this annual report. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022
using the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022, the Company determined that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. 
 We
 do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management s
 view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is the important entity-level control over the Company s financial
 statements. Currently, the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered
 to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. 
 We
 did not maintain appropriate cash controls Until June 30, 2017, we did not maintain sufficient internal controls over
 financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions, and did not require
 dual signature on our bank accounts. From June 30, 2017 through December 31, 2018, due to the change in corporate officers and board
 of directors, we have implemented appropriate cash controls and enforced separation of accounting functions to appropriately maintain
 cash controls. 

37 

3. 
 We
 implemented appropriate information technology controls As of December 31, 2022, we retain copies of all financial data
 and material agreements. There is a formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of our data or off-site storage of the data in
 the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly,
we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

As
a result of the material weaknesses described above, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

Continuing
Remediation Efforts to address deficiencies in Company s Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company has engaged in a business of merit and has sufficient personnel available. Our Board of Directors, in particular, has established
the following remediation measures in connection with the aforementioned deficiencies: 

1. 
 Our
 Board of Directors has nominated a financial expert on our Board of Directors. 

2. 
 We
 have appointed additional personnel to assist with the preparation of our monthly financial reporting, which includes preparation
 of the monthly bank reconciliations. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
are no recent changes in internal controls. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION DATA 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Our
directors shall serve on the Board of Directors until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are appointed by our Board
of Directors. The following table provides the names, positions and ages of our directors and officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Dorwart 
 
 63 
 
 CEO,
 Director 

Domenic
 Fontana 
 
 42 
 
 CFO,
 Director 

Jordan
 Axt 
 
 42 
 
 CMO,
 Director 

David
 Sterling 
 
 57 
 
 COO,
 Director 

38 

We
have no knowledge of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent
date result in a change in our control. We are not, to the best of our knowledge, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another
corporation or foreign government. 

David
Dorwart, CEO and Director 

David
Dorwart from January 2011 to the present, is the Chairman of the Board of Assist Wireless, a company based in Fort Worth, Texas that
is a leading provider of lifeline phone service for individuals and families who qualify for government assistance. They are one of the
fastest growing wireless providers in the telecommunications industry targeting the unbanked/underbanked and credit-challenged consumer
demographic. In addition, Mr. Dorwart, since 2010, is the President and CEO of Acacia Energy, LLC. A provider of electric service to
Customers in the Texas deregulated areas. Acacia Energy provides services to both the residential and small commercial businesses. Also
since 2010, David Dorwart has been the CEO of PayGo Distributors, LLC, a distribution company with over 100 Independent Sales Organizations
under their management. PayGO focuses on distributing prepaid Electric, Home Phone and Wireless Services to residential Customers within
the United States. Since 2009, he has been the CEO of Britton Associates, a full-service Construction Consulting Firm. They specialize
in the resolution of construction claims and construction disputes throughout the United States. From 1999 to 2009, he was the Founder,
President CEO of dPi Teleconnect/dPi Energy, LLC. He graduated from University of Delaware with a B.S. in Business. 

Domenic
Fontana, CFO and Director 

Domenic
Fontana is currently Sr. Vice President of ViaOne Services and a board member. He is an experienced CPA and financial executive who has
worked in progressively more advanced executive roles throughout his career. Having worked at Verizon, Ebay and now ViaOne Services over
the last 14 years, he has developed intimate and extensive knowledge of executive level management and the telecommunications industry.
He has worked in all aspects of Finance, Accounting, Treasury, and Operations. 

Jordan
Axt, CMO and Director 

Jordan
Axt is a results-producing marketing professional with over 19 years of experience successfully developing marketing and branding strategies.
He has been consistently noted by executives, colleagues, and journalists for his specific expertise in bringing products and services
online with a comprehensive digital go-to-market strategy. He has previously held executive level positions as Director of Marketing
for ProfitPoint Inc. and Clutch Holdings LLC. He is Vice President of Marketing of ViaOne Services where he develops all marketing and
customer acquisition strategies for 14 consumer facing brands. 

David
Sterling, COO and Director 

 On
January 10, 2022 David Sterling was appointed as COO of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, he was a Managing Director for Chicago4Real
Entertainment LLC Chicago4Real from January 2020 until December 2021, where he created and managed a fully integrated
content development studio producing live-streaming and on-demand original programming. Prior to his time at Chicago4Real, from January
2015 until December 2020, he was Managing Director at LOOT Interactive LLC. He has over 25 years of experience which includes developing
and expanding innovative content products for live and on-demand streaming, cross-platform gaming (mobile, console, PC, streaming), VR,
AR, podcasting, non-profit outreach, and diverse lifestyle genres. On the marketing side, he also has leadership experience in the direct-to-consumer
content development industry. 

39 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, David Dorwart, Domenic Fontana, Jordan Axt, and David Sterling have not been the subject of the following events: 

A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
 at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

Convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

The
 subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities; 

Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

Engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

The
 subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
 suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph
 3.i in the preceding paragraph or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

Was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities
 law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

40 

Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order, or 

Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have a separately designated audit committee. Accordingly, our board of directors is deemed our audit committee as provided for
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a corporate code of ethics. We believe our code of ethics is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote honest
and ethical conduct; provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports; comply with applicable laws;
ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations; and provide accountability for adherence to the code. 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than
10 of our equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms
they file. Based on our review of the copies of such forms we received, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017,
we have not complied with such filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors. We plan to comply with such filing requirements
in the future. 

Director
Independence 

We
do not have any independent directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of the officers, directors, or consultants. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Our
officers and directors are also officers/directors of ViaOne Services and therefore, will devote time to projects that do not involve
us. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
members of our Board of Directors are not compensated for their services as directors. The Board has not implemented a plan to award
options to any directors. There are no contractual arrangements with any member of the Board of Directors. We have no director service
contracts. We do not currently have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. 

41 

Indemnification 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding,
including a lawsuit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner, he reasonably believed to be in our best interest.
We may advance expenses incurred in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in
a proceeding as to which he is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney s fees.
With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding,
and if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted
by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Regarding
indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Nevada
law, we are informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against public policy, as expressed
in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

We
are not categorized as a shell company as that term is defined in Reg. 405 of the Act. A shell company is
a corporation with no or nominal assets or its assets consist solely of cash, and no or nominal operations. 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following tables set forth, for each of the last two completed fiscal years of us, the total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid
to any person who was a principal executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and every other highest compensated executive officers
earning more than 100,000 during the last fiscal year (together, the Named Executive Officers ). The tables set forth below
reflect the compensation of the Named Executive Officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

David 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Dorwart 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 58,217 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 58,217 

Domenic 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Fontana 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 12,466 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 12,466 

Jordan 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Axt 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 12,466 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 12,466 

David 
 2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Sterling 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 9,376 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 9,376 

42 

Compensation
policies and practices as related to risk management 

Not
applicable. 

Stock
Option Plan 

On
April 30, 2018, the holder of one (1) share of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company that entitles such holder to vote a majority of
the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company s approved by written consent that the Company adopts the 2018 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan under which the Board may decide at its sole discretion to grant equity awards to certain
employees and consultants as set forth in the 2018 Plan. The description of the 2018 Plan does not purport to be complete and is incorporated
herein by reference to a current report on form 8-k filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 4, 2018. 

On
March 7, 2022, the holder of one (1) share of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company that entitles such holder to vote a majority of
the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Company s approved by written consent that the Company adopt 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan (the 2022 Plan ), which replaced the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. There are 30,000,000 shares authorized under the 2022
Plan, which is an increase from 10,000,000 authorized under the 2018 Plan. Under the 2022 Plan, the board of directors of the Company
(the Board may decide at its sole discretion to grant equity awards to certain employees and consultants, including employees
and consultants of ViaOne Services, Inc., who are also deemed consultants of the Company. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

There
were no plan-based awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table summarizes outstanding unexercised options, unvested stocks and equity incentive plan awards held by each of our named
executive officers, as of December 31, 2022: 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Options Exercise Prices ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Been Issued (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Been Issued ) 
 
 David 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dorwart 

Domenic 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fontana 

Jordan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Axt 

David 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sterling 

43 

Potential payments upon termination or change in control 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have
no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive
officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. There are no agreements,
contracts, plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provide for payment(s) to for directors or executive officers at,
following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of such for directors or executive officers, or a change
in control of the Company or a change in the directors or executive officers responsibilities following a change in control. 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Beneficial Owners 

The
following table sets forth the number of and percent of our common stock beneficially owned by as of March 31, 2023 

all
 directors and nominees, naming them, 

our
 executive officers, 

our
 directors and executive officers as a group, without naming them, and 

persons
 or groups known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our common stock 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of the respective table. For purposes of computing the percentage
of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons
has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of the respective table is deemed to be outstanding for such person, but is not deemed
to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed
as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each beneficial owner listed is 415 McFarlan Road, Suite 108, Kennett Square, PA 19348. Except
as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have the sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock
owned by them, except to the extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 113,142,559 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class(2) 
 
 Common stock 
 David Dorwart(1) 
 6,654,496 
 5.88 
 
 Common stock 
 Domenic Fontana 
 884,054 
 0.78 
 
 Common stock 
 Jordan Axt 
 883,760 
 0.78 
 
 Common stock 
 David Sterling 
 286,598 
 0.25 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (four persons) 
 8,708,908 
 7.70 

(1) 
 Held
 through ViaOne, SilverLinings Management, and Britton Associates in the respective amounts of 1,369,167 1,500,000 and 1,000,000 shares. 

(2) 
 Based on 113,142,559 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following table sets forth information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise prices of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 

44 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
shares owned by ViaOne and SilverLinings Management are deemed to be beneficially owned by our CEO, David Dorwart, as he owned over 5 
of shares. The Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is the Chairman of ViaOne. 

No
other companies, directors or executive officers, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5 of
our outstanding shares of common stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, have any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected
or will affect us. 

With
regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in the following manor: 

- 
 Disclosing
 such transactions in reports where required; 

- 
 Disclosing
 in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; 

- 
 Obtaining
 disinterested directors consent; and 

- 
 Obtaining
 shareholder consent where required. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently do not have any directors who are independent . 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

1) 
 Audit
 and Audit Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for our audit
of annual financial statements and review of interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Qs or services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years
was: 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 AMOUNT 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FIRM 

2022 
 4,500 
 Victor Mokuolu CPA, PLLC 
 
 2021 
 11,500 
 Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC 

(2) 
 Tax
 Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance,
tax advice, and tax planning was: 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 AMOUNT 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 2022 
 - 
 Victor Mokuolu CPA, PLLC 
 
 2021 
 - 
 Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC 

45 

(3) 
 All
 Other Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for the products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported in paragraphs (1) and (2) was: 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 
 AMOUNT 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 2022 
 - 
 Victor Mokuolu CPA, PLLC 
 
 2021 
 - 
 Victor Mokuolu, CPA PLLC 

(4) 
 Our
 audit committee s pre-approval policies and procedures described in paragraph (c)(7)(i) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X were
 that the audit committee pre-approved all accounting related activities prior to the performance of any services by any accountant
 or auditor. 

(5) 
 The
 percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent
 fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full time, permanent employees
 was 0 . 

Part
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(1)
List of Financial statements included in Part II hereof: 

Balance Sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Notes to the Financial Statements 

(2)
List of Financial Statement schedules included in Part IV hereof: None. 

(3)
Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are included herewith: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (2) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (3) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Documen 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2018. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on March 24, 2009. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Form 10-k filed on March 29, 2011. 

ITEM
16.FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on April 7, 2023. 

Good
 Gaming, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 David B. Dorwart 

David
 Dorwart 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David B. Dorwart 

David
 Dorwart 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/
 Domenic Fontana 

Domenic
 Fontana 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/
 Jordan Axt 

Jordan
 Axt 
 
 Chief
Marketing Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ David Sterling 

David Sterling 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

47 

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Dorwart, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Good Gaming, Inc.; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b.
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David B. Dorwart 

David
 Dorwart 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Domenic Fontana, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Good Gaming, Inc.; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a.
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d.
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b.
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Domenic Fontana 

Domenic
 Fontana 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Dorwart, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Good Gaming, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David B. Dorwart 

David
 Dorwart 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Domenic Fontana, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

1. 
 The
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Good Gaming, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Domenic Fontana 

Domenic
 Fontana 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 gmer-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 gmer-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 gmer-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 gmer-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

