<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230630_10-K_edgar_data_1084551_0001683168-23-004574.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2881445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105992</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>605855</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>662624</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>635144</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>795525</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004574.hdr.sgml : 20230630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230630122457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Community Redevelopment Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084551
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LAND SUBDIVIDERS & DEVELOPERS (NO CEMETERIES) [6552]
		IRS NUMBER:				852629422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OK
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26439
		FILM NUMBER:		231060592

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 BISCAYNE BLVD. 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-210-9438

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 BISCAYNE BLVD. 2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Crosswind Renewable Energy Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STEALTH MEDIALABS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KIDSTOYSPLUS COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990617

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004574.txt : 20230630

10-K
 1
 crdv_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________,
to ______________. 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

N/A 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required
a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock outstanding,
other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for
the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported on the OTC Markets Group, Inc., was . 

As of June 29, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 1 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 1 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 1 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 1 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 2 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 2 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 14 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 14 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 15 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 15 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 16 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 18 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 19 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 19 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 20 
 
 Signatures 
 21 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements contained
in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

The implementation of our strategic
 plans for our business; 

Our financial performance; 

Developments relating to our competitors and our industry,
 including the impact of government regulation; 

Estimates of our expenses, future revenues, capital
 requirements and our needs for additional financing; and 

Other risks and uncertainties, including those listed
 under the captions Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations. 

Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Community Redevelopment,
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Oklahoma on August 16 th , 2010, under the name Crosswind Renewable Energy Corp. At the
time of its creation, the Company had been engaged in marketing renewable energy, sales, and marketing of turbines, lighting, and solar
energy sources. On July 6 th , 2020, the company completed a transaction whereby the core business of the Company is now that
of the newly merged business. Community Redevelopment, Inc. operates as a community-oriented real estate redeveloper targeting economic
growth and opportunity zones in secondary and tertiary value-added markets. The Company s name was formally changed to Community
Redevelopment Inc. (CRDV) on June 24th, 2020, as part of the overall transaction and to reflect the new mission of the company. 

We were established to build
upon community assets through thoughtful acquisition and development of undervalued real estate. Our experienced team has dedicated their
careers to constructing high-quality mixed-use, multifamily residential, and commercial properties in one of the top metropolitan regions
as well as have deep roots in the real estate acquisition and development. Our vision is to integrate our real estate development proprietary
business model across multiple verticals in finance, technology, and real estate. This will provide long-term value to investors while
staying true to our mission of enhancing communities. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company
this is not required. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
executive offices in Bethesda, Maryland. This office belongs to our CEO Richard Balles and there is no charge
for use to the Company. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On May 20 th ,
2023, our CEO was made aware of a lawsuit by an ex-employee of the Company. The Company resolutely rejects the monetary claim for monies
owed and while willing to negotiate in good faith, shall defend itself against said lawsuit and is now seeking dismissal of the same. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

1 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades
on the OTC Market Group under the symbol CRDV . The OTC Market is a network of security dealers who buy and sell stock.
The dealers are connected by a computer network that provides information on current bids and asks, as well
as volume information. The trading of securities on the OTC Pink is often sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying and selling
our shares or obtaining market quotations for them, which may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Shareholders 

Our shares of common stock
are issued in registered form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is Signature Stock Transfer, 14673 Midway
Rd #220, Addison, Texas 75001. On December 31 st , 2022, the shareholders' list of our shares of common stock showed 148 registered
holders of our shares of common stock and 73,390,321 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION
CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT REFLECT OUR PLANS, ESTIMATES AND BELIEFS. OUR ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE
DISCUSSED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE OR CONTRIBUTE TO SUCH DIFFERENCES INCLUDE THOSE DISCUSSED BELOW
AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report on Form
10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other
Federal securities laws and is subject to the safe-harbor created by such Act and laws. Forward-looking statements may include
statements regarding our goals, beliefs, strategies, objectives, plans, including product and technology developments, future financial
conditions, results or projections or current expectations These forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, should, potential, continue, expects, 
 anticipates, intends, plans, believes, estimates, and similar expressions.
These statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected-in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity, performance or achievements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required by law. In light of these assumptions,
risks, and uncertainties, the forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur and actual results and events may vary
significantly from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Implications of Being an Emerging Growth
Company 

We are an Emerging Growth
Company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. We will continue to be an emerging
growth company until: (i) the last day of our fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of at least 1.07 billion;
(ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an
effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued
more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, as defined in
Section 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which means the market value of our common stock
that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

As an emerging growth company,
we are exempt from: 

Sections
 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act, which require companies to hold stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden
 parachute compensation. 

The
 requirement to provide, in any registration statement, periodic report or other reports to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, or the Commission or SEC , certain modified executive compensation disclosure under Item 402
 of Regulation S-K or selected financial data under Item 301 of Regulation S-K for any period before the earliest audited period presented
 in our initial registration statement. 

Compliance
 with new or revised accounting standards until those standards are applicable to private companies; 

The
 requirement under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to provide auditor attestation of
 our internal controls and procedures; and 

Any
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB , rules regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or an expanded auditor
 report, and any other PCAOB rules subsequently adopted unless the Commission determines the new rules are necessary for protecting
 the public. 

We have elected to use the
extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act. 

We are also a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide selected financial
data pursuant to Item 301 of Regulation S-K, nor are we required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We are also permitted to provide certain modified executive compensation disclosure under Item 402
of Regulation S-K. 

3 

Company Overview 

Community Redevelopment,
Inc. was formed on August 16, 2010, as Crosswind Renewable Energy Corp. an Oklahoma corporation and was formally renamed as Community
Redevelopment Inc. on June 24, 2020. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ). We were established to build upon community assets through real estate, financial services and technology.
Our experienced team has dedicated their careers to constructing high-quality mixed-use, multifamily residential, and commercial properties
in top metropolitan regions as well as have deep roots in technology and finance industries. Our vision is to integrate our real estate
development proprietary business model across multiple verticals in finance, technology, and real estate. This will provide long-term
value to investors while staying true to our mission of enhancing communities. 

Our focus is to invest primarily
in real estate, utilizing modern technology and finance opportunities for our respective properties. Our board of directors will at all
times have oversight and policy-making authority over us, including responsibility for governance, financial controls, compliance and
disclosure. 

On September 20, 2021, the
Company executed a Merger Agreement with Red Hills Capital Advisors, LLC, by which the Company has now acquired a portfolio of membership
interests in six commercial, retail, multifamily and mixed-use properties, in revitalized areas in the Washington, DC Metro area. All
the properties were both partially occupied and under continued development. 

On
June 28th, 2022, as part of restructuring plan in an effort to reorient the company assets, the Company came to the conclusion that the
Company s expectations regarding infusion of available financing had not materialized, to the harm of Community Redevelopment Inc.,
and that further attempted continuation of said Agreement with Red Hills Capital Advisors LLC was of no value and in fact detrimental
to the overall financial condition of the Company. As such, management made the decision to Rescind the September 21 st , 2021
Agreement with Red Hills placing these interests into our Company. 

As
such, by the Rescission Agreement removing Red Hills as part of the Company, the above-listed assets were removed from the company as
part of this first phase of restructuring during this third Quarter of 2022. As it was a Rescission, all 18.5 million shares issued to
Red Hills as consideration for these removed assets were returned to the Treasury of the Company, placing each side exactly as they were
just prior to said Agreement. 

On September 30th, 2022,
the Company, through one of its subsidiaries, acquired 100 interest in 1000 18th St, NE 2020, LLC. , the
titled holder of the real property 1000 18 th St NE, Washington, DC . The purchase price for this acquisition was 379,691,
which was exchanged for 6,328,181 common shares of the Company . The property held within the acquired
LLC is a 10-unit multifamily residence currently under development. We accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. We measured
the value of the acquired physical assets (restricted cash, prepaid insurance, land, and building) and the liabilities assumed (Mortgages,
net) by allocating the total cost of the acquisition on a relative fair value basis. 

On September 30th, 2022,
the Company, through one of its subsidiaries, acquired 100 interest in 1320 8 th St Fund LLC. , the
titled holder of the real property 1320 8 th St NW, Washington, DC . The purchase price for this acquisition was 583,128,
which was exchanged for 9,718,808 shares. The property held within the acquired LLC is a 10-unit multifamily residence currently under
development. We accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. We measured the value of the acquired physical assets (restricted
cash, prepaid insurance, land, and building) and the liabilities assumed (Mortgages, net) by allocating the total cost of the acquisition
on a relative fair value basis. 

4 

Community Redevelopment
can help impact economic mobility by focusing on partnerships between the public and private sector to generate both business interest
and business activity in low-income neighborhoods that have gone unnoticed by the development community at large while repairing and
mending relationships in these underserved communities. Our Company intends to work with other real estate developers, as well as local
and state government agencies to implement the community s vision for our projects. We are confident in our ability to deliver
community-centric projects because we have built a team that understands the challenges facing underserved communities from living and
working in them. 

Our Company is graciously
endowed with an expert management team that has extensive experience in acquiring, developing, constructing, and managing high-quality
multifamily, and retail properties in attractive markets throughout the Mid-Atlantic United States. The Company is focused on all aspects
of the real estate development cycle including land development, design-build, property operations, and site redevelopment. In addition
to the ownership of our operating property portfolio, Community Redevelopment plans to develop and build desirable properties for its
own account and through ventures with affiliated and unaffiliated partners. 

Community Redevelopment,
Inc. is focused on community development in urban and suburban markets and our mission is to integrate our proprietary business model
by providing sustainable, long-term value to investors as we strive to provide opportunities to improve neighborhoods with residential,
commercial, and industrial development projects while designing architecturally pleasing, clean, energy-efficient communities and commercial
structures. 

Properties Acquired by the Red Hills Capital
Advisors LLC. 

As of September 20, 2021,
we acquired membership interests in advance in real estate. The Consideration for this transaction on the part of the Company was the
issuance of 17,750,000 common shares and 1,000,000 Preferred shares with 1:1 conversion, and 30:1 voting ratio. The stock value of the
investment is described below: 

Ownership 
 The Company s Investment 
 
 Venture 
 Interest 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Red Hills Capital Advisors: 

Fort
 Washington Livingston Pace, LLC (1) 
 24.50 
 5,066,359 

Suitland Holdings Pace A and Pace B, LLC 
 24.50 
 2,236,430 

Velocity Ventures, LLC 
 49.00 
 302,482 

Marlow Heights Branch Pace, LLC 
 24.50 
 671,576 

Capheights Hill Pace, LLC 
 24.50 
 134,750 

Capheights
 Central Dev, LLC (2) 
 24.50 
 5,320,331 

Capheights Velocity Services, LLC 
 24.50 
 465,872 

COZ
 Manager, LLC (2) 
 12.25 
 4,273,439 

Total 
 
 18,471,239 

On June 28th, 2022,
as part of restructuring plan in an effort to reorient the company assets, the Company came to the conclusion that the Company s
expectations regarding infusion of available financing had not materialized, to the harm of Community Redevelopment Inc., and that further
attempted continuation of said Agreement was of no value and in fact detrimental to the overall financial condition of the Company. As
such, management made the decision to Rescind the September 21 st , 2021 Agreement with Red Hills placing these interests into
our Company. 

As such, by the Rescission
Agreement removing Red Hills as part of the Company, the above-listed assets were removed from the company as part of this first phase
of restructuring during this third Quarter of 2022. As it was a Rescission, all 18.5 million shares issued to Red Hills as consideration
for these removed assets are to be returned to the Treasury of the Company, placing each side in a state of equipoise exactly as they
were just prior to said Agreement. 

5 

Community Redevelopment
owns membership interests in multiple properties in the Washington DC metropolitan region, which are comprised of retail, multifamily,
and mixed-use development projects. Our acquisition strategy is based on acquiring quality, well-positioned real estate in markets with
robust growth and demographics, anchored by strong tenants. The Washington D.C. metropolitan area remains strong as a result of increased
government spending. These properties are located in a market that is thriving and generating robust job growth with significant demand
for housing. 

Community Redevelopment
Inc. is currently seeking additional opportunities in the Washington DC real estate market. Community Redevelopment's acquisition strategy
is based on acquiring quality, well-positioned real estate in markets with robust growth and demographics, anchored by strong tenants.
Our aim is to approach acquisition and development thoughtfully by developing and acquiring high-quality, well-located projects at cost,
for its stabilized portfolio or to sell with full market value-added for a profit. The Company may also partner with other developers
to build or acquire fractional or membership interests in economically viable projects. Community Redevelopment s business model
creates a tremendous advantage in the marketplace while providing long-term value. Our ability to acquire and develop single and multi-family
rental properties that can either be held by us or sold to regional and national companies, further strengthens our market standing.
We believe our strategy of working with federal, state, and local governments, as well as community leaders and other developers in our
principal geographic areas and our targeted areas for expansion, will provide us with a diverse product portfolio and an opportunity
to increase our overall market share and value. 

Community Redevelopment,
Inc. is not an opportunity zone fund or a real estate investment trust. Community Redevelopment, Inc. is a real estate developer offering
potential investors an opportunity to participate in the process of investing in real estate projects that could improve the quality
of life for residents of low-income neighborhoods, via a publicly traded company. The Company intends to work with other real estate
developers, as well as local and state government agencies to complete its projects in these communities. 

Community Redevelopment,
Inc. operates as a community-oriented real estate redeveloper targeting economic growth and opportunity zones in secondary and tertiary
value-added markets. The Company is primarily focused on opportunity zones in an effort to bring commerce and affordable housing to underserved
areas. Community Redevelopment plans to provide numerous opportunities to improve low-income neighborhoods for residential, commercial,
and industrial opportunities through government incentives, long-term partnerships, and agreements. Our mission is to rebuild depressed,
underserved communities, improve the quality of life in those markets, and provide our investors with an opportunity to profit. We intend
to accomplish this by focusing on partnerships between the public and private sector to generate both business interest and business
activity in low-income neighborhoods that have gone unnoticed by the development community at large while repairing and mending relationships
in these underserved communities. 

The Company is not a shell
company, since its filing of its Form 10 with the SEC on January 19, 2021, and has formal operations, emplaced Board, an Audit
Committee and actively pursuing several current projects, despite having no significant cash on hand since the change in control of July
6 th , 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 150,841 in cash. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as it is subject to those requirements. 

The Company s current
management believes the advantages of being a publicly held corporation will enable it to project further and faster growth during this
market downturn. The Company s principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through community-private partnerships within different US jurisdictions. 

During the remainder of
the fiscal year and beyond such time, we anticipate incurring costs related to the filing of Exchange Act reports, and investigating,
analyzing, and consummating further local partnerships. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through the use of funds to be
loaned by or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. Our management and stockholders have indicated their
intent to advance funds on behalf of the Company as needed in order to accomplish its business plan and comply with its Exchange Act
reporting requirements; however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company and our management and stockholders specifically
requiring that they provide any funds to the Company. As a result, there are no assurances that such funds will be advanced or that the
Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. 

6 

While the Company has limited
assets and no revenues to date, the Company has an exceptionally experienced management in finance, politics, and business and has unrestricted
flexibility in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential urban renewal opportunities in the area of community redevelopment.
In its efforts to analyze potential ventures, the Company will consider the following kinds of factors: 

(a)
potential for growth, indicated by local need and assigned local, state or federal funding and incentives towards urban renewal in that
given locale. 

(b)
competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the industry
as a whole. 

(c)
strength and diversity of current management. 

(d)
capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through ventures
or similar arrangements, sales of securities, or from other sources. 

(e)
the extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; and 

In applying the foregoing
criteria, not one of which will be definitive, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination
based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available urban renewal opportunities may occur in many
different locales, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of
such urban renewal opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Registrant s limited capital available for investigation,
the Registrant may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be engaged. In addition, we will be competing
against other entities that possess greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities for identifying and completing new projects. 

In evaluating a prospective
new project, we will conduct as extensive a due diligence review of potential targets as possible given our dependence upon the ever-changing
city, state, and federal funding initiatives for urban redevelopment and our limited financial resources. We expect that our due diligence
will encompass, among other things, meetings with the local government officials and inspection of its neighborhoods and infrastructure,
as necessary, as well as a review of financial, government statistical data and other information which is made available to us. This
due diligence review will be conducted primarily by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, including but not
limited to attorneys, accountants, consultants or other such professionals. The costs associated with hiring third parties as required
to complete a new project may be significant and are difficult to determine as such costs may vary depending on a variety of factors,
including the locale, amount of time it takes to complete a new project, the location of the project, and the size and complexity of
the business of the project. As of the date of this filing, the Company has identified several potential business opportunities. 

The time and costs required
to select and evaluate a target project and to structure and complete a new project cannot presently be ascertained with any degree of
certainty. The amount of time it takes to complete a new project, the location of the project, the size and complexity of the project
neighborhood, the scope of city, state, and federal regulations, and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously with the transaction
are all factors that determine the costs associated with completing a new project transaction. The time and costs required to complete
a new project can be estimated once a new project target has been identified. Any costs incurred with respect to the evaluation of a
prospective new project that is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us. 

Through information obtained
from industry professionals including attorneys, architects, developers, appraisers, accountants, commercial and residential real estate
brokers, builders, engineers as well as other consultants with experience in the urban redevelopment sphere, there are literally thousands
of new potential projects, and the aim of the management is to filter through these for the most reasonably achievable urban renewal
projects. 

7 

We are and will continue
for the foreseeable future to be, an insignificant participant on the national level of public-private urban renewal. 

Nearly all similar companies
have significantly greater financial resources; consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible urban
renewal opportunities and successfully completing a new project. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying
and consummating a successful new project. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying audited
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S.
GAAP for annual financial statement presentation and in accordance with Form 10-K. Accordingly, they include all of the information
and footnotes required in annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, the audited financial statements contain all adjustments
(consisting only of normal recurring accruals) necessary to present fairly the financial position and results of operations and cash
flows. The results of operations presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other interim period
or for the entire year. These audited financial statements should be read in conjunction with our December 31 st , 2021 audited
financial statements. 

Going Concern 

Due to the uncertainty of
our ability to meet our current operating and capital expenses, our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their report
on the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going
concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our
independent auditors. 

Our audited condensed financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the
normal course of business. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profitable operations
in the future and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business
operations when they become due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time and raise substantial
doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our audited financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amount
and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance
that our operations will be profitable. Our continued existence and plans for future growth depend on our ability to obtain the additional
capital necessary to operate either through the generation of revenue or the issuance of additional debt or equity. 

Our future growth is dependent
upon achieving further development projects and execution of development projects, engaging other company related opportunities, management
of operating expenses, and the ability of the Company to obtain the necessary financing to fund future obligations, and upon profitable
operations. 

Stockholders Equity 

Since its inception on August
16, 2010, the Company has accumulated deficit of 60,097,918 as of twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

The aggregated loss is related
to the capital invested in advances real estate membership interest, which has future positive cash flow after completion and stabilization.
See note 5. 

Authorized Shares 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized
to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 par value. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder
to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative,
with no pre-emptive rights. 

8 

Preferred shares 

The Company has 5,000,000
(Five Million) shares of preferred stock, with conversion rights of 1:1 (one to one), but with 30:1 voting rights. As of December 31,
2022, 0 shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

On April 8 th ,
2021, the Company executed a Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, Securities Purchase Agreement, and ancillary agreements (collectively,
the Agreements with Leonite Capital, LLC Per the terms of the Agreements with Leonite Capital, LLC, the Company may borrow
up to 500,000; of which 500,000 was tendered, which is open with right of redemption for one year. On March 24 th , 2023,
the Company and Leonite Capital LLC executed an Amendment by which the outstanding balance was increased by 7,500.00, the fixed Conversion
Price was reset to 0.03. 

On November 30 th ,
2021, the Company executed a short-term loan of 1,000,000 Secured Note, by 1,500,000 million shares of CRDV stock (reserved in bank s
name, subject to loan and stock pledge agreement with NextBank International, Inc,) and secured by the president of the company, as a
personal guarantor. Per the terms of the Agreements with NextBank International, Inc, the Company may borrow up to 1,000,000; which
is open with the right of redemption for one year against the collateral of 1,500,000 shares of CRDV stock and the President of the company
as guarantor. As of December 31, 2022, the company has withdrawn the full amount net of the loan less the loan fees. On January 23 rd ,
2023, NextBank International Inc. elected to convert 49,416 of their debt into 2,320,000 common shares. 

We will require additional financing to implement
our business plan, which may include joint venture projects and debt or equity financings. The nature of this enterprise and constraint
of positive cash flow places debt financing beyond the creditworthiness required by most banks or typical investors of corporate debt
until such time as economically viable profits and losses can be demonstrated. Therefore, any debt financing of our activities may be
costly and result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Future financing through
equity investments is likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions
may be more favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance
of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing
future capital and financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, and other costs. We may also be required
to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will
adversely impact our financial condition. 

Our ability to obtain needed
financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If
the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenue from operations, is not sufficient to
satisfy our capital needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. 

There is no assurance that
we will be able to obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future financing.
If we are unable to secure additional funding, we may cease or suspend operations. We have no plans, arrangements, or contingencies in
place in the event that we cease operations. 

9 

Results of Operations 

For the Twelve Months Ended December
31, 2022, and 2021 

Revenues 

The Company has earned 93,750
in revenue from real estate brokerage services for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Operating Expenses 

For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022, our total operating expenses were 2,281,261 compared to 9,899,333 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021,
resulting in a decrease of 7,618,072. The decrease is attributable to a total decrease of 7,618,072 in general administration expenses. 

For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022, we had 0 unrealized loss on investments compared to 37,778,761 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Operating loss 

Net Operating loss was 2,275,019
compared to net Operating loss of 9,899,333 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, for the reasons explained
above. 

Net loss from Continuing Operations 

Net loss was 2,662,498 compared
to a net loss of 10,593,864 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The decrease is attributable to a
total decrease of 7,618,072 in general administration expenses, and decrease in other expense of 307052 and an increase in gross profit
of 6,242. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Total Other Expense decreased
to 387,479 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 694,531 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was directly related
to the swings in derivative fair values from 387,161 and decrease in interest expense of 693,159. 

Total Loss 

Total loss was 10,821,237
compared to a total loss of 48,372,625 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The decrease is attributable
to a total decrease of 37,778,761 in unrealized loss on investments, which is the dollar value of the common shares issued for the acquisition
of Red Hills Capital LLC. 

10 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Overview 

The Company s cash
and cash equivalents balance was 101,728 as of December 31, 2022. 

Net cash provided in the
Company s operating activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, was 1,226,775 as compared to net cash used in
the operating activities of 385,991 during the corresponding period ended December 31, 2021. This represents a variance of 1,612,766
in net cash provided in operating activities between the two periods. The underlying reasons for the variance were primarily due to loss
from discontinued operations of 8,158,739, shares issued for services of 1,223,225, shares issued for membership interest in real estate
of 2,059,701, shares issued for conversion of loan 73,015, change in the fair value of derivative liabilities 257,756, accrued expenses
of 63,602 and an increase in accounts payable of 15,581 and an increase in note payable of 180,000 and an increase of 30,403 in the
interest on convertible note payable between the two periods. 

Net cash used in investing
activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 7,468,581 and 0, respectively. The variance is primarily due to funds
utilized in long-term and short-term investments. 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 5,259,047 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of the amount
of 1,461,959 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. This represents a variance of 3,797,088 in net cash used in financing activities
between the two periods. The primary underlying reason is due to a decrease on a short-term loan of 71,035, an increase in mortgage loan
of 5,320,082 and a decrease in shareholder s loan of 38,041 and proceeds from shares committed 10,000 between the two periods. 

Since its inception on August
16, 2010, the Company had a cumulative deficit of 60,097,918 and we have a working capital deficit of 4,846,835 as of December 31, 2022.
Our future growth is dependent upon achieving further purchase orders and execution, management of operating expenses and the ability
of the Company to obtain the necessary financing to fund future obligations, and upon profitable operations. 

Historically, we have financed
our cash flow and operations from contributions of our majority shareholder and by raising equity and convertible loans. 

As of December 30, 2022,
our cash balance was 101,728 we believe we will require a minimum of 5,000,000 in working capital over the next 12 months to grow the
company as currently planned, covering our operating costs and maintaining our regulatory reporting and filings. Should our revenues not
materialize as expected, or if our costs and expenses prove to be greater than we currently anticipate, or should we change our current
business plan in a manner that will increase or accelerate our anticipated costs and expenses; we may need funds in excess of that currently
planned. 

It is our current policy
that all transactions between the Company and our officers, directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions
are approved by a majority of the existing directors, are approved by vote of the stockholders, or are fair to us as a corporation as
approved or ratified by our Board of Directors or authorized officer. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
on an ongoing basis, and, where appropriate, we will review the potential conflicts of interest. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We currently have no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

11 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Use of Estimates 

In preparing the consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), management
makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the dates of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Significant estimates and assumptions made by management include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the allowance
for bad debt, useful life of fixed assets, income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, and
assumptions used in assessing impairment of long-lived assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Lease 

On January 2, 2020, the
Company adopted FASB ASC Topic 842, Leases, or ASC 842, using the modified retrospective transition method with a cumulative effect adjustment
to accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019, and accordingly, modified its policy on accounting for leases as stated below. As described
under Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements, below, the primary impact of adopting ASC 842 for the Company was the
recognition in the consolidated balance sheet of certain lease-related assets and liabilities for operating leases with terms longer
than 12 months. The Company elected to use the short-term exception and does not records assets/liabilities for short term leases as
of December 31, 2022. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014 the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all
existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. This new standard requires a company to recognize
revenues when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive
for those goods or services. The FASB subsequently issued the following amendments to ASU No. 2014-09 that have the same effective date
and transition date: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations; ASU No.
2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing; ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients; and ASU No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections
and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company adopted these amendments with ASU 2014-09 (collectively,
the new revenue standards). 

Under the new revenue standards,
the Company recognizes revenues when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration
which it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. The Company recognizes revenues following the five-step model prescribed under
ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine
the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenues
when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligation. The Company recognized revenue from providing temporary and permanent staffing solutions
and the sale of consumer products. Service revenues are recognized as the services are performed in proportion to the transfer of control
to the customer and real estate revenues are recognized at the time of sale when consideration has been exchanged and title has been
conveyed to the buyer. At this time, we have not identified specific planned revenue streams. During the period from August 16, 2010
(Inception) to December 31, 2022, we did not recognize any revenue. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for
income taxes using the asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the Company s financial statements or tax returns. In estimating
future tax consequences, the Company generally considers all expected future events other than enactments of changes in the tax law.
For deferred tax assets, management evaluates the probability of realizing the future benefits of such assets. The Company establishes
valuation allowances for its deferred tax assets when evidence suggests it is unlikely that the assets will be fully realized. 

12 

The Company recognizes the
tax effects of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits as of
the reporting date and then only in an amount more likely than not to be sustained upon review by the tax authorities. Income tax positions
that previously failed to meet the more likely than not threshold is recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in
which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more likely than not threshold is derecognized
in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. The Company classifies potential accrued
interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income (loss) as the income tax expense. 

Stock-based Compensation 

Stock-based compensation
cost to employees is measured at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and will be recognized
as expense over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). Share-based compensation awards
issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the services rendered or the fair value of the
share-based payment, whichever is more readily determinable. The company has no stock-based compensation plan established as December
31, 2022. 

Derivative instruments 

The fair value of derivative
instruments is recorded and shown separately under liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives liability are recorded in the
consolidated statement of operations under other (income) expenses. 

Our Company evaluates all
of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives.
For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations.
For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the binomial option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments
at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Related Parties 

The Company follows subtopic
850-10 of the FASB ASC for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20
related parties include: 

a. affiliates of the Company; 

 b. entities for which investments
in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the FV option under the FV Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; 

 c. trusts for the benefit
of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; 

 d. principal owners of the
Company; 

 e. management of the Company; 

 f. other parties with which
the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent
that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and 

 g. other parties that can
significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of
the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

13 

The financial statements
shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other
similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of financial
statements is not required in those statements. 

The disclosures shall include:
a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal
amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary
to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of
the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that
used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not
otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology that reflects expected credit
losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU
2016-13 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including those interim periods within those fiscal years. We
did not expect the adoption of this guidance have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Index: 

Audit Report 

(1)
 Financial Statements 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

14 

M.S. Madhava Rao 
 316, 1 st Cross, Gururaja
 Layout, 7 th Block, 4 th Phase, BSK 3 rd Stage, Bangalore 560085 
 Tel No: 91-8861838006 email : mankalr@yahoo.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To The Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Community Redevelopment, Inc. 

 1910 Towne Centre Blvd., #250 

 Annapolis, MD 21401 

Opinion on the financial statements 

 We
audited the accompanying balance sheets of Community Redevelopment, Inc., the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for years then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as financial statements . In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operation, stockholder s equity and cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The Company s financial statements are prepared
using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation
of the liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 60,097,918 for the year ended December
31, 2022. These factors as discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits. we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters arising from the current
period of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to
accounts or disclosure that are material to the financial statements and (2) involve especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or the accounts or disclosures
to which they relate. 

Related party transactions. 

Company acquired two properties from CEO of the
Company in exchange for Shares of the Company. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

/s/ M. S. Madhava Rao 

, Chartered Accountant 

June 29, 2023 

F- 1 

Community Redevelopment Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet 

 Audited 

As of 12/31/2022 
 As of 12/31/2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Restricted Cash 

Other Current Assets 

Total current assets 

Investments in Real Estate Membership Interests 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders' equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Credit card payable 

Accrued expenses 

Interest Payable 

Notes Payable 

Convertible Notes Payable, net of discount 

Derivatives on Convertible Note 

Short Term Loan 

Mortgages on property, current 

Total current liabilities 

Long Term Liabilities 

Mortgage on property 

Total Long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock: 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 shares and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized and shares and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

Additional paid in capital 

Shares Committed to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders' equity (Deficit) 

Total liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 2 

Community Redevelopment Inc. 

 Income Statement 

 Audited 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

December, 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of Services 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and Administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Other income 

Change in the fair value of derivative 

Total other income (Expense) 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

Loss from Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss 

Other comprehensive income: 

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Total loss 

Net (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 3 

Community Redevelopment Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity
(Deficit) 

 Audited 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Shares
 to be 
 Additional

Accumulated
 Other 
 Total

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares Committed 
 Amount 
 cancelled 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive
 Income 
 Stockholders'
 Deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Issuance of Common Stock for Services 

Issuance of Common Stock for Debt 

Issuance of Common Stock - Under the Merger Agreement 

Issuance of Preferred Stock - Under the Merger Agreement 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for conversion of Loan 

Shares issued for membership interest in real estate 

Shares Cancelled 

Shares Committed to issue 

250,000 

Net Loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 4 

Community Redevelopment Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Audited 

For the Twelve 
 Months Ended 12/31/2022 
 For the Twelve 
 Months Ended 12/31/2021 
 
 Cash flow from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss from discontinued Operations 

Shares Issued for services 

Shares Issued for conversion of Loan 

Shares issued for membership interest in real estate 

Gain (Loss) on derivative liabilities 

Change In: 

Increase in Prepaid Expenses 

Increase in Accounts payable 

Increase in Interest payable 

Increase in Note payable 

Increase in Accrued expenses 

Net cash provided (used) in operating activities 

Cash flow from Investing Activities 

Increase in short Term Investments 

Increase in long Term Investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flow from Financing Activities 

Increase/(Decrease) in Shareholder's loan 

Proceeds from shares committed 

Proceeds from Loan 

Decrease/Increase in short-term loan 

Net cash provided in financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Supplemental disclosure of cash and non-cash financing activities 

Share cancelled in the reversal of Investments in Real Estate Membership Interest in exchange of Stock 

Share issued towards Investments in Real Estate Membership Interest in exchange of Stock 

Shares issued for Services 

Shares issued to settle notes payable 

Cash paid for interest 

See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

F- 5 

Community Redevelopment Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its abilities to generate revenues, to continue to raise investment capital, and develop and implement its business
plan. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

Our financial instruments consist of our accounts
payable, accrued expenses - related party and loan payable related party. The carrying amount of our prepaid accounts payable,
accrued expenses- related parties and loan payable related party approximates their fair values because of the short-term maturities
of these instruments. 

Our derivative liabilities are measured at fair
value on a recurring basis and estimated as follows: 

December 31, 2021 
 Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Derivative liabilities 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive common stock equivalents 

Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

shares of common stock, par value per share. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share
on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no pre-emptive
rights. 

Additionally, The Company has (Five
Million) shares of preferred stock, with conversion rights of 1:1 (one to one), but with 30:1 voting rights. 

As part of the corporate restructuring in specific
preparation for this merger, on September 15th, 2021, the Company Reduced its Authorized shares from 3 billion to five hundred million
and created the above-referenced Preferred Class with 1:1 conversion and 30:1 voting rights. 

During the Twelve months ending December 31,
2022, shares of common and 0 shares of preferred were issued and outstanding. 

. The Consideration for this
transaction on the part of the Company was the issuance of 17,750,000 common shares and 1 million Preferred shares with 1:1 conversion,
and 30:1 voting rights. 

On June 28th, 2022,
as part of restructuring plan in an effort to reorient the company assets, the Company came to the conclusion that the Company s
expectations regarding infusion of available financing had not materialized, to the harm of Community Redevelopment Inc., and that further
attempted continuation of said Agreement was of no value and in fact detrimental to the overall financial condition of the Company. As
such, management made the decision to Rescind the September 21 st , 2021 Agreement with Red Hills placing these interests into
our Company. 

As such, by the Rescission
Agreement removing Red Hills as part of the Company, the above-listed assets were removed from the company as part of this first phase
of restructuring during this third Quarter of 2022. As it was a Rescission, all 18.5 million shares issued to Red Hills as consideration
for these removed assets are to be returned to the Treasury of the Company, placing each side exactly as they were just prior to said
Agreement. 

On September 30th, 2022, the Company, through
one of its subsidiaries, acquired 100 interest in 1000 18th St, NE 2020, LLC. The purchase price for this acquisition
was , which was exchanged for shares. The property held within the acquired LLC is a 10-unit multifamily residence
currently under development. We accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. We measured the value of the acquired physical
assets (restricted cash, prepaid insurance, land, and building) and the liabilities assumed (Mortgages, net) by allocating the total
cost of the acquisition on a relative fair value basis. 

On September 30th, 2022, the Company,
through one of its subsidiaries, acquired 100 interest in 1320 8 th St Fund LLC., the titled holder to 1320
8 th St NW, Washington, DC. The purchase price for this acquisition was ,
which was exchanged for 
common shares of the Company. The property held within the acquired LLC is a 10-unit multifamily residence currently under development. We
accounted for the acquisition as an asset acquisition. We measured the value of the acquired physical assets (restricted cash,
prepaid insurance, land, and building) and the liabilities assumed (Mortgages, net) by allocating the total cost of the acquisition
on a relative fair value basis. 

We have recorded the 2022 acquisitions as follows: 

Prepaids 

Land 

Building 

Deferred financing costs, net 

Total acquisition cost 

Accrued expenses 

Outstanding balance on assumed mortgages 

Total carrying amounts recorded 

The company continues to review and may adjust
the purchase price allocations during the one-year window. 

, which
was tendered. On March 24 th , 2023, the Company and Leonite Capital LLC executed an Amendment
by which the outstanding balance was increased by 7,500.00, the fixed Conversion Price was reset to 0.03. 

Convertible notes payable,
consist of the following at December 31, 2022: 

 , with interest at , convertible into common shares of the Company 

Note payable to an unrelated party, matured , with interest at , convertible into common shares of the Company 

Less discount 

Total 

Secured
Note, by 
shares of CRDV stock (reserved in bank s name, subject to loan and stock pledge agreement with NextBank International, Inc,
and secured by the then president of the company Mr. Garfield Antonio, as a personal guarantor. 

Per the terms of the
Agreements with NextBank International, Inc, the Company may borrow up to ; which is open with the right of redemption for
one year against the collateral of 1,500,000 shares of CRDV stock. 

The Private Note has a 7.5 
fixed rate that matures on November 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2022, the company has withdrawn the full amount net of the loan
less the loan fees. 

On September
30 th , 2022 NextBank International, Inc, has entered into an agreement whereby it will convert the outstanding balance for shares
at a strike price of 0.05, not to exceed 4.9 of the then issued and outstanding shares of the Company. As of September 30, 2022, shares
have been committed to be converted in exchange for of the outstanding balance and these shares were issued to Next Bank
on October 4 th , 2022. 

;
of which 555,556 was tendered, which is open with right of redemption for one year. Prior to the maturity date of the Note, the Company
at its option, has the right to redeem in cash in part or in whole, the amounts outstanding. Should the Fund wish to convert this debt
into equity, the conversion price shall be sixty-five percent of the lowest Intraday price during the previous 21 days. Pursuant to the
Agreements, the Company has earmarked the net proceeds for immediate cash infusion for normative working capital purposes and capital
expenditures. Leonite Capital. has agreed that neither it nor any of its affiliates shall engage in any short-selling or hedging of our
Common Stock during any time. The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Agreements. For a full description of all
terms, please refer to the 8k filed with the SEC and accompanying exhibits thereto. As of September 13 th ,
2022, the Company has been deemed to be in default of said Note, and the parties are actively negotiating a work-out. On March 24 th ,
2023, the Company and Leonite Capital LLC executed an Amendment by which the outstanding balance was increased by 7,500.00, the fixed
Conversion Price was reset to 0.03. 

We will require additional financing to implement
our business plan, which may include joint venture projects and debt or equity financings. The nature of this enterprise and constraint
of positive cash flow places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks or typical investors of corporate debt
until such time as an economically viable profits and losses can be demonstrated. Therefore, any debt financing of our activities may
be costly and result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Future financing through equity investments is
likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more
favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance of warrants
or other derivative securities, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future
capital and financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, and other costs. We may also be required to recognize
non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact
our financial condition. 

Our ability to obtain needed financing may be
impaired by such factors as the capital markets, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital
we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenue from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs,
even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to
obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future financing. If we are
unable to secure additional funding, we may cease or suspend operations. We have no plans, arrangements or contingencies in place in
the event that we cease operations. 

The Company s
guarantees primarily relate to requirements under certain financial obligations and some contracts and have arisen through the normal
course of business. These guarantees, with certain financial institutions, have both open and closed-ended terms; with remaining closed-ended
terms up to 1.0 years and maximum potential future payments of approximately 1 million in the aggregate. 

listed on Note 7 is secured by the then CEO of the company, Mr. Garfield Antonio as a personal guarantor and the company has
borrowed the full amount. 

Mr. Richard Balles Director of the company is
also holding a position as the Vice President in NextBank International. 

F- 15 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are
procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the
Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer
(our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures was due to the
existence of material weaknesses identified below. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
14d-14(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and financial statement preparation
and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls become
inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making the assessment, management
used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our Company s internal control over financial
reporting was not effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

15 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers and Directors 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Richard Balles 
 54 
 Director, President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Robert Fiallo 
 56 
 Director (Appointed February 13 th , 2023) 
 
 Stalin A. Cruz 
 48 
 Director, CFO (resigned July 7 th ,
 2022) 
 
 Ronald Silver 
 78 
 Director, Chairman (resigned July 7 th , 2022) 
 
 Kevin Humes 
 63 
 Director (resigned July 7 th , 2022) 
 
 Joseph Gibbons 
 73 
 Director (removed July 7 th , 2022) 
 
 Randy Avon 
 81 
 Director (resigned July 7 th , 2022) 
 
 Charles Arnold 
 70 
 Director (resigned July 7 th , 2022) 
 
 Lara Fritts 
 51 
 Director (resigned February
13 th , 2023) 
 
 Michael Zink 
 40 
 Director (resigned
February 13 th , 2023) 

On February 13 th , 2023, Lara Frits
resigned from her position as Director and CEO; on the same date Garfield Antonio resigned his position as Director, and Michael Zink
resigned from his position as CFO. Also on February 13 th , 2023, Robert Fiallo was appointed as a Director and Board member. 

Robert Fiallo, 56, brings over 25 years of executive
leadership and experience in finance, having in management positions at F M Bank, BB T and as founder, Chair and Executive Officer
of Fidelity Trust Bank. Mr. Fiallo earned his BA in business at University of Maryland in 1989. 

(b) Significant Employees. 

If we lose the services
of our key executive officers, our business would likely be materially and adversely affected. At this time, we do not currently have
 key man life insurance for any of our executive officers. 

(c) Family Relationships. 

None. 

(d) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

There have been no events
under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the
ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Registrant during the past ten years. 

16 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Each member of our Board
of Directors serves for a term ending on the date of the annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting of the stockholders
at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each director shall serve until his or her successor is elected and
qualified or until his or her death, resignation or removal. Our officers are appointed by our Board to a term of one year and serve
until their successors are duly appointed and qualified, or until the officer is removed from office. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We do not have a standing
nominating, audit or compensation committee. Rather, our full Board of Directors performs the functions of these committees. While the
company is reviewing several qualified people for such committees, none have been formed yet. Additionally, because our common stock
is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Director Nominations 

Our full Board of Directors
recommends candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted
a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including those officers responsible for financial reporting.
We expect that we will adopt a code of ethics in the near future. 

Indemnification 

Under our Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a law suit, because
of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner, he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. We may advance expenses
incurred in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in a proceeding as to which
he is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative
action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or director
is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State
of Oklahoma. 

Regarding indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Oklahoma law, we have
been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in
the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

17 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No executive officer, member
of the Board of Directors or control person of our Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K in the past 10 years. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

In order to attract, retain
and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy, in the future, we may award our executives
and any future executives with long-term, stock award, at the sole discretion of our Board. 

Director Compensation 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary
 ) 
 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Garfield T. Antonio - President 
 
 2022 

Charles Arnold - Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

Richard Balles - Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

200,050 

200,050 

Lara Fritts - Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2022 

180,000 

200,050 

380,050 

We believe that the primary
goal of executive compensation is to align the interests of our executive officers with those of our shareholders in a way that allows
us to attract and retain the best executive talent. Additionally, in order to ensure our executive officers are compensated within the
current industry ranges for their respective duties. 

The compensation incentives
designed to further these goals take the form of annual cash compensation and equity awards, as well as long-term cash and/or equity
incentives measured by Company and/or individual performance targets to be established by our Compensation Committee. In addition, our
Compensation Committee may determine to make equity-based awards to new executive officers in order to attract talented professionals
to serve us. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31 st , 2022: 

each person
 known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our executive officers
 and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all our executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

18 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 73,390,321 shares
of our common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Name
 and Title 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percentage of 
 Class - Common 
 
 Garfield T Antonio, past Dir. (1) 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Stalin A Cruz. past Dir. 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 11.34 
 
 Kevin Humes, past Dir. 
 
 4,500,000 
 
 10.21 
 
 Ronald Silver, past Dir. 
 
 4,500,000 
 
 10.21 
 
 Charles Arnold, past Dir. (2) 
 
 2,666,667 
 
 6.05 
 
 Randy Avon, past Dir. 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 2.27 
 
 David E Price, Corporate Counsel 
 
 1,000,000 
 
 2.27 
 
 Richard Balles, Dir., CEO 
 
 34,818,333 
 
 46 
 
 All Directors and Officers as a Group 
 
 54,083,334 
 
 71.4 

1 
 As of October, 2022, Antonio Garfield
 had returned all the shares which he was issued to Treasury and is no longer a shareholder. 

2 
 The shares listed under
 Mr. Charles Arnold include 1,666,667 shares in Crest Ventures LLC, of which Mr. Arnold is the beneficial owner. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

None. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed
by M.S. Madhava Rao, Chartered Accountant for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, were 21,500. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that
are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees
consist of fees billed for tax planning services and tax advice. The board of directors must specifically approve all other tax services. 

All Other Fees . Other
services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the established audit, audit-related,
and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not fall within any of the specified
prohibited categories of services. 

19 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following
 documents are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(2) 
 Financial Statements
 Schedules 

All financial statements
 schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information
 is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part
 of this annual report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can
 be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
 D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document
 (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Management contract, compensation
 plan or arrangement. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

COMMUNITY REDEVELOPMENT INC. 

Dated: June 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard
 Balles 

Richard Balles 

Chief Executive Officer 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 crdv_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Richard Balles, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Community Redevelopment Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: June 30, 2023 

/s/ Richard Balles 

Richard Balles 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 crdv_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Richard Balles, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Community Redevelopment Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal
quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: June 30, 2023 

/s/ Richard Balles 

Richard Balles 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 crdv_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Community Redevelopment Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Richard Balles, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Richard Balles 

Richard Balles 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies this Annual
Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 crdv_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Community Redevelopment Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Richard Balles, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of
my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 /s/ Richard Balles 

Richard Balles 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies this Annual
Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cwnr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cwnr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cwnr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cwnr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

