<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1760026_0001213900-23-029942.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6805555</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283678</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1294864</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1687139</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1771549</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1567518</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>20</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029942.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414165751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029942
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MESO NUMISMATICS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001760026
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RETAIL STORES, NEC [5990]
		IRS NUMBER:				880492191
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56010
		FILM NUMBER:		23821858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 PLAZA REAL SUITE 275
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-889-9509

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		433 PLAZA REAL SUITE 275
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33432

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029942.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_mesonumis.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to . 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Exchange Act: 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter . 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares as of March 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 15 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 15 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 15 

PART II 
 
 16 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 16 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 17 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 17 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 22 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 22 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 22 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 22 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 23 

ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 23 

PART III 
 
 24 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 24 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 26 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 27 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 28 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 28 

PART IV 
 
 29 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 29 

ITEM 16. 
 10-K SUMMARY 
 30 

SIGNATURES 
 31 

i 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless
the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, Registrant, we, us, our, 
 Meso, or refer to Meso Numismatics, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Except for statements of historical fact, some
information in this document contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can
identify these forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, anticipate, 
 estimate, plans, potential, projects, continuing, ongoing, 
 expects, management believes, we believe, we intend or the negative of these words
or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The statements that contain these or similar words should be read carefully
because these statements discuss our future expectations, contain projections of our future results of operations or of our financial
position, or state other forward-looking information. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors.
However, there may be events in the future that we are not able accurately to predict or control. Further, we urge you to be cautious
of the forward-looking statements which are contained in this registration statement because they involve risks, uncertainties and other
factors affecting our operations, market growth, service, products and licenses. The factors listed in the sections captioned Risk
Factors and Description of Business, as well as other cautionary language in this registration statement and events
in the future may cause our actual results and achievements, whether expressed or implied, to differ materially from the expectations
we describe in our forward-looking statements. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from
time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all of those risks, nor can we assess the impact of all of those risks on our business
or the extent to which any factor may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
The forward-looking statements in this registration statement are based on assumptions management believes are reasonable. However, due
to the uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements.
Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and unless required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation
or undertaking to publicly update any of them in light of new information, future events, or otherwise. The occurrence of any of the events
described as risk factors or other future events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
position. Since our common stock is considered a penny stock, we are ineligible to rely on the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements provided in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Since the acquisition of Global Stem Cell Group
in August of 2021, our focus has been mainly dedicated to its operations serving the markets in the regenerative medicine industry. On
October 28, 2022, we entered into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of Subsidiary with our prior officer and director,
Mr. Melvin Pereira, pursuant to which we agreed to sell Mr. Pereira 100 of our interest in Meso Numismatics Corp., a Florida corporation. 
As a result of this transaction, we are no longer engaged in the sale of coins, paper currency, bullion and medals and we have moved into
what we believe is a more lucrative opportunity for our company, the operations of Global Stem Cell Group. 

We believe stem cell therapy is becoming an increasingly
effective clinical solution for treating conditions that traditional or conventional medicine only offers within palliative care and pain
management. Patients around the world are seeking a natural regenerative alternative without the potential risks and side effects sometimes
associated with conventional pharmaceuticals. 

We work with doctors and their staff to provide
products, solutions, equipment, services, and training to help them be successful in the application of Stem Cell Therapies. Our team
combines solutions from extensive clinical research with the manufacturing and commercialization of viable cell therapy and immune support
related products that we believe will change the course of traditional medicine around the world forever. Our strategy allows us the ability
to create immediate revenue streams through product sales, distribution, and clinical applications, driven by our extensive education
platform. Our revenue comes directly from the training and the seminars, from the resale of these kits, products, and equipment, services,
and from the reoccurring application of our process using the kits and solutions we provide. 

Global Stem Cells Group is a leader in the Stem
Cell and Regenerative Medicine fields, covering clinical research, patient applications, along with physician training through our state-of-the-art
global network of companies. The Company s mission is to enable physicians to make the benefits of stem cell medicine a reality
for patients around the world. They have been educating doctors on the science and application of cell-based therapeutics for the past
10 years. Our professional trademarked association ISCCA INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY FOR STEM CELL APPLICATION is a global network
of medical professionals that leverages these multinational relationships to build best practices and further our mission. 

The Company envisions the ability to improve health-span 
through the discovery and developments of new cellular therapy products, and cutting-edge technology. 

Global Stem Cells Group, as almost everyone else
in the world, was severely affected by the covid 19 pandemic. As we have been recovering in 2022 and into 2023, we are integrating every
aspect of the regenerative medicine industry. During 2023, we plan to continue to add manufacturing and commercialization of viable cell
therapy and immune support related products that we believe will change the course of traditional medicine around the world forever. 

We believe this strategy will allow us the ability
to increase our current revenues and create immediate revenue streams through product sales, distribution, and clinical applications,
driven by our extensive education platform here are our main projects and revenue generators for 2023 and beyond. 

Global Stem Cell Group Operations 

Manufacturing Facilities 

Permanent Treatment Center of Excellence and Physician Training
in Istanbul, Turkey 

Our Flagship Operation in Istanbul Center 
employs well-targeted combinations of Exosomes, allogeneic human Mesenchymal cells, and autologous bone marrow and Adipose derived stem
cells to treat a wide array of diseases and debilitating medical conditions. Our treatment plans are mostly focused on a systemic and/or
whole-body approach. This new processing facility works with local partners to provide the latest in Stem Cell Therapies to many of those
in this region who have no access to these kinds of cutting-edge medical solutions. Our physician training services will help educate
and generate demand for our solutions, services, and products. Key doctors and partners from this operation help train and teach at other
ISSCA events. 

1 

Cell Therapy Product Manufacturing Facility
in Cancun Mexico 

The Cancun facility
that began operations in July of 2022 has been accredited both by the Mexican General Health Council and Cofepris (Mexican FDA). GSCG s
processing operation is in the well-known HELLIMEX, S.A. DE CV building, a high-rise office of leased
suites that provide a multitude of other professional services. We continue to grow this operation with a new ISSCA Regenerative Medicine
Conference in April this year. 

We have assembled a highly qualified team of medical
professionals and technicians that specialize in GSCG s processes, solutions, and services. Our processing facilities in Cancun
are top-notch, and include a laboratory to culture-expand cells, a process that yields better patient results, and a cryopreservation
unit to keep these extracted samples stored safely until they are needed. This Laboratory/ Treatment Center has the latest technologies
available including NK Cell Therapy CAR T-cell for cancer treatment and produce full Lines of Msc and Exosomes. Our model is to work hand-in-hand
with the patients physicians to provide a total quality experience in this innovative industry. Our revenue is derived from training
doctors, providing services to each patient that these doctors bring to us for treatments, and the solutions and products they utilize. 

Cell Therapy Product manufacturing facility in Dubai UAE 

Similar to Cancun, we are continuing the process of building out a
leased suite and equipping this facility in the well-known healthcare city DUBAI UAE. This facility will serve patients and physicians
from the Middle East and Asia and will have the same capabilities as our Cancun counterpart. 

Regenerative Medicine Clinic in Mexico City 

To achieve our expansion plans, our organization
is partnering with healthcare providers specializing in regenerative medicine with at least five years of experience in the healthcare
sector. 

This collaboration with STEM LIFE clinic s
new facility and Dr. Vanessa Rodriguez Pares, currently one of the most prestigious aesthetic clinics in Mexico City, which is expected
to promote a high level of service in regenerative medicine throughout Mexico. As part of this effort, ISSCA has granted an affiliation
and the use of their brand, products, therapies, and training on how to apply stem cell therapies to Dr. Vanessa Rodriguez Peers. 

The opening of this center, which will include
the construction of an autologous tissue processing laboratory and an allogeneic tissue bank, is expected to help transition stem cell
therapies and regenerative medicines from being an elective procedure to being accessible to patients throughout Mexico. 

Products 

Solidifying and increasing our Presence worldwide
www.cellgenic.com, we are completing our new catalog of Cell Therapy products manufactured completely in house as opposed of our previous
re seller model. This new series of products include: 

CELLGENIC FLOW EXOSOMES This is the company s
flagship product, which stands ready to revolutionize the practice of regenerative medicine as we know it today. Exosomes are extracellular
vesicles that float freely within the blood, very much like platelets. These are cell-derived non-particles that play a pivotal role in
cell-to-cell communication that are involved in a wide range of physiological processes. Exosomes play an important role in the transfer
of proteins and other bioactive molecules between cells and regulate gene expression in recipient cells, thus influencing various molecular
pathways and have a wide range of therapeutic implications, including hair loss and pain management. 

CELLGENIC MSC (Mesenchymal Stem Cell) This product
excretes growth factors, cytokines, and proteins, which all play a key role in the regeneration of tissue. Their anti-inflammatory and
immunomodulatory properties mean that it is difficult for them to be rejected by the body. Additionally, they increase blood flow to the
vital organs that need it the most. MSC has immunomodulatory effects that have an effect on macrophages, neutrophils, NK cells, mast cells
and dendritic cells in innate immunity with known anti-inflammatory benefits. 

CELLGENIC LUMA (Lyophilized Exosomes) is derived
from human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells and includes potent growth factors, peptides, coenzymes, minerals, amino acids, vitamins
and UV radiation reducing agents for skin revitalization. Exosomes are extracellular vesicles, which is the medical term for tiny bubbles
that are released from stem cells. Exosomes carry genetic information and proteins to cells throughout your body, and they create paths
for communication between cells to help combat aging skin, environmental damage and loss of elasticity and tone. 

2 

VITANOVAS is a mobile IV infusion company that
provides in-home treatments to patients in need of immune modulation to help fight infections, viruses, and diseases. 

GCELL RESTORE GCell technology is a closed-system
medical device that harnesses the natural and powerful restorative capabilities of adipose tissue. It is a cutting-edge tool that utilizes
micrograft technology to harness the natural and powerful restorative capabilities of adipose tissues. This is a precise system that is
able to process a stem cell sample from adipose tissue in less than half of the time that it would take a physician to do so through traditional
means. This allows the patient to be more comfortable throughout the shorter procedure, as less anesthesia is also required than when
operating under traditional means. The GCell is a minimally invasive, portable machine that allows physicians to fully unlock the potential
of regenerative medicine as a component in their practice. 

CELLGENIC SVF is an isolation kit system that
has all the ingredients and consumables for the extraction of adipose-Derived Stem cells from fat. This complete kit it is currently being
used in clinical procedures for lung disease, intra-articular injections for osteoarthritis of the knee and hip, cosmetic surgery, dermal
injection, stem cell enriched fat transfer, wounds chronic ulcers among other chronic conditions. 

CELLGENIC BONE MARROW Cell isolation protocols
usually include density gradient centrifugation. With careful attention to detail the BMC system gently and precisely processes bone marrow
aspirate for the purest concentration of these cells at the point of care. BMC is part of a developmental effort to provide an effective
therapy that is low risk. It recovers a large percentage of platelet rich plasma and other total nucleated cells in a treatment sample.
It is a closed system with strong performance outcomes and outstanding product stability. 

CELLGENIC PRP (Platelet Rich Plasma) is used
to encourage healing and reduce inflammation. As a concentrated source of autologous platelets, PRP contains several growth factors and
other cytokines that can stimulate the healing of soft tissues. 

Global Stem Cells Group s future is looking
bright as we look to bounce back from the pandemic effect on our operations. We are uniquely positioned to reach our revenue goals due
to our global presence and network of independent businesses. We stand positioned to give the world access to the full spectrum of everything
regenerative medicine can offer-- from being a source for products themselves, to sourcing equipment, to treating patients. We are able
to do this because of our decade of experience in the field, and because of the world-class leadership and organization of the Group. 

Leaders in stem cell medicine trust the high quality
of Global Stem Cells Group s world-class stem cell therapies, and physicians all over the world have come to value it as a trusted
source for the newest ground-breaking research and development in the field of regenerative Medicine. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 

We are committed to the protection of our intellectual
property of proprietary products and process as well as trademarks and other methods described below. 

Our business includes the development of proprietary
cell therapy products as well as revenue generating physician and patient based regenerative medicine / cell therapy training services,
cell collection and cell storage services, the sale of cell collection and treatment kits for humans and animals, and the operation of
a cell therapy clinic. 

On February 19, 2019, the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office USPTO filed US service trademark, 5,682,488 which claims exclusive us of ISCCA as INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY
FOR STEM CELL APPLICATION to Stem Cell Training Inc a Florida Corporation. 

On April 30, 2019, the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office USPTO granted US service trademark, 5,739,089 which claims exclusive us of ISCCA as INTERNATIONAL
SOCIETY FOR STEM CELL APPLICATION to Stem Cell Training Inc a Florida Corporation. 

We own proprietary protocols for the harvesting
and isolation of Stem Cells Derived from the adipose tissue and Bone marrow. 

We also own proprietary standard operating procedures
for the manufacturing of allogeneic cellular therapy products derived from perinatal tissue. 

3 

None of these protocols or IP have been patented.
We rely on our own trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our technology and maintain our competitive position, since patent
protection may not be available or applicable to our technology. Our policy is to require each of our employees, consultants and advisors
to execute a confidentiality and inventions assignment agreement before beginning their employment, consulting or advisory relationship
with us. The agreements generally provide that the individual must keep confidential and not disclose to other parties any confidential
information developed or learned by the individual during the course of the individual s relationship with us except in limited
circumstances. These agreements generally also provide that we shall own all inventions conceived by the individual in the course of rendering
services to us. Moreover, some of our collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to publish data and information to which we have
rights, which may impair our ability to protect our proprietary information or obtain patent protection in the future. 

We work with others in our research and development
activities and one of our strategies is to enter into collaborative agreements with third parties to develop our proposed products. Disputes
may arise about inventorship and corresponding rights in know-how and inventions resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual
property by us and our licensors, collaborators, consultants and others. In addition, other parties may circumvent any proprietary protection
we do have. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our proprietary position. 

We are not currently a party to any litigation
or other adverse proceeding challenging our patents, patent licenses or intellectual property rights. However, if we become involved in
litigation or any other adverse intellectual property proceeding, for example, as a result of an alleged infringement, or a third party
alleging an earlier date of invention, we may have to spend significant amounts of money and time and, in the event of an adverse ruling,
we could be subject to liability for damages, including treble damages, invalidation of our intellectual property and injunctive relief
that could prevent us from using technologies or developing products, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, any claims relating to the infringement
of third party proprietary rights, or earlier date of invention, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, lengthy governmental
proceedings, divert management s attention and resources and require us to enter royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous,
if available at all. 

Competition 

We face competitors in many different segments
of our business models. We face intense competition from companies with much larger capital resources than us, and, as a result, we could
struggle to attract customers and gain market share. Many of our existing or future competitors have greater financial resources and greater
brand name recognition than we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to adapt to changes in the industry or the economy as a whole.
We will strive to advance our products and technology in each of these sectors ahead of our competitors to gain market share. We also
face intense competition in attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon
our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees and to compensate employees competitively. We face significant
competition in several aspects of our business, and such competition might increase, particularly in the market for regenerative therapies. 

Our competitors may announce new products, services
or enhancements that better address changing industry standards on regenerative care. Any such increased competition could cause pricing
pressure, loss of business or decreased customer purchases, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We believe that we have competitive strengths
and protection via our depth of services and products that we offer in the regenerative medicine field, including, but without limitation
to, cell therapy products, isolation systems, physician training, laboratory build outs, medical tourism, and more. 

While there are particular or specific competitors
in any one of these areas, no one is currently providing the full service one stop solution for such a complete range of offerings in
this industry as we are. 

Furthermore, we compete by becoming a resource,
creating standards of practice, advancing the Stem Cell field in general, and by connecting associates and partners in many different
aspects of the business. 

4 

Government Regulations 

Although Stem Cell therapy is heavily regulated
in the US by the Food and Drug Administration, Global Stem Cells group does not focus its business portfolio in US markets. To this end,
we have suspended operations in the US. As such, we are not constrained by FDA regulatory jurisdictions. We now operate exclusively in
countries where clear regulatory pathways to manufacturing and practice exist. 

Marketing 

Global Stem Cell Group uses its vast network of
professionals in the regenerative and therapeutic industries to market and grow our business. Training seminars held on location in more
than a dozen international locations have helped drive the attraction that is bringing new business to our group. The ISCCA is our professional
association and is a global network of medical professionals that leverages these multinational relationships to build best practices
and further our mission. Our physician training services educate and generate continued reoccurring demand for our solutions, services,
and products. 

The more we educate physicians about our products
and services, the more physician referrals we have received. It has been a difficult task to introduce new methodologies to physicians
with more traditional views, but word of mouth has played a crucial role in the growth of our company and our reputation in the industry.
We believe our website will further expand our growth as new physicians have an easy-to-understand synopses of our how our products and
services may assist with and benefit their patients. We believe that as our network of physicians widens, we will experience significant
growth from repeat business from existing clients and with new business from patient referrals. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1 full-time
employees. All other workforces are contractors, advisors, consultants, and/or vendors. 

Corporate History 

The Company was originally founded in 1999 as
Spectrum Ventures LLC, a private company, registered in Tacoma, WA, for the purpose of developing, marketing and selling voice over IP
products and services. In 2002, the Company changed its name to Nxtech Wireless Cable Systems, Inc. In August 2007, the Company changed
its name to Oriens Travel Hotel Management Corp. In November 2014, the Company changed its name to Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc.
During 2014, the Board of Directors of the Company deemed it in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to switch directions
and become involved in the business of numismatics, specifically the collection and ultimately the sale of coins, paper currency, bullion
and medals. On November 21, 2016 the Company (formerly known as Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. a Nevada corporation) entered into an
agreement with Meso Numismatics, Corp., a Florida corporation. The respective Boards of Directors of the Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc.
and Meso Numismatics, Corp., at that time, determined that it was advisable and to the advantage of and the best interests of Pure Hospitality
Solutions, Inc. and its shareholders and Meso Numismatics, Corp. and its stockholders that Meso Numismatics, Corp. merge with and into
Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. (the Merger ). It was at that time, Mr. Melvin Pereira, our prior Chief Executive Officer,
who controlled both, Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. and Meso Numismatics, Corp. that the Company acquired common control of Meso Numismatics,
Corp. and the assets there held. At the completion of the Merger, Meso Numismatics Corp. ceased to exist. In September of 2018 the Company
effected a name change and changed its name from Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. to Meso Numismatics, Inc. 

Additional Information 

The public may read and copy any materials the
Company files with the SEC in the SEC s Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public
may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

You should carefully consider the risks described
below together with all of the other information included in this registration statement before making an investment decision with regard
to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated herein that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking
statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed.
In that case, you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition to other information in this registration statement and in other
filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our
business as they may have a significant impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
Because of the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance should not be
considered as a reliable indicator of future performance and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends
in future periods. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We
have a limited operating history. 

The Company was incorporated under the laws of
the State of Nevada in 2001 and has engaged in limited operations to date. Accordingly, the Company has only a limited operating history
with which you can evaluate its business and prospects. An investor in the Company must consider its business and prospects in light of
the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies, including limited capital, delays in product
development, possible marketing and sales obstacles and delays, inability to gain customer and merchant acceptance or inability to achieve
significant distribution of our products and services to customers. The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully address these
risks. Its failure to address any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

THE REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM CONTAINS AN EXPLANATORY PARAGRAPH THAT EXPRESSES SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. 

The report of our independent registered public
accounting firm with respect to our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended indicates that our financial
statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. The report states that, the Company suffered a net loss
from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Our
plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2 to our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for
the years then ended. 

Our
ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to service our debt obligations and our ability to refinance all or a portion
of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors, many of which may be beyond our control. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or
to refinance our obligations under, our debt, will depend on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject
to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to the financial and business factors, many of which may be beyond our control.
We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated business opportunities
will be realized on schedule or at all, or that future borrowings will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to service
our indebtedness and any amounts borrowed under future credit facilities, or to fund our other liquidity needs. 

We will use cash to pay the principal and interest
on our debt. These payments limit funds otherwise available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, collaborations and
other purposes. As a result of these obligations, our current liabilities may exceed our current assets. We may need to take on additional
debt as we expand our presence in the global stem cell industry, which could increase our ratio of debt to equity. The need to service
our debt may limit funds available for other purposes and our inability to service debt in the future could lead to acceleration of our
debt and foreclosure on assets. 

6 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance
any of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing, particularly because of our anticipated high levels of indebtedness and the indebtedness
incurrence restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our indebtedness, as well as prevailing market conditions. We may face substantial
liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our indebtedness service and other obligations. 

The lending documents restrict, and any agreements
governing future indebtedness may restrict, our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from any such dispositions. We cannot
guarentee we will be able to consummate any asset sales, or if we do, what the timing of the sales will be or whether the proceeds that
we realize will be adequate to meet indebtedness service obligations when due. 

Some
of Our Potential Cell Therapy Products and Technologies Are In Early Stages Of Development. 

The development of new cell therapy products is
a highly risky undertaking, and there can be no assurance that any future research and development efforts we may undertake will be successful.
Our potential products will require extensive additional research and development and perhaps regulatory approval before any commercial
introduction. There can be no assurance that any future research, development and clinical trial efforts will result in viable products
or meet efficacy standards. 

All
of Revenue is Derived from Customers Outside the United States, and We may Lose Revenues and Market Share due to Exchange Rate Fluctuations
and Political and Economic Changes Related to Foreign Business. 

All of our revenue comes from customers outside
of the United States. Any US company conducting foreign business is always subject to economic, political and regulatory uncertainties
and risks that are unique to each area of the world. Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the prices that foreign customers
are willing to pay, and may put us at a price disadvantage compared to other competitors. Potentially volatile shifts in exchange rates
may negatively affect our financial position and results. 

We
may be Exposed to Liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and any Determination that we Violated these Laws could have a Material
Adverse Effect on our Business. 

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act (FCPA), and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political
parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. It is our policy to
implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may
prove to be less than effective and our employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors may engage in conduct for which we might
be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and we may be subject to other liabilities,
which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

WE COMPETE WITH A NUMBER OF COMPANIES IN
OUR SPACE AND FACE INCREASED COMPETITION FROM SUCH COMPANIES. 

In our global cell therapy operations, we face
competitors in many different segments of our business models. We face intense competition from companies with much larger capital resources
than us, and, as a result, we could struggle to attract customers and gain market share. Some of our existing or future competitors have
greater financial resources and greater brand name recognition than we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to adapt to changes
in the industry or the economy as a whole. We will strive to advance our products and technology in each of these sectors ahead of our
competitors to gain market share. We also face intense competition in attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our ability to continue
to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees and to compensate
employees competitively. We face significant competition in several aspects of our business, and such competition might increase, particularly
in the market for regenerative therapies. 

Our competitors may announce new products, services
or enhancements that better address changing industry standards on regenerative care. Any such increased competition could cause pricing
pressure, loss of business or decreased customer purchases, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

7 

We believe that we have competitive strengths
and protection via our depth of services and products, and our continually expanding global footprint, that we offer in the regenerative
medicine field, including, but without limitation to, cell therapy products, isolation systems, physician training, laboratory build outs,
medical tourism, and more. 

While there are particular or specific competitors
in any one of these areas, no one is currently providing the full service one stop solution for such a complete range of offerings in
this industry as we are. 

Furthermore, we compete by becoming a resource,
creating standards of practice, advancing the Stem Cell field in general, and by connecting associates and partners in many different
aspects of the business. 

If
we should in the future become required to obtain regulatory approval to market and sell our pRODUCTS AND services we will not be able
to generate any revenues until such approval is received. 

The medical industry is subject to stringent regulation
by a wide range of authorities. Although Stem Cell therapy is heavily regulated in the US by the Food and Drug Administration, we do not
focus our business portfolio in U.S. markets. To this end, we have suspended operations in the U.S. As such, we are not constrained by
FDA regulatory jurisdictions. We now operate exclusively in countries where clear regulatory pathways to manufacturing and practice exist. 

However, while we are not presently required to
obtain regulatory approval in regulated markets, such as the U.S., to create, market and sell our products and services we cannot predict
whether regulatory clearance will be required in the future and, if so, whether such clearance will at such time be obtained, whether
for the products and services that we have commercialized or may attempt to develop. Should such regulatory approval in the future be
required, our products and services may be suspended or may not be able to be marketed and sold until we have completed the regulatory
clearance process as and if implemented by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory entities. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically
takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or service and would require the expenditure of substantial
resources. 

If regulatory clearance of products and services
is granted, this clearance may be limited to those particular states and conditions for which the products and services are demonstrated
to be safe and effective, which would limit our ability to generate revenue. 

We cannot ensure that any products and services
developed by us will meet all of the applicable regulatory requirements needed to receive marketing clearance. Failure to obtain regulatory
approval will prevent commercialization of our products and services where such clearance is necessary. There can be no assurance we will
obtain regulatory approval of our products and services that may require it. 

We
may be unable to protect our intellectual property from infringement by third parties, and third parties may claim that we are infringing
on their intellectual property, either of which could materially and adversely affect us. 

We intend to rely on patent protection, trade
secrets, technical know-how and continuing technological innovation to protect our intellectual property, and we expect to require any
employees, consultants and advisors that we may hire or engage in the future to execute confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements
in connection with their employment, consulting or advisory relationships. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will
not be breached or that we will have adequate remedies for any such breach. 

Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual
property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop intellectual property competitive with
ours. Our competitors may independently develop similar technology or otherwise duplicate our products and services. As a result, we may
have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. Intellectual
property litigation is particularly expensive, time-consuming, diverts the attention of management and technical personnel and could result
in substantial cost and uncertainty regarding our future viability. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure
or enforce intellectual property protection would limit our ability to produce and/or market our products and services in the future and
would likely have an adverse effect on any revenues we may in the future be able to generate by the sale or license of such intellectual
property. 

8 

We may be subject to costly litigation in the
event our future services or technology infringe upon another party s proprietary rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually
be issued, patents that would be infringed by our technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us
with respect to our technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage
rights. Any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages or injunctions precluding us
from utilizing our technology or services or marketing or selling any products or services under the same. An adverse determination in
any litigation of this type could require us to design around a third party s patent, license alternative technology from another
party or otherwise result in limitations in our ability to use the intellectual property subject to such claims. 

Risks
and Uncertainties Associated with Our Expansion Into and Our Operations Outside of the United States May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations, Cash Flow, Liquidity or Financial Condition 

These challenges include: (1) compliance with
complex and changing laws, regulations and policies of governments that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions,
import and export controls, tariffs, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with U.S. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies
abroad, such as anti-corruption laws, competition laws, currency regulations, and laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) the
difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (4) rapid changes in government policy,
acts of terrorism, or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation; and (5) currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

We
may become subject to legal proceedings that could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.

From time to time and in the ordinary course of
our business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings. All such legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and, regardless
of the merits of the claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and distracting to management.
If resolved against us, such legal proceedings could result in excessive verdicts, injunctive relief or other equitable relief that may
affect how we operate our business. Similarly, if we settle such legal proceedings, it may affect how we operate our business. Future
court decisions, alternative dispute resolution awards, business expansion or legislative activity may increase our exposure to litigation
and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial noneconomic remedies or punitive damages may be sought. Although we maintain
liability insurance coverage, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover any particular verdict, judgment or settlement that
may be entered against us, that such coverage will prove to be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable
terms, if at all. If we incur liability that exceeds our insurance coverage or that is not within the scope of the coverage in legal proceedings
brought against us, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certification, licensing or regulatory requirements; 

Unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

Changes to or reduced protection of intellectual property rights in some countries 

We
intend to continue strategic business acquisitions and other combinations, which are subject to inherent risks. 

In order to expand our solutions, services, and
grow our market and client base, we may continue to seek and complete strategic business acquisitions and other combinations that we believe
are complementary to our business. Acquisitions have inherent risks which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, operating results or prospects, including, but not limited to: 1) failure to successfully integrate the business and financial
operations, services, intellectual property, solutions or personnel of an acquired business and to maintain uniform standard controls,
policies and procedures; 2) diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 3) entry into markets in which we
have little or no direct prior experience; 4) failure to achieve projected synergies and performance targets; 5) loss of clients or key
personnel; 6) incurrence of debt or assumption of known and unknown liabilities; 7) write-off of software development costs, goodwill,
client lists and amortization of expenses related to intangible assets; 8) dilutive issuances of equity securities; and, 9) accounting
deficiencies that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an acquired company, including issues related
to internal control over financial reporting and the time and cost associated with remedying such deficiencies. If we fail to successfully
integrate acquired businesses or fail to implement our business strategies with respect to these acquisitions, we may not be able to achieve
projected results or support the amount of consideration paid for such acquired businesses. 

9 

Volatility
and disruption resulting from global economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Although certain indices and economic data have
shown signs of stabilization in the United States and certain global markets, there can be no assurance that these improvements will be
broad-based or sustainable, nor is it clear how, if at all, they will affect the markets relevant to us. As a result, our operating results
may be impacted by the health of the global economy. Volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets may lead to slowdowns
or declines in client spending which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our business and financial performance,
including new business bookings and collection of our accounts receivable, may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions
(including a reduction in the availability of credit, higher energy costs, rising interest rates, financial market volatility and lower
than expected economic growth) that cause a slowdown or decline in client spending. Reduced purchases by our clients or changes in payment
terms could adversely affect our revenue growth and cause a decrease in our cash flow from operations. Bankruptcies or similar events
affecting clients may cause us to incur bad debt expense at levels higher than historically experienced. Further, volatility and disruption
in global financial markets may also limit our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital,
which could have an impact on our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions. Accordingly, if global financial and
economic volatility continues or worsens, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely
affected. 

If
we are unable to manage our growth in the new markets in which we offer solutions or services, our business and financial results could
suffer. 

Our future financial results will depend in part
on our ability to profitably manage our business in the new markets that we enter. Difficulties in managing future growth in new markets
could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Operations and Commercialization of Stem Cell Therapies is an exciting, new, and integral part of the emerging Regenerative Medicine market,
BUT The field remains in its infancy. 

As with all new technologies, products, practices
and solutions, there are inherit risks related to our industry and business. 

The field of stem cell therapy is relatively new,
and not yet widely adopted by the medical community, and because of that infancy, it may have an adverse effect on our ability to reach
potential physicians that are skeptical of the benefits or have questions about the risks, and thus, we may run into resistance in the
marketing of our products and services. Stem cell therapies may be susceptible to various risks, including side effects, unintended immune
system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy, and lack of acceptance by physicians, hospital, and the patients themselves. 

Our experience and others have shown that physicians
are historically slow to adopt new treatment methods based on new technologies, like ours, when existing and trusted methods continue
to be supported by established practitioners. Overcoming these obstacles often requires significant marketing expenditures, product performance,
cost cutting and/or decreased pricing. We believe the skepticism to be a significant barrier as we attempt to gain market penetration
with our products and services. Failure to achieve market acceptance of our products and services would have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition. 

Additionally, part of our success will depend
on continuing to establish and maintain effective strategic partnerships and collaborations with our international partners, which may
impose challenges, restrictions, and or financial impacts to our business. 

As we apply our business strategy of establishing
and maintaining strategic relationships, we believe this will allow us to expand and complement our products, training, support and commercialization
capabilities. This we believe will allow us to reduce costs with greater economies of scale, and leverage a greater source of market intelligence,
with crucial meta data gathered of Stem Cell Therapies applied to a full spectrum across global applications. Notwithstanding, there can
be no assurances that we will favorably maintain all current or successfully add new relationships to successfully advance our business. 

10 

We
rely heavily on our management, and the loss of their services could adversely affect our business. 

Our success is highly dependent upon the continued
services of our Chief Executive Officer, David Christensen. The loss of Mr. Christensen s services would have a material adverse
effect on the Company and its business operations. 

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR GROWTH
AND MARKETING STRATEGY SUCCESSFULLY OR ON A TIMELY BASIS OR AT ALL. 

Our future success depends, in large part, on
our ability to implement our growth strategy of expanding distribution and sales of our product portfolio, attracting new consumers and
introducing new product lines and product extensions. 

Our sales and operating results will be adversely
affected if we fail to implement our growth strategy or if we invest resources in a growth strategy that ultimately proves unsuccessful. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

If
our ability to register our Common Stock is limited, your ability to sell such shares may be subject to substantial restrictions, and
you may be required to hold such shares for a period of time prior to sale, in which case you could suffer a substantial loss on such
shares. 

If our ability to register the resale of shares
of our Common Stock is limited, you may not be able to sell your Common shares. There will be substantial restrictions on your ability
to transfer any shares which are not registered for resale, and you may be required to hold the shares for some period of time. 

OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE OR MAY DECLINE
REGARDLESS OF OUR OPERATING PERFORMANCE, AND YOU MAY LOSE PART OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate
widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

market conditions or trends in the dietary supplement industry or in the economy as a whole; 

actions by competitors; 

actual or anticipated growth rates relative to our competitors; 

the public s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; 

economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; 

any future guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance or any difference between our guidance and actual results; 

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by any securities analysts who follow our common stock; 

speculation by the press or investment community regarding our business; 

litigation; 

changes in key personnel; and 

future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant shareholders. 

11 

In addition, the stock markets, including the
over-the-counter markets where we are quoted, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to
affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These broad market fluctuations may materially affect our stock price,
regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for our common stock historically has been limited and we cannot guarantee
that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. The price at which investors purchase shares of our common stock may not be
indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Market fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic, market
and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result, these factors may make it more difficult or impossible for you to
sell our common stock for a positive return on your investment. In the past, shareholders have instituted securities class action litigation
following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources
and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 

FUTURE SALES OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK,
OR THE PERCEPTION IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS THAT THESE SALES MAY OCCUR, MAY DEPRESS OUR STOCK PRICE. 

The market price of our common stock could decline
significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock. In addition, if our significant shareholders sell
a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock could decline. Any issuance of additional
common stock by us in the future, or warrants or options to purchase our common stock, if exercised, would result in dilution to our existing
shareholders. Such issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium to the then-current trading price of our common
stock. Moreover, the perception in the public market that shareholders might sell shares of our stock or that we could make a significant
issuance of additional common stock in the future could depress the market for our shares. These sales, or the perception that these sales
might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future
at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 

We have issued shares of common stock, options
and convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock in connection with our private placements and certain employment,
director and consultant agreements. In addition, we issued shares of our common stock and convertible notes which are convertible into
shares of our common stock, in financing transactions and pursuant to employment agreements that are deemed to be restricted securities, 
as that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. From time to time, certain of our shareholders may be eligible
to sell all or some of their restricted shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant
to Rule 144, subject to certain limitations. The resale pursuant to Rule 144 of shares acquired from us in private transactions could
cause our stock price to decline significantly. 

PENNY STOCK RULES MAY MAKE
BUYING OR SELLING OUR COMMON STOCK DIFFICULT. 

If the market price for our common stock is below
 5.00 per share, trading in our common stock may be subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that
generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
These rules would require that any broker-dealer that would recommend our common stock to persons other than prior customers and accredited
investors, must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations would require the delivery, prior to any
transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading
in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements
may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity
of our common stock. 

12 

POTENTIAL FUTURE FINANCINGS MAY DILUTE THE
HOLDINGS OF OUR CURRENT SHAREHOLDERS. 

In order to provide capital for the operation
of our business, in the future we may enter into financing arrangements. These arrangements may involve the issuance of new shares of
common stock, preferred stock that is convertible into common stock, debt securities that are convertible into common stock or warrants
for the purchase of common stock. Any of these items could result in a material increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding,
which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership interests of existing common shareholders. In addition, these new securities
could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting rights, which could affect the value of our existing common stock. 

WE CURRENTLY DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS
ON OUR COMMON STOCK. AS A RESULT, YOUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO ACHIEVE A RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT IS IF THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK APPRECIATES . 

We currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends
on our common stock. In addition, in the future we may enter into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends
on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will be if the market price of our common
stock appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. 

YOU MAY EXPERIENCE DILUTION OF YOUR OWNERSHIP
INTEREST DUE TO THE FUTURE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

We are in a capital intensive business and we
do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of or to support our projected capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional
funds from future equity or debt financings, including tax equity financing transactions or sales of preferred shares or convertible debt,
to complete the development of new projects and pay the general and administrative costs of our business. We may in the future issue our
previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of holders of our common stock. We
are currently authorized to issue 6,500,000,000 shares of common stock. The potential issuance of such additional shares of common stock
or preferred stock or convertible debt may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We may also issue additional
shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or private
placements for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial number of common shares into
the public market, or the perception that such issuance could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common
shares. A decline in the price of our common shares could make it more difficult to raise funds through future offerings of our common
shares or securities convertible into common shares. 

WE HAVE A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF SHARES OF
OUR COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF CERTAIN OUTSTANDING CONVERTIBLE NOTES, AND THE ISSUANCE OF SUCH SHARES UPON EXERCISE OR CONVERSION
WILL HAVE A SIGNIFICANT DILUTIVE IMPACT ON OUR STOCKHOLDERS. SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK FOLLOWING THE
EXPIRATION OF LOCK-UPS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES WILL DILUTE ALL
OTHER STOCKHOLDERS. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 103,500,000
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options and warrants. 

In addition, our articles of incorporation, as
amended, permits the issuance of up to 6,500,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Thus, we have the ability to issue substantial amounts of
Common Stock in the future, which would dilute the percentage ownership held by stockholders. 

13 

FUTURE ISSUANCE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, PREFERRED
STOCK, OPTIONS AND WARRANTS COULD DILUTE THE INTERESTS OF EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. 

We may issue additional shares of our common stock,
preferred stock, options and warrants in the future. The issuance of a substantial amount of common stock, options and warrants could
have the effect of substantially diluting the interests of our current stockholders. In addition, the sale of a substantial amount of
common stock or preferred stock in the public market, or the exercise of a substantial number of warrants and options either in the initial
issuance or in a subsequent resale by the target company in an acquisition which received such common stock as consideration or by investors
who acquired such common stock in a private placement could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

OUR SERIES AA HOLDERS POSSESS SIGNIFICANT
VOTING POWER WITH RESPECT TO OUR VOTING STOCK, WHICH WILL LIMIT YOUR INFLUENCE ON CORPORATE MATTERS. 

There are currently 50,000 shares of Series AA
Preferred Stock held by David Christensen, the Company s CEO. As a result of the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of Series AA Preferred
Stock to Benito Novas, a change of control has occurred. The amended certificate of designation for the Series AA Preferred Stock provides
that all of the holders of the Series AA Preferred Stock together, voting separately as a class, shall have an aggregate vote equal to
sixty-seven (67 percent of the total vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders. The amended certificate of designation for the
Series AA Preferred Stock further provides that a unanimous consent of the holders of Series AA Preferred Stock is necessary for, among
other things, a change in control of the Company, requiring the votes of both Messrs. Christensen and Novas. 

The holder of the Series AA Super Voting Preferred
Stock shall have an aggregate vote equal to sixty-seven (67 percent of the total vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders that
each stockholder of the Corporation s Common Stock is entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (and written
actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for
their action and consideration. 

As a result, our insiders have the ability to
significantly influence our management and affairs through the election and removal of our Board and all other matters requiring stockholder
approval, including any future merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated voting power
could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change-of-control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial
to our stockholders. Furthermore, this concentrated control will limit the practical effect of your influence over our business and affairs,
through any stockholder vote or otherwise. Any of these effects could depress the price of our common stock. 

OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION GRANTS OUR
BOARD THE POWER TO ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON AND PREFERRED SHARES AND TO DESIGNATE OTHER CLASSES OF PREFERRED SHARES, ALL WITHOUT
STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. 

As of December 31, 2022, our authorized capital
consists of 6,500,000,000 shares of common stock and 11,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock, both with a par value of 0.001
per share. Our Board, without any action by our stockholders, may designate and issue shares of preferred stock in such series as it deems
appropriate and establish the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, including dividends, liquidation and voting rights, provided
it is consistent with Delaware law. 

The rights of holders of our preferred stock that
may be issued could be superior to the rights of holders of our shares of common stock. The designation and issuance of shares of capital
stock having preferential rights could adversely affect other rights appurtenant to shares of our common stock. Furthermore, any issuances
of additional stock (common or preferred) will dilute the percentage of ownership interest of then-current holders of our capital stock
and may dilute our book value per share. 

14 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This information is not required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We maintain our current principal office at 433
Plaza Real Suite 275 Boca Raton, Florida 33432. Our phone number is (800) 956-3935. 

Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. entered into the
Cancun lease with HELLIMEX, S.A. DE CV beginning January 16 2022 and ending on January 15, 2024. The property is located in the Tulum
Trade Center, consisting of 1,647 square feet with a monthly rent of 2,714 and security deposit of 5,588. In January 2022, the Company
began the buildout of the clinic and order equipment. The Cancun facility was to be inaugurated in May 2022 is accredited both by the
Mexican General Health Council and Cofepris (Mexican FDA). 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Other than described below, to the Company s knowledge, there
is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization
or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting
our Company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our Company s or our Company s subsidiaries officers or
directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

On May 12, 2015, the Company issued a convertible promissory Note (the
 Note in the principal amount of 25,000 to Tarpon Bay Partners, LLC Tarpon Bay ), whose principal at the
time, is now known as a Bad Actor under SEC rules. On or about January 23, 2017, Tarpon Bay elected to convert principal
and interest under the Note into shares of the Company s common stock. On or about June 6, 2017 the Note was assigned to J.P. Carey
Enterprises, Inc. J.P. ). On or about June 7, 2017, J.P. elected to convert principal and interest under the Note into shares
of the Company s common stock. Joseph Canouse, a principal at J.P. initiated a lawsuit against the Company in Fulton County Court,
in Georgia for, amongst other things, breach of contract. A default judgment was entered into against the Company for failure to response
to these claims. The court then issued an Order of Judgement against the Company in the amount of 282,500 which was recorded in accounts
payable as of December 31, 2017. The Company appealed the Courts decision and in November 2018, while the Court of Appeals affirmed
liability under the judgment, the Court of Appeals vacated the award of the entire judgment amount and remanded the case back to the trial
court with instructions. 

On June 23, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement
agreement for an outstanding lawsuit for consideration of 300,000 in cash and 1,092,866 shares of common stock in the amount of 213,109.
The 513,109 settlement was offset by the 282,000 which was recorded in accounts payable as of December 31, 2017 resulting in expense
of 231,109 during the six months ended June 30, 2021. 

On June 28, 2021, the Company paid 300,000 in
cash and issued 1,092,866 shares of common stock as settlement of the lawsuit, in the amount of 213,109, resulting in an outstanding
balance of 0 as of December 31, 2021. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

15 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information. 

Our common stock is qualified for quotation on
the OTC Markets-OTCPink under the symbol MSSV and has been quoted on the OTCPINK since October 16, 2018. Previously, our
common stock was quoted on the OTC Markets-OTC Pink Current-OTCPink, under the symbol PNOW. There currently is no liquid
trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a significant active trading market in our common stock will develop,
or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. 

The ability of individual stockholders to trade
their shares in a particular state may be subject to various rules and regulations of that state. A number of states require that an issuer s
securities be registered in their state or appropriately exempted from registration before the securities are permitted to trade in that
state. Presently, we have no plans to register our securities in any particular state. Further, our shares may be subject to the provisions
of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, commonly referred to as the penny stock rule. Section 15(g) sets forth
certain requirements for transactions in penny stocks and Rule 15g-9(d)(1) incorporates the definition of penny stock as that used in
Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. 

Holders 

As of March 28, 2023, we had 142 shareholders
of common stock per transfer agent s shareholder list. 

Dividends 

The Company has not paid any cash dividends to
date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management
to utilize all available funds for the growth of the Registrant s business. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The Company does not currently have an equity
compensation plan in place. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On February 24, 2021,
the Company issued 36,232 shares of common stock for consulting services in the amount of 10,000. 

On April 16, 2021, the
Company issued 33,772 shares of common stock for consulting services in the amount of 10,000. 

On June 28, 2021, the
Company issued 1,092,866 shares of common stock as settlement of the lawsuit with Joseph Canouse, in the amount of 213,109 (see footnote
8).. 

On August 18, 2021, Meso
Numismatics, Inc. completed its acquisition of Global Stem Cells Group Inc., through a Stock Purchase Agreement acquiring all the outstanding
capital stock of Global Stem Cells Group Inc and issued a total of 1,000,000 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock and, 8,974 shares of
Series DD Preferred Stock to Benito Novas. 

On August 18, 2021, in
consideration of mutual covenants set forth in the Professional Service Consulting Agreement, Dave Christensen, was granted 896 shares
of Series DD Preferred Stock as compensation. An amount of 448 shares were issued on August 18, 2021 and the remaining 448 were issued
February 18, 2022. 

On December 23, 2021, the Company issued 52,659
shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of 10,000. 

16 

During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase 87,500,000 shares of common stock, at weighted average exercise prices of 0.091
per share. These warrants expire three years from issuance date. 

On March 23, 2022, the
Company issued 76,278 shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of 10,000. 

On May 5, 2022, the Company
issued 89,485 shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of 10,000. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company issued 193,050
shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of 10,000. 

Except where noted, all of the securities discussed
in this Item 5 were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

We are not required to provide the information
required by this item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

General 

The following is a discussion by management of
its view of the Company s business, financial condition, and corporate performance for the past year. The purpose of this information
is to give management s recap of the past year, and to give an understanding of management s current outlook for the near
future. This section is meant to be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations 

Below is a summary of the results of operations for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 
 1,530,223 
 437,887 
 1,092,336 
 249.46 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 653,256 
 287,750 
 365,506 
 127.02 
 
 Gross profit 
 876,967 
 150,137 
 726,830 
 484.11 

Operating expenses 

Advertising and marketing 
 317,796 
 133,451 
 184,345 
 138.14 
 
 Professional fees 
 886,651 
 966,974 
 (80,323 
 -8.31 
 
 Officer compensation 
 90,000 
 563,072 
 (473,072 
 -84.02 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 152,739 
 40,058 
 112,681 
 281.29 
 
 Investor relations 
 190,382 
 100,496 
 89,886 
 89.44 
 
 General and administrative-related party 
 - 
 8,116,269 
 (8,116,269 
 -100.00 
 
 General and administrative 
 424,258 
 149,374 
 274,884 
 184.02 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,061,826 
 10,069,694 
 (8,007,868 
 -79.52 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 (4,403,774 
 (2,724,351 
 (1,679,423 
 -61.64 
 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 13,498 
 3,744 
 9,754 
 260.52 
 
 Settlement of lawsuit 
 - 
 (231,109 
 231,109 
 100.00 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (5,575,135 
 (12,871,273 
 (7,296,138 
 -56.69 

Discontinued operations: 

Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 
 68,313 
 (13,207 
 81,520 
 -617.25 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 68,313 
 (13,207 
 81,520 
 -617.25 
 
 Net loss 
 (5,506,822 
 (12,884,480 
 7,377,658 
 -57.26 

17 

Revenue 

Revenue increased by 249.46 in the amount of
 1,092,336 for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The key reason for the increase in revenue was
a result of the acquisition of Global Stem Cells Group, Inc. on August 18, 2021. 

The following table presents the Company s
revenue by product category for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Training 
 279,404 
 112,970 
 
 Product supplies 
 866,104 
 209,706 
 
 Equipment 
 163,460 
 115,211 
 
 Patient procedures 
 221,255 
 - 
 
 Total revenue 
 1,530,223 
 437,887 

Operating expenses 

Operating expenses decreased by 79.52 in the
amount of 8,007,868 for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. Listed below are the major changes to
operating expenses: 

Advertising and marketing increased by 184,345
for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the acquisition of Global Stem Cells Group,
Inc. on August 18, 2021. 

Officer compensation decreased by 473,072 for
the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the issuance of 896 shares of Series DD Preferred
Stock of the Company in 2021 to Dave Christensen, current Director, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
as compensation pursuant to the Professional Service Consulting Agreement. The 503,072 value of the 896 shares of Series DD Convertible
Preferred Stock is based on converting into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by multiplying
the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company on the date of conversion by 3.17 conversion price offset by
a 30,000 increase in compensation to Mr. David Christensen in 2022. 

Depreciation and amortization increased by 112,681
for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the acquisition of Global Stem Cells Group,
Inc. on August 18, 2021 along with the buildout of the Cancun clinic in 2022. 

General and administrative-related party expense
decrease by 8,116,269 for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the issuance of the
1,000 shares of the Company s Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock to Lans Holdings Inc. terminated and replaced with a cash payment
as consideration. The Company paid Lans Holdings Inc., by delivery in escrow, an amount equal to 8,200,000, offset by 83,731 the value
of the 1,000 shares of the Company s Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock terminated in 2021. 

General and administrative expense increase by
 274,884 for the years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the acquisition of Global Stem Cells
Group, Inc. on August 18, 2021 along with the buildout of the Cancun clinic in 2022. 

Other expense 

Other expense increased by 1,438,650 for the
years ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily as a result of an increase in amortization of discounts
in 2022 offset by the change in fair market value of the convertible notes in 2022 and settlement of lawsuit in 2021. 

Discontinued operations 

On October 28, 2022, we completed the disposition
of our prior coins, paper currency, bullion and medals business by entering into an Agreement of Conveyance, Transfer and Assignment of
Subsidiary with our prior officer and director, Mr. Melvin Pereira, pursuant to which we agreed to sell Mr. Pereira 100 of our interest
in Meso Numismatics Corp., a Florida corporation. In exchange, Mr. Pereira has agreed to assume all of the liabilities of Meso Numismatics,
resulting in a gain of 68,313 in 2022 offset by a loss of 13,207 in 2021. 

Net Loss 

We recorded a net loss of 5,506,822 for the years
ended December 31, 2022, as compared with a net loss of 12,884,480 for the same period ended December 31, 2021. 

18 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since inception, the Company has financed its
operations through private placements and convertible notes. The following is a summary of the cash and cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,645,185 
 2,978,525 
 (1,333,340 
 -44.77 

Summary of Cash Flows 

Below is a summary of the Company s cash
flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used from operating activities-continued operations 
 (1,183,849 
 (9,865,457 
 
 Net cash used from operating activities-discontinued operations 
 69,713 
 (13,207 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,114,136 
 (9,878,664 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 (198,428 
 666,467 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (20,776 
 12,148,188 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,333,340 
 2,935,991 

Operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,114,136
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and consisted of a net loss of 5,506,822, which was offset by a net change in operating assets
and liabilities of 2,553,594 and non-cash items of 1,837,692. The primary non-cash items for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted
of amortization of debt discount of 1,756,764, depreciation and amortization of 152,739 and shares issued for services of 10,000 offset
by change in derivative liabilities of 13,498 and gain on discontinued operations of 68,313. The significant change in operating assets
and liabilities was an increase in accounts payable and accounts receivable. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 9,878,664
during the year ended December 31, 2021 and consisted of a net loss of 12,884,480, which was offset by a net change in operating assets
and liabilities of 1,545,861 and non-cash items of 1,459,955. The primary non-cash items for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted
of amortization of debt discount of 893,959 and shares issued for services and settlement of debt of 494,645. The significant change
in operating assets and liabilities was an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Investing activities 

Net cash used investing activities was 198,428
consisted of cash used for buildout of the Cancun clinic in 2022, as compared to net cash of 666,467 consisted of cash acquired in business
combination and cash to Global Stem Cells Group Inc. during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Financing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was 20,776
consisted of principle payment on debt for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to net cash provided by financing activities
was 12,148,188 consisted of proceeds received from the issuance of promissory notes offset by principle payment on debt and loan to non-affiliate
for 250,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Going Concern 

The financial statements have been prepared assuming
the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses since inception, resulting in an accumulated deficit of
approximately 52,176,465 and a working capital deficit of 10,304,670 as of December 31, 2022 and future losses are anticipated. These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The ability of the Company to continue its operations
as a going concern is dependent on management s plans, which include the raising of capital through debt and/or equity markets with
some additional funding from other traditional financing sources, including term notes, until such time that funds provided by operations
are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. 

19 

The Company will require additional funding to
finance the growth of its current and expected future operations as well to achieve its strategic objectives. There can be no assurance
that financing will be available in amounts or terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our critical accounting policies have not materially
changed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Furthermore, the preparation of our financial statements is in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires management
to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Our management believes that
we consistently apply these judgments and estimates, and the financial statements fairly represent all periods presented. However, any
differences between these judgments and estimates and actual results could have a material impact on our statements of income and financial
position. 

Derivative Instruments 

The derivative instruments are accounted for as
liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair market value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with
changes in fair value recognized in operations for each reporting period. The Company uses the Monte Carlo option pricing model to value
the derivative instruments. 

Stock Based Compensation 

Share-based compensation issued to employees is
measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period. The
Company measures the fair value of the share-based compensation issued to non-employees at the grant date using the stock price observed
in the trading market (for stock transactions) or the fair value of the award (for non-stock transactions), which were considered to be
more reliably determinable measures of fair value than the value of the services being rendered. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In March
2020, the FASB issued optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate
reform on financial reporting and subsequently issued clarifying amendments. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions
for accounting for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or
another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The optional guidance is effective upon issuance
and can be applied on a prospective basis at any time between January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022. 

In October
2021, the FASB issued amended guidance that requires acquiring entities to recognize and measure contract assets and liabilities in a
business combination in accordance with existing revenue recognition guidance. The amended guidance is effective for interim and annual
periods in 2023 and is to be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted on a retrospective basis to the beginning of the fiscal
year of adoption. The adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements
for prior acquisitions; however, the impact in future periods will be dependent upon the contract assets and contract liabilities acquired
in future business combinations. 

In November 2021, the
FASB issued new guidance to increase the transparency of transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or
contribution accounting model by analogy. The guidance requires annual disclosures of such transactions to include the nature of the transactions
and the significant terms and conditions, the accounting treatment and the impact to the company s financial statements. The guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning in 2022 and is to be applied on either a prospective or retrospective basis. 

20 

Other accounting standards and amendments to existing
accounting standards that have been issued and have future effective dates are not applicable or are not expected to have a significant
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements 

Revenue Recognition 

Effective January 1,
2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue from the
sale of products by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations
in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract;
and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. 

The Company s main sources of revenue are
comprised of the following: 

Training-GSCG offers
a Stem Cell Exosomes Certification Program where physicians attending this training sessions will take advantage of a full review
of stem cell biology, characterization and regenerative properties of cells and cell products, cytokines and growth factors and how they
can be apply in a clinic setting. The physicians will pay for the training sessions upfront and receives all the material and certificate
upon completion of seminar. Completion of the seminar is when control
is transferred and when revenue is recognized. 

Products-Physicians
can order SVF Kits through GSCG which includes EC Certificate from Institute for Testing and Certificating, Inc. SVT Kits are paid for
upfront and shipped from a third party directly to physicians. Transfer
of control is when the product is shipped which is when revenue is recognized. 

Equipment- Physicians
can order equipment through GSCG which includes a warranty from manufacture of equipment. Equipment is paid for upfront and shipped from
manufacture directly to physicians. Transfer of control is when the equipment
is shipped which is when revenue is recognized. 

Patient procedures are
the treatments GSCG is offering at its Cancun clinic. The transfer of
control is when the procedures are completed which is when revenue is recognized. 

The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies
a performance obligation by transferring control over a product to a customer. Revenue is measured based on the consideration the Company
receives in exchange for those products. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of these financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The significant estimates included
in these financial statements are associated with accounting for the goodwill, derivative liability valuations, valuation of preferred
stock, fair value estimates, valuation of assets and liabilities in business combination and in its going concern analysis. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The fair value of financial instruments, which
include cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses and advances from related parties were estimated to approximate their carrying values
due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Management is of the opinion that the Company is not exposed
to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from financial instruments. 

Fair value is defined as the price which would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. A three-tier fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies, as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs - Unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Inputs - Inputs other than quoted prices
included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These might include quoted prices for
similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment
speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means. 

21 

Level 3 Inputs - Unobservable inputs for determining
the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash, account payables, and accrued expenses, approximate their
respective fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company does not have any assets or liabilities except for derivative liabilities related to convertible notes payable required to be
measured at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are not required to provide the information
required by this Item because we are a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by this Item
8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 15 hereof. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary
financial information. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports, filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of
controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

22 

As required by the SEC Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b),
we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the
end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described
below. 

1. 
 We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the year ended December 31, 2022. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2. 
 We have inadequate controls to ensure that information necessary to properly record transactions is adequately communicated on a timely basis from non-financial personnel to those responsible for financial reporting. Management evaluated the impact of the lack of timely communication between non financial personnel and financial personnel on our assessment of our reporting controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency represented a material weakness. 

3. 
 The Company failed to account for the acquisition of GSCG using the full purchase accounting method in accordance with ASC 805. 

To address these material weaknesses, management
engaged financial consultants, performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein
fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. We have
not remedied the material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022. The Company plans to take remedial action to address these weaknesses during
the fiscal year ended 2023. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during
the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting, except the implementation of the controls identified above. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

23 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Our current director and executive officer and
his age are listed below. 

Name 
 
 Current Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David Christensen 
 
 57 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer), Secretary and Director 

David Christensen 

From Feb
2001 to present, Dave has been the CEO and EVP of Enterprise Technology Consulting, where he helps companies transform their Leadership
and Operations by driving Strategic Initiatives. As a Black Belt in Lean Six Sigma, he uses the best tools from these Lean Principles
known as Hoshin Kanri (Strategy Deployment) to help companies develop and execute their business objectives. Strategy Deployment
leverages this strong process knowledge and broad business experience to drive continuous improvement and performance breakthroughs that
deliver exceptional value. 

From Dec
2017 to present, Dave has also served as CEO and President of TNT Blockchain Inc, where he leads an international team of Supply Chain
Technology solutions developers. 

From May
2019 to Nov 2019, Dave served as CEO and Director of Lans Holdings, Inc., a company in the payment processor business. 

From Jul
2015 to Present, Dave served as Vice President Strategy Development of Mode Transportation, a company in the freight transportation industry.

From Sep
2015 to Jan 2018, Dave served as Chief Strategy Officer and Director of Lans Holdings, Inc., a company in the payment processor business.

Dave has
previously worked for companies such as Compaq, HP, Cal Cartage, Qualcomm, Wal-Mart International, Rexnord Carlyle, Lans Holdings, Mode
Transportation, Hypercom, and Verifone. 

Aside from
that provided above, Dave does not hold and has not held over the past five years any other directorships in any company with a class
of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act
or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Dave is
qualified to serve as our director for his experience in developing companies. 

Family Relationships. 

There are no family relationships between any
of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

During the past 10 years, none of our current
directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified in Item 401(f) of
Regulation S-K, including: 

1. Any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws
or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business
or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such
filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time
of such filing; 

2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or
being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

24 

3. Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her
from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing
broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by
the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker
or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association
or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. Engaging in any type of business practice;
or 

iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with
the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities
laws; 

4. Being subject to any order, judgment or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more
than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities,
investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding
by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such
civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal
or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to
an alleged violation of: 

i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities
law or regulation; or 

ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial
institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution,
civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or
wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. Being subject to, or a party to, any sanction
or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the
Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))),
or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
with a member. 

Term of Office 

Our directors are appointed at the annual meeting
of shareholders and hold office until the annual meeting of the shareholders next succeeding his or her election, or until his or her
prior death, resignation or removal in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by the Board and hold office until the annual
meeting of the Board next succeeding his or her election, and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject
to earlier termination by his or her death, resignation or removal. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

As December 31, 2022, based on a review solely
of the filings made under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, all reports were timely filed 

25 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021. 

EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Melvin Pereira 
 2021 
 4,860 

4,860 
 
 Chief Former Executive Officer (PEO/PFO) 
 2022 
 - 

- 

David Christensen 
 2021 
 60,000 
 
 503,072 

563,072 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer), Secretary And Director 
 2022 
 90,000 
 
 - 

90,000 

26 

Outstanding Equity Awards at the End of the
Fiscal Year 

We do not have any equity compensation plans and
therefore no equity awards are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

None of the members of the board of directors
of the Company were compensated for services in such capacity. 

Bonuses and Deferred Compensation 

We do not have any bonus, deferred compensation
or retirement plan. All decisions regarding compensation are determined by our board of directors. 

Payment of Post-Termination Compensation 

We do not have change-in-control agreements with
our director or executive officer, and we are not obligated to pay severance or other enhanced benefits to our executive officer upon
termination of her employment. 

Employment Agreements 

On August 18, 2021, the Company entered into a
three year Consulting Agreement with ETC (Enterprise Technology Consulting) owned by David Christensen. Consultant shall be compensated
monthly based on annual rate of 90,000. Additionally, the agreement with ETC includes an issuance of 896 shares of Series DD Preferred
Stock of the Company. An amount of 448 shares are issued on August 18, 2021 and the remaining 448 was issued on February 18, 2022. 

Board of Directors 

Our directors hold office until the next annual
meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by and serves at the
discretion of the board of directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any securities
authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 

Compensation of Directors 

No director received compensation for his services
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth the number of shares
of common stock owned of record and beneficially by our executive officers, directors and persons who hold 5 or more of the outstanding
shares of voting stock of the Company. 

The amounts and percentages of our common stock
beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the
SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, 
which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power
to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which
that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right.
Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the
table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o Meso Numismatics, Inc., 433 Plaza Real Suite 275
Boca Raton, Florida 33432. 

27 

Applicable percentage ownership is based on 12,443,938
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 28, 2023. In addition, as of March 30, 2022, there were 1,050,000 shares of Series AA Preferred
Stock outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Owned Beneficially 
 Percent of Class 
 Series AA Preferred Stock Owned Beneficially 
 Percent of Class 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Dave Christensen 

50,000 
 5 
 
 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (1 person) 

50,000 
 5 
 
 5 or greater shareholders 

Ajene Watson LLC and Digital Asset Monetary Network (1) 
 1,082,477 
 8.7 

Benito Novas 

1,000,000 
 95 

(1) 
 Mr. Ajene Watson has investment and voting control over such shares. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other than
as disclosed below, there have been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently
proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or one percent of the
average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or
will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

The Company s corporate registered office
is 433 Plaza Real Suite, 275, Boca Raton, Florida 33432. The online virtual office lease is for a month to month term at 89.00 per month.
The Company has no physical office leases that required implementation of ASU 842 in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to assets
and liabilities. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

L J Soldinger Associates, LLC served as our independent
registered public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Audit Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we were billed approximately 333,490 and 109,445, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent
auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

Audit Related Fees 

There were no fees for audit related services
rendered by our independent auditors for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and
tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

For the Company s fiscal years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we were no billed any other fees by our auditors. 

28 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

The following documents are included on pages F-1
through F-28 attached hereto and are files as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reference is made to the Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements on Page F-1.(a)(2) EXHIBITS 

(a)(2) 
 EXHIBITS 

We have filed the exhibits
listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index of this registration statement and below in this Item 15: 

Incorporated by 

Exhibit 

Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Plan of Merger 
 
 10-12G 
 
 2.1 
 
 12/12/2018 

2.2 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 6/24/2021 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as Amended 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/12/2018 

3.2 
 
 Series AA Certificate of Designation 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/12/2018 

3.3 
 
 Series BB Certificate of Designation 
 
 10-12G 
 
 3.3 
 
 12/12/2018 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series AA Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/29/2019 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series CC Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/29/2019 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series DD Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 11/29/2019 

3.7 
 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series AA Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 6/24/2021 

3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 11/29/2019 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered 

X 

4.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 9, 2020 to JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

4.3 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 6, 2021 to JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

4.4 
 
 Senior Secured Promissory Note dated June 22, 2021 with Growth Ventures 

X 

4.5 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 20, 2021 with Growth Ventures 

X 

10.1 
 
 Binding Letter of Intent 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/15/2019 

10.2 
 
 Exchange Agreement of Series BB Convertible Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/29/2019 

10.3 
 
 Repurchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/29/2019 

10.4 
 
 Consulting Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/19/2021 

10.5 
 
 Debt Restructure Agreement, dated December 7, 2020 with JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

10.6 
 
 Debt Restructure Agreement, dated December 7, 2020 with Eagle Equities, LLC 

X 

10.7 
 
 Debt Restructure Agreement, dated December 7, 2020 with Union Capital, LLC 

X 

29 

10.8 
 
 Loan Agreement dated December 9, 2020 with JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

10.9 
 
 Loan Agreement dated December 30, 2021 with JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

10.10 
 
 Loan Agreement dated December 30, 2021 with JCC Trading, LLC 

X 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. 
 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated April 14, 2023 
 MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ David Christensen 

David Christensen 

President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
 Officer, Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

31 

ITEM 15 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Director and 
Stockholders of Meso Numismatics, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Meso Numismatics, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit of approximately 52,200,000 and a loss from continuing operations of 5.5 million, that raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 14, 2023 

PCAOB Audit ID # 

F- 2 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Right of use asset, net 
 
 -

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Liabilities held for sale 
 -

Accrued interest 

Customer advances 

Stock payable-related party 
 -

Stock payable 
 -

Derivative liability 

Lease liability 
 
 -

Notes payable, net 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable, net of current portion 

Notes payable-related parties 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value per share shares authorized as Series AA; shares issued and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized as Series DD; and shares issued and outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and issuable and and shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Advertising and marketing 

Professional fees 

Officer compensation 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Investor relations 

General and administrative-related party 
 -

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Gain on derivative financial instruments 

Settlement of lawsuit 
 -

Loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss)per share from: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 
 
 -

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Series AA 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series DD 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

- 

Issuance of preferred series DD for services-related party 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

- 
 -
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Series CC 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series AA 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series BB 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series DD Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

-
 
 -

Settlement of lawsuit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of preferred series DD for services-related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Cancellation of preferred series BB 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of preferred series CC-related party 

- 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of preferred series AA for acquisition of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of preferred series DD for acquisition of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Imputed interest on debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income (Loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

MESO NUMISMATICS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Gain from changes in derivative liability fair values 

Common shares issued for services 

Common shares issued for settlement of lawsuit 
 -

Preferred shares issued for services 
 -

Imputed interest on debt 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 
 -

Other assets 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Stock payable 
 -

Cash used for operating activities-continuing operations 

Depreciation discontinued operations 
 
 -

Gain (loss) on discontinued operations 

Cash provided (used) for operating activities-discontinued operations 

CASH USED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash acquired in business combination 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

CASH PROVIDED/(USED) BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 
 -

Loan to non-affiliate 
 -

Principle payment on debt 

CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for interest 

NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Stock issued through stock payable 
 
 -

Right of use asset financed through payable 
 
 -

Warrants discount issued on debt 
 -

Cancellation of preferred series BB 
 -

Cancellation of preferred series CC 
 -

Issuance of preferred series AA for acquisition 
 -

Issuance of preferred series DD for acquisition 
 -

Discount issued on convertible debt 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

MESO
NUMISMATICS, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLDIATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December
31, 2022 

shares of Series BB preferred stock to Meso to acquire
one hundred percent of Meso s common stock. The Company accounted for the acquisition as common control, as Melvin Pereira,
the CEO and principal shareholder of the Company controlled, operated and owned both companies. On November 16, 2016, the date of the
Merger Agreement and June 30, 2017, the date of the Debt Settlement Agreement, Melvin Pereira, CEO of Pure Hospitality Solutions, owned
 of the stock of Meso Numismatics, Inc. Pure Hospitality Solutions, Inc. and Meso Numismatics, Inc. first came under common control
on June 30, 2017. 

shares of the Company s Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock to Lans Holdings Inc. was terminated and replaced with
a cash payment as consideration. The Company paid Lans Holdings Inc., by delivery in escrow, an amount equal to USD , which
Cash Payment was used by Lans Holdings Inc. for the repurchase of all of its shares of common stock from its common shareholders. The
company paid on November 3, 2021 the USD in cash to an escrow account set up by Lans Holdings Inc.. The million was expensed
in the income statement as General and Administrative Expense Related Party for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

of our interest in Meso Numismatics Corp., a Florida
corporation. In exchange, Mr. Pereira has agreed to assume all of the liabilities of Meso Numismatics, provide whatever financial
and other materials needed by us to prepare and complete our financial statements for reporting purposes, and to not disparage our company.
The Company reclassified of liabilities outstanding resulting in a gain on discontinued operations at December 31, 2022. 

F- 8 

from time to time. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

Convertible preferred stock outstanding 

Shares underlying warrants outstanding 

F- 11 

Total 
 -
 
 -

December 31, 2021 

Derivative liability 

Total 
 -
 
 -

F- 12 

and a working capital deficit of as of December 31, 2022 and
future losses are anticipated. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

F- 13 

Product supplies 

Equipment 

Patient procedures 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenue 

-

Cost of revenue 
 
 -

Gross profit 
 
 -

Gross Profit 

Assets 

Net loss 

F- 14 

. Upon the Company s mailing of the Exchange
Agreement, the shareholder had the option, within 30 days of such mailing date and subject to the execution of this Agreement to receive
the Indebtedness in the form of a convertible note. If the shareholder did not provide the form of a convertible note in writing to Meso
Numismatics, Inc. the Indebtedness would automatically be issued in the form of a promissory note. The convertible note agreements bear
no interest and have a four (4) year maturity date. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity. There
are no shares of common stock issuable upon the execution of the promissory notes. The notes are convertible, at the investors 
sole discretion, into shares of common stock at conversion price equal to the lowest bid price of the Common Stock as reported
on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Markets exchange for the three prior trading days including the day upon which a Notice
of Conversion is received by the Company. As of December 31, 2019, Preferred Series BB shares were exchanged for an aggregate
of convertible notes. During the years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company made and ,
respectively of payments on the outstanding convertible notes. 

Less: Discount 

Convertible notes payable, net 

and , respectively of debt discount amortization
expense and made and , respectively of payments on the outstanding convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, the Company had approximately and , respectively of accrued interest. 

and have a (1) maturity date. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity.
There are no shares of common stock issuable upon the execution of the promissory notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal
balance of the outstanding loan was and , respectively and accrued interest of and , respectively.. 

F- 15 

. Upon the Company s mailing of the Exchange
Agreement, the shareholder shall have the option, within 30 days of such mailing date and subject to the execution of this Agreement
to receive the Indebtedness in the form of a convertible note. Should the shareholder not give the Meso Numismatics, Inc. notice the
Indebtedness shall automatically be issued in the form of a promissory note. The promissory note agreements bear no interest and have
a four (4) year maturity date with a premium to be paid upon maturity. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior
to maturity. As of December 31, 2019, Preferred Series BB shares were exchange for an aggregate of promissory notes.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate loan balances outstanding was and , respectively and unamortized discount
of and , respectively. 

shares of the shares of Series BB preferred stock to acquire one hundred percent of Meso s common stock into shares of the Company s common stock and elected to exchange the remaining
 shares of Series BB preferred stock for a promissory note of , which is shown as a related party note payable on the balance
sheet on December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of principal, default penalty and accrued but unpaid interest on convertible notes
for promissory notes and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common stock with three separate lenders.
The new notes have a maturity date of November 23, 2023 and an aggregate principal amount of shall bear interest at a fifteen percentage compounded annual interest rate and, as an incentive; we have issued cashless warrants to purchase shares
of our common stock at an exercise price of per share in connection with the restructuring. The Company recorded the fair value
of the warrants issued with debt at approximately at December 31, 2020 as a discount. Lender is granted security
interest and lien in all rights, title and interest in the assets and property of the as collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the aggregate loan balances outstanding was and , respectively and unamortized discount of and ,
respectively. 

which bear compounded annual
interest at eighteen percent and have a two (2) year maturity date and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common
stock. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity. The lender had advanced a total of , net of
discount in the amount of to the Company. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants issued with debt at approximately
 at December 31, 2020 as a discount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding loan balance was and ,
respectively and unamortized discount of and , respectively. 

which bear interest at eighteen percent and have a one (1) year maturity date and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, at exercise
prices of per share. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity. The lender had advanced a total
of , net of discount in the amount of to the Company. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants
issued with debt at approximately at the date of issuance as a discount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding loan
balance was and , respectively and unamortized discount of and , respectively. This loan is currently
in default. 

which bear interest at twelve percent and have a three (3) year maturity date and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, at exercise
prices of per share. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity. The lender had advanced a total
of , net of discount in the amount of to the Company. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants
issued with debt at approximately at the date the warrants were issued as a discount. Lender is granted senior security interest
and lien in all rights, title and interest in the assets and property of the Company as collateral. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the outstanding loan balance was and , respectively and unamortized discount of and , respectively. 

of the outstanding shares of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. the Company
acquired a 2018 Jaguar F-Pace which was acquired from Benito Novas for on January 8, 2019 and assumed the related auto loan,
with an original loan amount of at interest for 48 months and monthly payments of . As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the principal balance of the outstanding auto loan was and , respectively. 

F- 16 

of the outstanding shares of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. the Company
assumed the November 17, 2020, agreement with an Investor for proceeds in the amount of treated as a promissory. In exchange
for the gross proceeds, the Investor shall receive the right to a perpetual (payment percentage) of the revenues of Global Stem
Cell Group. The payments of the payment percentage shall be calculated by multiplying the gross quarterly revenues appearing in the financial
statements by the payment percentage and treated as accrued interest. Payments shall be made ninety (90) days from the end of each respective
fiscal quarter with the first payment to be made on the quarter ending December 31, 2020. Payments may be accrued and deferred if payment
would deplete cash, cash equivalent and/or short term investment balances on each respective fiscal quarter by more than twenty (20 percent. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal balance of the outstanding loan was and , respectively and
accrued interest totals and , respectively. This debt instrument is currently in default due to the non-payment of interest. 

which bear interest at
twelve percent and have a three (3) year maturity date and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common stock,
at exercise prices of per share. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior to maturity. The lender had advanced
a total of , net of discount in the amount of to the Company. The Company recorded the fair value of the 
warrants issued with debt at approximately at the time of issuance as a discount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding
loan balance was and , respectively and unamortized discount of and , repectively. 

and
accrued interest in the amount of by issuing a new promissory note and extend the date of maturity. In consideration for the new
terms, the Promissory Debenture dated December 30, 2021 shall include a five percent premium for a total of which bear interest
at twelve percent and have a seventeen (17) months maturity date. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time prior
to maturity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding loan balance was and , repectively and unamortized discount
of and , respectively. 

and
accrued interest in the amount of by issuing a new promissory note and extend the date of maturity. In consideration for the
new terms, the Promissory Debenture dated December 30, 2021 shall include a five percent premium for a total of which bear
interest at twelve percent and have a seventeen (17) months maturity date. The notes may be repaid in whole or in part at any time
prior to maturity. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding loan balance was and , respectively and unamortized
discount of and , respectively. 

Less: Discount 

Less: Deferred finance costs 

Promissory notes payable, net 

F- 17 

and payments, respectively on the outstanding
promissory notes, and recorded and , respectively of interest expense and and , respectively
of debt discount amortization expense. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately and ,
respectively of accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the principal balance of outstanding promissory notes
payable was and , respectively. 

Market value of common stock on measurement date 

Adjusted exercise price 

Risk free interest rate 

Instrument lives in years 
 Year 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yields 
 None 

of principal, default penalty and accrued but unpaid interest on convertible notes
for promissory notes and cashless warrants to purchase shares of our common stock which eliminated the derivative
liability associated with this debt. 

Fair value loss 

Conversions 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additions 
 -

Fair value gain 

Conversions 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

shares of a new series of preferred stock,
par value per share, designated Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock, for which the board of directors established
the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

F- 18 

per share. If not converted
prior, on the Automatic Conversion Date, any and all remaining issued and outstanding shares of Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock
shall automatically convert at the Conversion Price, which is a price per share determined by dividing the number of issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company on the date of conversion by and multiply the results by . 

and multiplying the results by conversion price. 

shares of its Series CC Convertible Preferred
Stock valued at calculated based on the conversion provision of the Company s Articles of Incorporation filed with the
Secretary of State in Nevada on November 26, 2019. Shareholders of outstanding shares of Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to convert part or all of its shares of Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock into a number of fully paid and nonassessable
shares of common stock at a price per share determined by dividing the number of issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Company
on the date of conversion by and multiply the results by conversion price. 

to shares of the Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock. 

shares of the Company s Series CC Convertible Preferred Stock to Lans Holdings Inc. was terminated and replaced with
a cash payment as consideration. 

F- 19 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

shares of common stock as settlement of the lawsuit, which were valued in the amount of 
(see footnote 8).. 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

shares of common stock for consulting services which were valued in the amount of . 

and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of common stock, at exercise prices of 
per share. These warrants expire from issuance date. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants issued
with debt at approximately at December 31, 2020 as a discount. 

shares of common stock, at exercise prices of per share. These
warrants expire from issuance date. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants issued with debt at approximately
 as a discount. 

shares of common stock, at exercise prices of per share. These
warrants expire from issuance date. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants issued with debt at approximately
 as a discount. 

shares of common stock, at exercise prices of per share.
These warrants expire from issuance date. The Company recorded the fair value of the warrants issued with debt
at approximately as a discount. 

F- 20 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at year ended December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at quarter ended December 31, 2022 

,
expected life years, expected dividend rate of and expected volatility ranging of . 

to , term of years, dividend rate of and historical volatility ranging between, to . The
final value assigned to the warrants was determined using a relative fair value calculation between the amount of warrants and promissory
notes. 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

percent of the total vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders that each stockholder of the Corporation s
Common Stock is entitled to vote at each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (and written actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings)
with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action and consideration. 

shares of the Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock. 

F- 21 

shares of its Series AA Series AA Super Voting
Preferred Stock for an aggregate total purchase price equal to , representing all of the Series AA shares held by E-Network de
Costa Rica S.A. and S M Chuah Enterprises Ltd., respectively. 

shares of Series AA to Mr. David Christensen. 

shares
of Series AA Preferred Stock in the Company, shares of Series DD Preferred Stock in the Company and USD (the final payment
of was made on July 2, 2021). 

and preferred shares of Series AA Preferred Stock issued
and outstanding, respectively. During the period of these financial statements, no dividend was declared or paid on the Series AA preferred
shares. 

shares of a new series of preferred stock, par value per share, designated Series
BB Preferred Stock, for which the board of directors established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

. Upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the affairs of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series BB Preferred Stock shall be entitled to share equally and ratably in proportion
to the preferred stock owned by the holder to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or earnings available for
distribution, any amounts which will be otherwise available to and distributed to the common shareholders. 

F- 22 

shares of a new series of preferred stock, par value per share, designated Series DD
Convertible Preferred Stock, for which the board of directors established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

conversion price. 

shares
of Series AA Preferred Stock in the Company, shares of Series DD Preferred Stock in the Company and USD (the final payment
of was made on July 2, 2021). 

The full amount of was expensed at the date of grant, as
a matter of accounting policy. 

and preferred shares of Series DD Convertible Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding, respectively. During the period of these financial statements, no dividend was declared or paid on the Series
DD preferred shares. 

F- 23 

Amounts paid to Enterprise Technology
Consulting, a Company owned by Dave Christensen, CEO, for consulting services during 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

. The amount was recorded
as an expense for services rendered. 

of the outstanding shares of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. the Company
acquired a 2018 Jaguar F-Pace which was acquired from Benito Novas for on January 8, 2019 and assumed the related auto loan,
with an original loan amount of at interest for 48 months and monthly payments of . As of December 31, 2022, the
principal balance of the outstanding auto loan was . 

and from August 18, 2021 to December
31, 2021 in aggregate . 

to Tarpon
Bay Partners, LLC Tarpon Bay whose principal at the time is now known as a Bad Actor under SEC rules. On
or about January 23, 2017, Tarpon Bay elected to convert principal and interest under the Note into shares of the Company s common
stock. On or about June 6, 2017 the Note was assigned to J.P. Carey Enterprises, Inc. J.P. ). On or about June 7, 2017,
J.P. elected to convert principal and interest under the Note into shares of the Company s common stock. Joseph Canouse, a principal
at J.P., initiated a lawsuit against the Company in Fulton County Court, in Georgia for, among other things, breach of contract. A default
judgment was entered into against the Company for failure to respond to these claims. The court then issued an Order of Judgement against
the Company in the amount of which was recorded in accounts payable as of December 31, 2017. The Company appealed the Courts 
decision and in November 2018, while the Court of Appeals affirmed liability under the judgment, the Court of Appeals vacated the award
of the entire judgment amount and remanded the case back to the trial court with instructions. 

in cash and 
shares of common stock in the amount of . The settlement was offset by the which was recorded in accounts payable
as of December 31, 2017 resulting in expense of during the six months ended June 30, 2021. 

in cash and issued shares of common stock as settlement of the lawsuit, in the amount
of , resulting in an outstanding balance of as of December 31, 2021. 

(twenty-seven and a half percent) of the fair market
value of the Assets. 

F- 24 

square feet with a monthly
rent of and security deposit of . During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company paid in rent expense. 

year useful life) 

Leasehold improvements year useful life) 
 
 -

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

of the outstanding shares of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. were acquired for
 in cash, the issuance of shares of preferred series AA stock and the issuance of shares of preferred series
DD stock. 

Series AA Preferred Stock. 

shares of Series AA Preferred Stock. The total number of the outstanding Series
AA Preferred shares was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 25 

Fair value of shares of preferred series AA stock 

Fair value of shares of preferred series DD stock 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Note payables 

Due to MESO 

Total consideration 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total fair value of assets acquired 

Consideration paid in excess of fair value (Goodwill) (1) 

Intellectual Property / Licenses 

Customer Base 

Intangible assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Total intangible assets, net 

years. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recorded amortization expense of the intellectual property of and , respectively. 

F- 26 

is due to the change in the valuation allowance. 

for December 31, 2022, as follows 

Non-deductible 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit) per financial statements 
 -

Less valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

at December 31, 2022, which
expires commencing in 2037. 

square feet with a monthly
rent of and a security deposit of . 

F- 27 

2024 

2025 
 -

2026 
 -

2027 
 -

Total undiscounted cash payments 

Less interest 

Present value of payments 

of the outstanding shares of Global Stem Cell Group, Inc. were acquired for
 in cash, the issuance of shares of preferred series AA stock and the issuance of shares of preferred series
DD stock. 

Impairment 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Acquisition 
 -

Impairment 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

of our interest in Meso Numismatics Corp., a Florida corporation. 
In exchange, Mr. Pereira has agreed to assume all of the liabilities of Meso Numismatics, provide whatever financial and other materials
needed by us to prepare and complete our financial statements for reporting purposes, and to not disparage our company. The Company reclassified
 of liabilities outstanding resulting in a gain on discontinued operations at December 31, 2022. 

F-28 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_mesonumis.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following summary describes
the common stock of Meso Numismatics, Inc., a Nevada corporation we, Meso or the Company ),
which is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Only the Company s common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following description of
our common stock is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and our Bylaws,
as amended, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and by applicable law. 

Our authorized capital stock
consists of 6,5,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share, and 11,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a
par value of 0.001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 12,443,938 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, 1,050,000
shares of Series AA Preferred Stock and 9,870 shares of Series DD Preferred Stock. Our shares of common stock are held by approximately
140 stockholders of record as of December 31, 2022. 

Common Stock 

Our common stock is entitled
to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as otherwise
required by law or provided in any resolution adopted by our board of directors with respect to any series of preferred stock, the holders
of our common stock will possess all voting power. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority
(or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality) of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of our common stock that are
present in person or represented by proxy, subject to any voting rights granted to holders of any preferred stock. Holders of our common
stock representing fifty percent (50 of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy,
are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares
is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation.
Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

Subject to any preferential
rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock created by our board of directors from time to time, the holders of shares of our
common stock will be entitled to such cash dividends as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors from funds available,
therefore. 

Subject to any preferential
rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock created from time to time by our board of directors, upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, the holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets available for distribution to
such holders. 

In the event of any merger
or consolidation with or into another company in connection with which shares of our common stock are converted into or exchangeable for
shares of stock, other securities or property (including cash), all holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive the same kind
and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property (including cash). Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights,
no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors is authorized
by our articles of incorporation to divide the authorized shares of our preferred stock into one or more series, each of which must be
so designated as to distinguish the shares of each series of preferred stock from the shares of all other series and classes. Our board
of directors is authorized, within any limitations prescribed by law and our articles of incorporation, to fix and determine the designations,
rights, qualifications, preferences, limitations and terms of the shares of any series of preferred stock including, but not limited to,
the following: 

(1) The number of shares constituting that series and the distinctive
designation of that series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title; 

(2) The dividend rate on the shares of that series, whether dividends
will be cumulative, and if so, from which date(s), and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of dividends on shares of
that series; 

(3) Whether that series will have voting rights, in addition
to the voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights; 

(4) Whether that series will have conversion privileges, and,
if so, the terms and conditions of such conversion, including provision for adjustment of the conversion rate in such events as the Board
of Directors determines; 

(5) Whether or not the shares of that series will be redeemable,
and, if so, the terms and conditions of such redemption, including the date or date upon or after which they are redeemable, and the
amount per share payable in case of redemption, which amount may vary under different conditions and at different redemption dates; 

(6) Whether that series will have a sinking fund for the redemption
or purchase of shares of that series, and, if so, the terms and amount of such sinking fund; 

(7) The rights of the shares of that series in the event of voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, and the relative rights of priority, if any, of payment of
shares of that series; and 

(8) Any other relative rights, preferences and limitations of
that series. 

Designation of Series AA Super Voting Preferred
Stock 

On May 2, 2014, the Company
filed with the Secretary of State with Nevada in the form of a Certificate of Designation that authorized the issuance of up to one million
(1,000,000) shares of a new series of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, designated Series AA Super Voting Preferred
Stock, for which the board of directors established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

All of the Holders of the Series
AA Super Voting Preferred Stock together, voting separately as a class, shall have an aggregate vote equal to sixty-seven (67 percent
of the total vote on all matters submitted to the stockholders that each stockholder of the Corporation s Common Stock is entitled
to vote at each meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (and written actions of stockholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any
and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action and consideration. 

2 

The holders of the Series AA
Super Voting Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends paid on the Company s common stock. 

Upon liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the affairs of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock
shall not be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether from capital or earnings available for distribution, any amounts
which will be otherwise available to and distributed to the common shareholders. 

The shares of the Series AA
Super Voting Preferred Stock will not be convertible into the shares of the Company s common stock. 

On November 26, 2019, the Company
filed with the Secretary of State with Nevada an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, authorizing the increase
to 1,050,000 shares of the Series AA Super Voting Preferred Stock. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the Company has 1,050,000 and 1,050,000 preferred shares of Series AA Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Designation of Series DD Convertible Preferred
Stock 

On November 26, 2019, the Company
filed with the Secretary of State with Nevada an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, authorizing ten thousand
(10,000) shares of a new series of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, designated Series DD Convertible Preferred Stock, 
for which the board of directors established the rights, preferences and limitations thereof. 

Each holder of outstanding
shares of Series DD Convertible Preferred Stock shall be entitled to its shares of Series DD Convertible Preferred Stock into a number
of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock determined by multiplying the number of issued and outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company on the date of conversion by 3.17 conversion price. 

The holders of the Series DD
Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive dividends paid on the Company s common stock. 

The holders of the Series DD
Convertible Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any matter submitted to the shareholders of the Company for their vote, waiver,
release or other action. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the Company had 9,870 and 9,422 preferred shares of Series DD Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

3 

Provisions in Our Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws That Would Delay, Defer or Prevent a Change in Control 

Our articles of incorporation
authorize our board of directors to issue a class of preferred stock commonly known as a blank check preferred stock. Specifically,
the preferred stock may be issued from time to time by the board of directors as shares of one (1) or more classes or series. Our board
of directors, subject to the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and limitations imposed by law, is authorized to adopt resolutions;
to issue the shares; to fix the number of shares; to change the number of shares constituting any series; and to provide for or change
the following: the voting powers; designations; preferences; and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, qualifications,
limitations or restrictions, including the following: dividend rights, including whether dividends are cumulative; dividend rates; terms
of redemption, including sinking fund provisions; redemption prices; conversion rights and liquidation preferences of the shares constituting
any class or series of the preferred stock. 

In each such case, we will
not need any further action or vote by our shareholders. One of the effects of undesignated preferred stock may be to enable the board
of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest, merger
or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of shares of preferred stock pursuant to the board
of director's authority described above may adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock. For example, preferred stock issued
by us may rank prior to the common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both, may have full or limited voting rights
and may be convertible into shares of common stock. Accordingly, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may discourage bids for the
common stock at a premium or may otherwise adversely affect the market price of the common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid
any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business.
As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions 

Nevada Revised Statutes sections
78.378 to 78.379 provide state regulation over the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations unless the articles
of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that the provisions of these sections do not apply. Our articles of incorporation
and bylaws do not state that these provisions do not apply. The statute creates a number of restrictions on the ability of a person or
entity to acquire control of a Nevada company by setting down certain rules of conduct and voting restrictions in any acquisition attempt,
among other things. The statute is limited to corporations that are organized in the state of Nevada and that have 200 or more stockholders,
at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of the State of Nevada; and does business in the State of Nevada directly
or through an affiliated corporation. Because of these conditions, the statute currently does not apply to our company. 

4 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-2_mesonumis.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED DECEMBER 9, 2020 TO JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit 4.2 

ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT 

 PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Amount: 110,000 USD 
 Issue Date: December 9, 2020 

Meso
Numismatics Inc., a Nevada corporation (herein called the Maker ), for value received, hereby promises to pay
to Investor Holder ), on the Maturity Date (hereinafter defined), or earlier as hereinafter provided the
principal sum of One Hundred and Ten Thousand Dollars 110,000.00) (the Principal ), and to pay interest on such
Principal, as set forth below. 

WHEREAS,
 for value received by the Maker from the Holder in the amount of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 100,000), the Maker wishes to issue
this Original Issue Discount Promissory Note in the amount of One Hundred and Ten Thousand Dollars 110,000.00). 

1) Definitions. 

a) The
 term Maturity Date shall mean December 9, 2023. 

b) The
 term Event of Default shall mean any event specified in Section 7(a)
 of this Note. 

c) The
 term Note shall mean this Original Issue Discount Promissory Note. 

2) Payment
 Terms. This Note shall bear interest at a 15 compounded annual interest rate Interest ),
 which shall become due and payable at the Maturity Date. In no event shall Holder be entitled
 to receive interest in excess of the legally permissible rate of interest. In the event that
 Holder receives payments under this Note that are deemed excessive interest under applicable
 law, such excess will be applied first to the costs referred to in Section 11 hereof and
 then to the Principal of this Note. If, in such instance, such costs and the Principal are
 paid in full, any remaining excess shall be refunded to the Maker. 

3) Acceleration.
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Note to the contrary, upon the occurrence of
 an Event of Default (hereinafter defined) under this Note, the Principal and all then accrued
 interest thereon shall become immediately due and payable, without demand, notice or other
 action by Holder. All payments received by Holder after an Event of Default under this Note
 will be applied first to the costs referred to in Section 11 hereof, then to all accrued
 interest hereunder and next to the Principal of this Note. 

4) Place
 and Manner of Payment. All payments of Principal and Interest under this Note (and
 all other amounts payable hereunder) shall be made to Holder on the Maturity Date, or earlier
 as and to the extent provided in this Note, at the address of Holder herein before set forth
 or, at Holder s request, to Holder at such other place as Holder may, from time to time,
 designate in writing (or by wire transfer pursuant to written instructions provided to Maker
 by Holder). If any payment hereunder becomes due on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday,
 such payment shall become due on the next business day. All payments of Principal and interest
 under this Note shall be deemed made only upon receipt by Holder. 

5) Prepayment. The
 Maker shall have the right to prepay the unpaid Principal of this Note, and/or any compound interest accrued thereon, in whole or in
 part, at any time prior to the Maturity Date without a penalty or premium. 

6) Fees. Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and professional fees. 

7) Default. 

a) If
 one or more of the following events shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether such
 occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of
 law or pursuant to or in compliance with any judgment, decree or order of any court or any
 order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), each such event shall,
 for the purposes of this Note, be deemed an Event of Default : 

i) default
 by the Maker in payment of the Principal of this Note or any accrued interest hereunder,
 as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at Maturity Date, on a date fixed
 for payment, prepayment, or by acceleration or otherwise; or 

ii) default
 by the Maker in the performance or observance by it of any other covenant, agreement, term
 or condition contained in this Note; or 

iii) the
 Maker s making of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or admitting in writing
 its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 

iv) a
 trustee, liquidator or receiver being appointed for the Maker for a substantial part of its
 property or business without its consent; or 

v) any
 governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
 agency assuming custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
 or assets of the Maker; or 

vi) one
 or more money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment, or similar process, in excess of
 five thousand dollars 5,000) in the aggregate, is entered or filed against the Maker or
 any of its properties or other assets and remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed
 for a period of fifteen (15) days; or 

vii) the
 entry of a final order, judgment or decree adjudicating the Maker bankrupt or insolvent;
 or 

viii) the
 Maker s petitioning or applying to any court of competent jurisdiction or other tribunal
 for the appointment of a trustee or receiver, or of any substantial part of its assets or
 properties, or the commencement by the Maker of any proceedings under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
 insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution, or similar law of any jurisdiction whether
 now or hereafter in effect; or the filing of any such petition or application, or the commencement
 of any such proceedings, against the Maker, if the Maker by any act indicates its approval
 thereof, consents or acquiesces therein, or the entry of any order, judgment or decree appointing
 any such trustee or receiver, or approves the petition in any such proceedings, if such order,
 judgment or decree remains unstayed or unbonded and in effect for more than thirty (30) days;
 or 

2 

ix) the
 Maker has its Common Stock delisted from an exchange (including the OTC Markets exchange)
 or, if the Common Stock trades on an exchange, and trading in the Common Stock is suspended
 for more than 10 consecutive days or the Maker causes itself to lose the bid 
 price for its stock in a market (including the OTC marketplace or other exchange) or if it
 ceases to file its 1934 act reports with the SEC; 

x) the
 Maker transfers all or substantially all of its assets to any person, or third party
 in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or undergoes a change of control
 or effects any consolidation or merger with or into another person or entity in which the
 Maker is not the surviving entity. 

b) Upon
 the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Holder of this Note may, by notice in writing
 to the Maker, declare the Principal of this Note then outstanding, and all interest accrued
 thereon, to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or other notice of
 any kind, all of which are hereby waived, and upon any such notice the same shall become
 and shall be immediately due and payable, notwithstanding anything contained in this Note
 to the contrary. 

8) Loan
 Reinstatement. If, at any time after payment in full of this Note, any payments previously
 made under this Note must be disgorged by the Holder for any reason whatsoever, this Note
 shall be reinstated as to all disgorged payments as if such payments had not been made, until
 payment in full of all obligations of the Maker under this Note are made. 

9) Waiver
 of Presentment, Demand and Notice. The Maker hereby waives presentment for payment,
 demand, notice of demand, notice of non-payment or dishonor, protest and notice of protest
 of this Note, and all other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
 default, or enforcement of the terms of this Note (except as specifically provided elsewhere
 in this Note) and the Maker hereby agrees that its liability under this Note shall be without
 regard to the liability of any other party, including any guarantor of this Note, and shall
 not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification
 granted or consented to by Holder. The Maker hereby agrees that additional makers, endorsers,
 guarantors or sureties may become parties to this Note without notice to the Maker and without
 affecting the Maker s liability hereunder. 

10) Right
 to Cure. Regardless of anything stated otherwise, Maker shall have ten (10) business
 days to cure any breach of this Note by remitting payment of all amounts due and owing hereunder
 to the Holder from the date of written notice of default. 

11) Costs
 of Collection. In the event that Holder shall take any action to enforce its rights
 under this Note after an Event of Default, including the commencement of any legal action
 or proceeding to enforce the terms of this Note, the Holder shall be entitled to recover
 from the Maker, upon demand, all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection therewith
 (including, without limitation, all of Holder s attorneys fees and disbursements),
 together with interest on any judgment obtained against Maker, at the then prevailing legal
 rate of interest. 

3 

12) Remedies
 Cumulative. The rights and remedies of Holder provided in this Note shall be cumulative
 and concurrent and exclusive of all rights and remedies provided by law or in equity and
 Holder may, at its election, pursue its rights and remedies against the Maker hereunder or
 thereunder, singly, successively, or together, at the sole discretion of Holder, and all
 of such rights and remedies may be exercised separately as often as occasion therefor shall
 occur. The failure of Holder to exercise any such right or remedy shall in no event be construed
 as a waiver or release thereof. 

13) Severability.
 If any provision of this Note is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of
 competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and
 effect and shall be unaffected thereby. 

14) No
 Waiver by Holder. Holder shall not be deemed, by any act of omission or commission,
 to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder unless such waiver is in writing and
 signed by Holder, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in any such writing.
 A waiver of one event shall not be construed as continuing or constitute a bar to or waiver
 of any right or remedy with respect to a subsequent event. 

15) Modification;
 Governing Law. The provisions of this Note may not be modified or amended except
 by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be bound thereby. This Note and the respective
 rights and obligations of the Maker and Holder hereunder shall be governed by and construed
 in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada without regard for the conflicts of law
 principles thereof. 

16) Notice .
 Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Agreement is required or provided to
 be given shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or served for all purposes by (i)
 being delivered in person to the party to whom the notice or demand is directed or (ii) by
 being sent as first class mail, postage prepaid, or (iii) being sent via nationally recognized
 overnight carrier, in any event to the address provided on the signature page, or if any
 other address shall at any time be designated by Maker in writing to the holders of record
 of the Note at the time of such designation to such other address Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 no notice shall be effective as to Holder until actually received by Holder. Any written
 notice that is not sent in conformity with the provisions here-of shall nevertheless be effective
 on the date that such notice is actually received by the noticed party. 

17) Binding
 Effect. This Note shall be binding upon the Maker and its successors and permitted
 assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Holder and its successors and assigns. The Maker
 shall not have the right to assign this Note, or any of its obligations hereunder, without
 the written consent of Holder, which consent shall be within Holder s sole and absolute discretion.
 This Note shall extend to and enure to the benefit of the Maker, its successors and assigns,
 and every reference herein to the Holder as a reference to and shall be construed as including
 the Holder, its successors and assigns, to and upon whom this promissory note shall extend
 and be binding. The Holder in its sole and absolute discretion may assign this note to any
 third party without the consent of the Maker. 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized
officer and to be dated the day and year above written. 

MAKER 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

5 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-4.3>
 4
 f10k2022ex4-3_mesonumis.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED JANUARY 6, 2021 TO JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit 4.3 

ORIGINAL
ISSUE DISCOUNT 

 PROMISSORY
NOTE 

Amount:
 1,000,000 USD 
 Issue
 Date: January 6, 2021 

Meso
Numismatics Inc., a Nevada corporation (herein called the Maker ), for value received, hereby promises to pay
to Investor Holder ), on the Maturity Date (hereinafter defined), or earlier as hereinafter provided the
principal sum of One Million Dollars USD 1,000.000 USD) (the Principal ), and to pay interest on such Principal,
as set forth below. 

WHEREAS,
 for value received by the Maker from the Holder in the amount of USD Nine Hundred Thousand Dollars 900,000 USD), the Maker wishes
to issue this Original Issue Discount Promissory Note in the amount of USD One Million Dollars 1,000,000 USD). 

1) Definitions. 

a) The
 term Maturity Date shall mean January 6, 2022. 

b) The
 term Event of Default shall mean any event specified in Section 7(a)
 of this Note. 

c) The
 term Note shall mean this Original Issue Discount Promissory Note. 

2) Payment
 Terms. This Note shall bear interest at a 15 compounded annual interest rate Interest ),
 which shall become due and payable at the Maturity Date. In no event shall Holder be entitled
 to receive interest in excess of the legally permissible rate of interest. In the event that
 Holder receives payments under this Note that are deemed excessive interest under applicable
 law, such excess will be applied first to the costs referred to in Section 11 hereof and
 then to the Principal of this Note. If, in such instance, such costs and the Principal are
 paid in full, any remaining excess shall be refunded to the Maker. 

3) Acceleration.
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Note to the contrary, upon the occurrence of
 an Event of Default (hereinafter defined) under this Note, the Principal and all then accrued
 interest thereon shall become immediately due and payable, without demand, notice or other
 action by Holder. All payments received by Holder after an Event of Default under this Note
 will be applied first to the costs referred to in Section 11 hereof, then to all accrued
 interest hereunder and next to the Principal of this Note. 

4) Place
 and Manner of Payment. All payments of Principal and Interest under this Note (and
 all other amounts payable hereunder) shall be made to Holder on the Maturity Date, or earlier
 as and to the extent provided in this Note, at the address of Holder herein before set forth
 or, at Holder s request, to Holder at such other place as Holder may, from time to time,
 designate in writing (or by wire transfer pursuant to written instructions provided to Maker
 by Holder). If any payment hereunder becomes due on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday,
 such payment shall become due on the next business day. All payments of Principal and interest
 under this Note shall be deemed made only upon receipt by Holder. 

5) Prepayment. 
 The Maker shall have the right to prepay the unpaid Principal of this Note, and/or any compound interest accrued thereon, in whole
 or in part, at any time prior to the Maturity Date without a penalty or premium. 

6) Fees. 
 Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and professional fees. 

7) Default. 

a) If
 one or more of the following events shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether such
 occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of
 law or pursuant to or in compliance with any judgment, decree or order of any court or any
 order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), each such event shall,
 for the purposes of this Note, be deemed an Event of Default : 

i) default
 by the Maker in payment of the Principal of this Note or any accrued interest hereunder,
 as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at Maturity Date, on a date fixed
 for payment, prepayment, or by acceleration or otherwise; or 

ii) default
 by the Maker in the performance or observance by it of any other covenant, agreement, term
 or condition contained in this Note; or 

iii) the
 Maker s making of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or admitting in writing
 its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 

iv) a
 trustee, liquidator or receiver being appointed for the Maker for a substantial part of its
 property or business without its consent; or 

v) any
 governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
 agency assuming custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
 or assets of the Maker; or 

vi) one
 or more money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment, or similar process, in excess of
 five thousand dollars 5,000) in the aggregate, is entered or filed against the Maker or
 any of its properties or other assets and remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed
 for a period of fifteen (15) days; or 

vii) the
 entry of a final order, judgment or decree adjudicating the Maker bankrupt or insolvent;
 or 

viii) the
 Maker s petitioning or applying to any court of competent jurisdiction or other tribunal
 for the appointment of a trustee or receiver, or of any substantial part of its assets or
 properties, or the commencement by the Maker of any proceedings under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
 insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution, or similar law of any jurisdiction whether
 now or hereafter in effect; or the filing of any such petition or application, or the commencement
 of any such proceedings, against the Maker, if the Maker by any act indicates its approval
 thereof, consents or acquiesces therein, or the entry of any order, judgment or decree appointing
 any such trustee or receiver, or approves the petition in any such proceedings, if such order,
 judgment or decree remains unstayed or unbonded and in effect for more than thirty (30) days;
 or 

2 

ix) the
 Maker has its Common Stock delisted from an exchange (including the OTC Markets exchange)
 or, if the Common Stock trades on an exchange, and trading in the Common Stock is suspended
 for more than 10 consecutive days or the Maker causes itself to lose the bid 
 price for its stock in a market (including the OTC marketplace or other exchange) or if it
 ceases to file its 1934 act reports with the SEC; 

x) the
 Maker transfers all or substantially all of its assets to any person, or third party
 in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or undergoes a change of control
 or effects any consolidation or merger with or into another person or entity in which the
 Maker is not the surviving entity. 

b) Upon
 the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Holder of this Note may, by notice in writing
 to the Maker, declare the Principal of this Note then outstanding, and all interest accrued
 thereon, to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or other notice of
 any kind, all of which are hereby waived, and upon any such notice the same shall become
 and shall be immediately due and payable, notwithstanding anything contained in this Note
 to the contrary. 

8) Loan
 Reinstatement. If, at any time after payment in full of this Note, any payments previously
 made under this Note must be disgorged by the Holder for any reason whatsoever, this Note
 shall be reinstated as to all disgorged payments as if such payments had not been made, until
 payment in full of all obligations of the Maker under this Note are made. 

9) Waiver
 of Presentment, Demand and Notice. The Maker hereby waives presentment for payment,
 demand, notice of demand, notice of non-payment or dishonor, protest and notice of protest
 of this Note, and all other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
 default, or enforcement of the terms of this Note (except as specifically provided elsewhere
 in this Note) and the Maker hereby agrees that its liability under this Note shall be without
 regard to the liability of any other party, including any guarantor of this Note, and shall
 not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification
 granted or consented to by Holder. The Maker hereby agrees that additional makers, endorsers,
 guarantors or sureties may become parties to this Note without notice to the Maker and without
 affecting the Maker s liability hereunder. 

10) Right
 to Cure. Regardless of anything stated otherwise, Maker shall have ten (10) business
 days to cure any breach of this Note by remitting payment of all amounts due and owing hereunder
 to the Holder from the date of written notice of default. 

3 

11) Costs
 of Collection. In the event that Holder shall take any action to enforce its rights
 under this Note after an Event of Default, including the commencement of any legal action
 or proceeding to enforce the terms of this Note, the Holder shall be entitled to recover
 from the Maker, upon demand, all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection therewith
 (including, without limitation, all of Holder s attorneys fees and disbursements),
 together with interest on any judgment obtained against Maker, at the then prevailing legal
 rate of interest. 

12) Remedies
 Cumulative. The rights and remedies of Holder provided in this Note shall be cumulative
 and concurrent and exclusive of all rights and remedies provided by law or in equity and
 Holder may, at its election, pursue its rights and remedies against the Maker hereunder or
 thereunder, singly, successively, or together, at the sole discretion of Holder, and all
 of such rights and remedies may be exercised separately as often as occasion therefor shall
 occur. The failure of Holder to exercise any such right or remedy shall in no event be construed
 as a waiver or release thereof. 

13) Severability.
 If any provision of this Note is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of
 competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Note shall remain in full force and
 effect and shall be unaffected thereby. 

14) No
 Waiver by Holder. Holder shall not be deemed, by any act of omission or commission,
 to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder unless such waiver is in writing and
 signed by Holder, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in any such writing.
 A waiver of one event shall not be construed as continuing or constitute a bar to or waiver
 of any right or remedy with respect to a subsequent event. 

15) Modification;
 Governing Law. The provisions of this Note may not be modified or amended except
 by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be bound thereby. This Note and the respective
 rights and obligations of the Maker and Holder hereunder shall be governed by and construed
 in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada without regard for the conflicts of law
 principles thereof. 

16) Notice .
 Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Agreement is required or provided to
 be given shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or served for all purposes by (i)
 being delivered in person to the party to whom the notice or demand is directed or (ii) by
 being sent as first class mail, postage prepaid, or (iii) being sent via nationally recognized
 overnight carrier, in any event to the address provided on the signature page, or if any
 other address shall at any time be designated by Maker in writing to the holders of record
 of the Note at the time of such designation to such other address Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 no notice shall be effective as to Holder until actually received by Holder. Any written
 notice that is not sent in conformity with the provisions here-of shall nevertheless be effective
 on the date that such notice is actually received by the noticed party. 

17) Binding
 Effect. This Note shall be binding upon the Maker and its successors and permitted
 assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Holder and its successors and assigns. The Maker
 shall not have the right to assign this Note, or any of its obligations hereunder, without
 the written consent of Holder, which consent shall be within Holder s sole and absolute discretion.
 This Note shall extend to and enure to the benefit of the Maker, its successors and assigns,
 and every reference herein to the Holder as a reference to and shall be construed as including
 the Holder, its successors and assigns, to and upon whom this promissory note shall extend
 and be binding. The Holder in its sole and absolute discretion may assign this note to any
 third party without the consent of the Maker. 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized
officer and to be dated the day and year above written. 

MAKER 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

5 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.4>
 5
 f10k2022ex4-4_mesonumis.htm
 SENIOR SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE DATED JUNE 22, 2021 WITH GROWTH VENTURES

Exhibit 4.4 

SENIOR
SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Amount:
 11,600,000 USD 
 Issue
 Date: June 22, 2021 

Meso
Numismatics Inc., a Nevada corporation (herein called the Maker ), for value received, hereby promises to pay
 Investor Holder ), on the Maturity Date (hereinafter defined), or earlier as hereinafter provided, the principal
sum of USD 11,600,000 (Eleven Million Six Hundred Thousand Dollars US) (the Principal ), and to pay interest on
such Principal, as set forth below. 

WHEREAS,
 for value received by the Maker from the Holder in the amount of USD 10,500,000 (Ten Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars US),
the Maker wishes to issue this Original Issue Discount Promissory Note in the amount of USD 11,600,000 (Eleven Million Six Hundred Thousand
Dollars US). 

Definitions 

a) The
 term Maturity Date shall mean June 22, 2024. 

b) The
 term Event of Default shall mean any event specified in Section 7(a)
 of this Note. 

c) The
 term Note shall mean this Senior Secured Promissory Note, issued pursuant
 to the Secured Loan Agreement entered into by and between the Maker and the Holder dated
 June 22, 2021 Agreement ). 

2) Payment
 Terms. The Maker shall irrevocably and unconditionally pay to Holder, without set-off
 or deduction, the Principal as follows: 

a) Exactly
 USD 11,600,000 (Eleven Million Six Hundred Thousand Dollars US), representing the whole
 of the Principal shall be paid by the Maker to the Holder on the Maturity Date, and 

b) This
 Note shall bear interest at an annual compounded rate of 12 Interest ). The
 Principal and Interest shall become due and payable at the Maturity Date. In no event shall
 Holder be entitled to receive interest in excess of the legally permissible rate of interest.
 In the event that Holder receives payments under this Note that are deemed excessive interest
 under applicable law, such excess will be applied first to the costs referred to in Section
 12 hereof and then to the Principal of this Note. If, in such instance, such costs and the
 Principal are paid in full, any remaining excess shall be refunded to the Maker. 

3) Acceleration. 
 Notwithstanding any provision of this Note to the contrary, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (hereinafter defined) under
 this Note, the Principal and all then accrued interest thereon under this Note shall become immediately due and payable, without
 demand, notice or other action by Holder. All payments received by Holder after an Event of Default under this Note will be applied
 first to the costs referred to in Section 12 hereof, then to all accrued interest hereunder under this Note and next to the
 Principal of this Note. 

4) Place
 and Manner of Payment. All payments of Principal and interest under this Note (and
 all other amounts payable hereunder) shall be made to Holder on the Maturity Date, or earlier
 as and to the extent provided in this Note, at the address of Holder hereinbefore set forth
 or, at Holder s request, to Holder at such other place as Holder may, from time to time,
 designate in writing (or by wire transfer pursuant to written instructions provided to Maker
 by Holder). If any payment hereunder becomes due on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday,
 such payment shall become due on the next business day. All payments of Principal and interest
 under this Note shall be deemed made only upon receipt by Holder. 

5) Prepayment. 
 The Maker shall have the right to prepay the unpaid Principal of this Note, and/or any accrued interest thereon under this Note, in
 whole or in part, at any time prior to the Maturity Date without a penalty or premium and subject to this section. 

6) Fees.
 Each party shall be responsible for its own costs and professional fees. 

7) Default. 

a) If
 one or more of the following events shall occur for any reason whatsoever (and whether such
 occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of
 law or pursuant to or in compliance with any judgment, decree or order of any court or any
 order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), each such event shall,
 for purposes of this Note, be deemed an Event of Default : 

i) default
 by the Maker in payment of the Principal of this Note or any accrued interest hereunder,
 as and when the same shall become due and payable, whether at Maturity or on a date fixed
 for payment, prepayment, or by acceleration or otherwise; or 

ii) default
 by the Maker in the performance or observance by it of any other covenant, agreement, term
 or condition contained in this Note; or 

iii) the
 Maker s making of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or admitting in writing
 its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or 

iv) a
 trustee, liquidator or receiver being appointed for the Maker for a substantial part of its
 property or business without its consent; or 

v) any
 governmental agency or any court of competent jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental
 agency assuming custody or control of the whole or any substantial portion of the properties
 or assets of the Maker; or 

vi) one
 or more money judgments, writs or warrants of attachment, or similar process, in excess of
 five thousand dollars 5,000) in the aggregate, is entered or filed against the Maker or
 any of its properties or other assets and remains unpaid, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed
 for a period of fifteen (15) days; or 

vii) the
 entry of a final order, judgment or decree adjudicating the Maker bankrupt or insolvent;
 or 

viii) the
 Maker s petitioning or applying to any court of competent jurisdiction or other tribunal
 for the appointment of a trustee or receiver, or of any substantial part of its assets or
 properties, or the commencement by the Maker of any proceedings under any bankruptcy, reorganization,
 insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution, or similar law of any jurisdiction whether
 now or hereafter in effect; or the filing of any such petition or application, or the commencement
 of any such proceedings, against the Maker, if the Maker by any act indicates its approval
 thereof, consents or acquiesces therein, or the entry of any order, judgment or decree appointing
 any such trustee or receiver, or approves the petition in any such proceedings, if such order,
 judgment or decree remains unstayed or unbonded and in effect for more than thirty (30) days;
 or 

2 

ix) the
 Maker has its Common Stock delisted from an exchange (including the OTC Markets exchange)
 or, if the Common Stock trades on an exchange, and trading in the Common Stock is suspended
 for more than 10 consecutive days or the Maker causes itself to lose the bid 
 price for its stock in a market (including the OTC marketplace or other exchange) or if it
 ceases to file its 1934 act reports with the SEC; 

x) the
 Maker transfers all or substantially all of its assets to any person or third party in a
 single transaction or series of related transactions, or undergoes a change of control, or
 effects any consolidation or merger with or into another person or entity in which the Maker
 is not the surviving entity. 

b) Upon
 the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Holder of this Note may, by notice in writing
 to the Maker, declare the Principal of this Note then outstanding and all interest accrued
 thereon under this Note, to be immediately due and payable without presentment, demand or
 other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived, and upon any such notice the same
 shall become and shall be immediately due and payable, notwithstanding anything contained
 in this Note to the contrary. 

8) Senior
 Security. This Note shall be secured by any and all current and future Collateral
 (as defined in the Agreement) of the Maker and of any existing and/or future subsidiaries
 and shall rank senior to all other securities. The Maker undertakes to prepare and file all
 necessary documents to effect such senior security. 

9) Loan
 Reinstatement. If, at any time after payment in full of this Note, any payments previously
 made under this Note must be disgorged by the Holder for any reason whatsoever, this Note
 shall be reinstated as to all disgorged payments as if such payments had not been made, until
 payment in full of all obligations of the Maker under this Note are made. 

10) Waiver
 of Presentment, Demand and Notice. The Maker hereby waives presentment for payment,
 demand, notice of demand, notice of non-payment or dishonor, protest and notice of protest
 of this Note, and all other notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance,
 default, or enforcement of the terms of this Note (except as specifically provided elsewhere
 in this Note) and the Maker hereby agrees that its liability under this Note shall be without
 regard to the liability of any other party, including any guarantor of this Note, and shall
 not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification
 granted or consented to by Holder. The Maker hereby agrees that additional makers, endorsers,
 guarantors or sureties may become parties to this Note without notice to the Maker and without
 affecting the Maker s liability hereunder. 

11) Right
 to Cure. Regardless of anything stated otherwise, Maker shall have ten (10) business
 days to cure any breach of this Note by remitting payment of all amounts due and owing hereunder
 to the Holder from the date of written notice of default. 

12) Costs
 of Collection. In the event that Holder shall take any action to enforce its rights
 under this Note after an Event of Default, including the commencement of any legal action
 or proceeding to enforce the terms of this, the Holder shall be entitled to recover from
 the Maker, upon demand, all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection therewith (including,
 without limitation, all of Holder s attorneys fees and disbursements), together with
 interest on any judgment obtained against Maker, at the then prevailing legal rate of interest. 

3 

13) Remedies
 Cumulative. The rights and remedies of Holder provided in this Note shall be cumulative
 and concurrent and exclusive of all rights and remedies provided by law or in equity and
 Holder may, at its election, pursue its rights and remedies against the Maker hereunder or
 thereunder, singly, successively, or together, at the sole discretion of Holder, and all
 of such rights and remedies may be exercised separately as often as occasion therefor shall
 occur. The failure of Holder to exercise any such right or remedy shall in no event be construed
 as a waiver or release thereof. 

14) Severability. If
 any provision of this Note is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this
 Note shall remain in full force and effect and shall be unaffected thereby. 

15) No
 Waiver by Holder. Holder shall not be deemed, by any act of omission or commission,
 to have waived any of its rights or remedies hereunder unless such waiver is in writing and
 signed by Holder, and then only to the extent specifically set forth in any such writing.
 A waiver of one event shall not be construed as continuing or constitute a bar to or waiver
 of any right or remedy with respect to a subsequent event. 

16) Modification;
 Governing Law. The provisions of this Note may not be modified or amended except
 by an instrument in writing signed by the party to be bound thereby. This Note and the respective
 rights and obligations of the Maker and Holder hereunder shall be governed by and construed
 in accordance with the laws of the state of Nevada without regard for the conflicts of law
 principles thereof. 

17) Notice .
 Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Agreement is required or provided to
 be given shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or served for all purposes by (i)
 being delivered in person to the party to whom the notice or demand is directed or (ii) by
 being sent as first class mail, postage prepaid, or (iii) being sent via nationally recognized
 overnight carrier, in any event to the address provided on the signature page, or if any
 other address shall at any time be designated by Maker in writing to the Holder at the time
 of such designation to such other address Notwithstanding the foregoing, no notice shall
 be effective as to Holder until actually received by Holder. Any written notice that is not
 sent in conformity with the provisions here-of shall nevertheless be effective on the date
 that such notice is actually received by the noticed party. 

18) Binding
 Effect. This Note shall be binding upon the Maker and its successors and permitted
 assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Holder and its successors and assigns. The Maker
 shall not have the right to assign this Note, or any of its obligations hereunder, without
 the written consent of Holder, which consent shall be within Holder s sole and absolute discretion.
 This Note shall extend to and enure 

 to
the benefit of the Maker, its successors and assigns, and every reference herein to the Holder as a reference to and shall be construed
as including the Holder, its successors and assigns, to and upon whom this promissory note shall extend and be binding. The Holder in
its sole and absolute discretion may assign this note to any third party without the consent of the Maker. 

4 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized
officer and to be dated the day and year above written. 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name and Title: 

5 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 6
 f10k2022ex4-5_mesonumis.htm
 PROMISSORY NOTE DATED SEPTEMBER 20, 2021 WITH GROWTH VENTURES

Exhibit 4.5 

LOAN AGREEMENT. 

This Loan Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 20 th day of September, 2021 Agreement Execution Date ), by and between Meso Numismatics
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), and Investor (Lender ). (The Borrower and Lender sometimes may be referred
to as the Parties ). 

WHEREAS ,
the Borrower desires that Lender fund an amount to the Borrower and Lender is willing to fund such amount to the Borrower, on the terms
set forth herein below. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the terms and conditions contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Loan Amount. The Parties hereby agree that Lender shall fund the Borrower Loan an
amount equal to USD 1,000,000.00 Loan Amount ), which Loan Amount shall be wired to the Borrower within 5 business days
of the Agreement Execution Date, pursuant to wiring instructions as shall be provided for by the Borrower to the Lender. 

2. Promissory Note. The Loan shall be evidenced by an original issue discount non-convertible promissory
note in the amount of 1,100,000.00 Principal Amount ), which note is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note ).
The Note shall be executed by the Borrower as of the Agreement Execution Date. Every term contained in the Note shall be deemed incorporated
into this Agreement. To the extent any provision of the Note shall be deemed to be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement,
however, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

3. Interest. The Loan shall bear interest at an annual compounded rate of 12 Interest ).
The Interest, along with the Principal Amount, shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date (as defined below). 

4. Warrants. In consideration for the Loan and in addition to the Note, the Borrower shall issue the
Lender warrants Warrants in the form described herein in Exhibit B , providing the Lender the right to purchase
up to 7,500,000 shares of common stock of the Borrower at an exercise price of 0.085 per share. The Warrants shall have a term of three
(3) years and shall have a cashless exercise. 

5. Terms of the Repayment of the Loan. 

(a) Subject to default provisions in the Note, the Loan shall be repaid on September 20, 2024 Maturity
Date ). 

(b) If any payment of the Principal Amount, Interest and Penalty, as applicable (and as defined below), becomes
due on a day on which the Lender is closed, such payment shall be made no later than the next succeeding Business Day (a Business
Day shall be considered to be Monday through Friday excluding weekends and public holidays) and such extension shall
be included in computing interest in connection with such payment. 

(c) The Borrower shall be entitled to prepay the Loan; and 

(d) All payments by Borrower on account of Principal Amount, Interest or 

 Penalty Payment hereunder shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America, in immediately available funds. 

6. Penalty . Borrower will pay a default rate equal to 5 per annum in excess of the rate set forth herein Penalty for each day any Payment due and payable herein in this Agreement is late and has not been made on its due date. 

7. Representation of The Borrower. 

(a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties
and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and/or conducted. 

(b) The Borrower has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any other
document contemplated by this Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder. 

8. Representation of Lender. 

(c) The Lender represents that it has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and any other document contemplated by this Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder. 

(d) This Agreement and the Loan involve a high degree of risk and Lender acknowledges that Lender can bear
the complete economic risk, including the total loss of the Loan Amount. 

(e) Lender is a Non-U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

(f) Lender has the sophistication, knowledge and business acumen necessary to adequately evaluate funding
the Loan Amount to the Borrower and understands completely the terms, conditions, and risks associated with same. 

9. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate Termination ): 

(a) upon full repayment to the Lender; or 

(b) upon mutual written agreement by the Parties. 

2 

8. Assignments, Successors and No-Third Party Rights. This Agreement will apply to, be binding in all
respects upon and inure to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this
Agreement will be construed to give any person other than the Parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim
under or with respect to this Agreement or any provision of this Agreement. 

10. Miscellaneous. 

(a) All
of the terms and provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon Borrower, and Lender and their respective successors. 

(b) This
Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior contracts,
agreements, arrangements, communications, discussions, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, between the Parties, This
Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by each of the Parties on the subject matter hereof. 

(c) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to
the principles of conflict of law. 

(d) Any
notice, request or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and signed and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when received if personally delivered, sent by facsimile, or by established overnight courier to the address to be communicated
by each of the Parties. 

(e) The
Parties hereto agree that Lender may assign any of its rights and obligations herein to any of its assigns, at its sole discretion. 

(f) If
any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(g) This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Facsimile signatures of the undersigned parties will have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOWS]

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen 

Title: 
 CEO 

INVESTOR 

By: 

Name: 

Tittle: 

4 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.5>
 7
 f10k2022ex10-5_mesonumis.htm
 DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 7, 2020 WITH JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit
10.5 

DEBT
RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT 

This
 DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made effective as of December 7, 2020 (the Effective
Date by and between Investor (the Note Holder and Meso Numismatics, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
 Company ). 

WHEREAS ,
the Note Holder purchased convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Original
Notes ); 

WHEREAS ,
the parties to this Agreement desire to exchange the Original Notes in favor of a new secured promissory note (the New Note and warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of common stock in the Company par value 0.001 per share, at an exercise
price of 0.03 per share; 

WHEREAS,
 the parties further understand and agree that the Warrant explicitly carries a tacking from June 18, 2020, that being the latest
date of the Original Notes being funded as an exchange pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act (the Act and
in compliance with Rule 144 of the Act, generally. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Both
 the Company and the Note Holder hereby agree to terminate the Original Notes, which are attached
 hereto as Exhibit A, in exchange for the New Note and Warrant, which are attached
 hereto as Exhibits B and C, respectively. The amount of principal
 and accrued but unpaid interest and all other penalty and monies owing pursuant to the Original
 Notes was 2,872,797.05 as of the date of this Agreement, and the New Note shall have that
 amount as the outstanding principal balance. All other terms that the parties hereto have
 agreed upon are presented in the attached Exhibits B and C to the New Note and Warrant, respectively. 

2. Representations,
 Warranties and Agreements . 

i. The
 Note Holder represents and warrants that: 

a. The
 Note Holder has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this
 Agreement, when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
 Note Holder, enforceable against the Note Holder in accordance with its terms. 

b. The
 Note Holder is the record and beneficial holder of the Original Notes, has not assigned the
 Original Notes to any person or entity, and holds the Original Notes free and clear of all
 claims, liens, security interests, title defects and objections or any other encumbrances
 of any kind or nature whatsoever. 

c. The
 Note Holder has the sole and unrestricted right to agree to the cancellation of the Original
 Notes and to the terms of the New Note and Warrant. 

d. Neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Note Holder, nor the consummation by
 the Note Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval,
 authorization or permit of, or filing, registration or qualification with or prior notification
 to, any governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United States, any state
 or any political subdivision thereof applicable to the Note Holder, (ii) violate any statute,
 law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the United States, any state or any political subdivision
 thereof, or any judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Note Holder
 or any of the Note Holder s properties or assets, the violation of which would have
 a material adverse effect upon the Note Holder, or (iii) violate, conflict with, or result
 in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any event which, with or without
 due notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the
 termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, any of the terms, conditions or
 provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement
 or other instrument or obligation to which the Note Holder is a party or by which the Note
 Holder or any of the Note Holder s properties or assets may be bound which would have
 a material adverse effect upon the Note Holder. 

e. The
 Note Holder is not aware of any threatened, or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere
 with the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby,
 or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

f. The
 Note Holder is not and has not at any time been an Affiliate, as that term is defined in
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Company. 

g. The
 Note Holder is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501
 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ii. The
 Company represents and warrants that: 

a. The
 Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement,
 when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
 against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

b. The
 Company has the authority to cancel the Original Notes and to issue the New Note and Warrant,
 upon the terms as set forth therein. 

c. Neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company
 of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval, authorization
 or permit of, or filing, registration or qualification with or prior notification to, any
 governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United States, any state or any
 political subdivision thereof applicable to the Company, and/or which the Company has not
 already obtained (ii) violate any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the United
 States, any state or any political subdivision thereof, or any judgment, order, writ, decree
 or injunction applicable to the Company or any of the Company s properties or assets,
 the violation of which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company, or (iii) violate,
 conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any
 event which, with or without due notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default)
 under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, any of
 the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,
 license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company is a party
 or by which the Company or any of the Company s properties or assets may be bound which
 would have a material adverse effect upon the Company. 

d. The
 Company is not aware of any threatened or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere
 with the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby,
 or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

3. Entire
 Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
 respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, understandings
 or discussions of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Parties
 hereto agree that there do not exist any other written or oral terms or agreements except
 for those contained in this Agreement. 

4. No
 Public Announcement; No Disclosure . The parties hereto shall not make any public announcement
 concerning this Agreement, their discussions or any other documents or communications concerning
 the transactions contemplated hereby unless advised by counsel that such disclosure is required
 by law (in which case the party so advised will promptly notify the other party). 

2 

5. Headings .
 Headings herein are for reference purposes only and do not form a part of the Agreement. 

6. Amendment
 and Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of a party hereto in exercising any right,
 power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
 exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof
 or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies provided for herein are
 cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies that may be available to a party hereto
 at law, in equity or otherwise. Any amendment, supplement or modification of or to any provision
 of this Agreement, any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to any
 departure by the Note Holder or the Company from the terms of any provision of this Agreement,
 shall be effective (i) only if it is made or given in writing and signed by the Note Holder
 and the Company and (ii) only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which
 made or given. 

7. Severability .
 Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner
 as to be effective and valid under applicable law. However, if any provision of this Agreement
 shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, it shall be deemed modified to conform
 to the minimum requirements of such law and the parties hereto will attempt to modify this
 agreement by insertion, deletion or revision so as to accomplish the original intent in a
 fashion that is not so prohibited or invalid. 

8. Successors .
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and bind any and all heirs, successors in interest
 and assigns of the parties hereto, as applicable. 

9. Venue .
 The parties hereto irrevocably submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada
 in any action brought by the parties hereto concerning this Agreement or the performance
 thereof. 

10. Choice
 of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and entered in accordance with
 the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts deemed to be made within such state,
 without regard to choice of law or conflict of law provisions thereof. 

11. Interpretation .
 No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed against any party hereto
 because that party or its legal representative drafted it. 

12. Survival .
 Sections 1-13, inclusive, of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement
 by either party hereto for any reason. 

13. Counterparts .
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed
 and delivered to the other party hereto shall be deemed an original. The executed page(s)
 from each original may be joined together and attached to one such original and shall thereupon
 constitute one and the same instrument. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or
 other electronic transmission, which shall not impair the validity thereof. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

Investor 

By:

Name: 

Title: 

Meso
 Numismatics, Inc 

By:

Name: 
 David
 Christensen 

Title: 
 CEO 

4 

EXHIBIT
A 

Original 
 Principal 
 Interest 
 
 Note 
 Principal 
 Balance 
 as at 
 Nov-30-2020 
 as at 
 Nov-30-2020 

12-Dec-16 
 239,196.56 
 358,794.84 
 63,659.05 

15-Dec-16 
 291,903.08 
 487,645.00 
 131,507.90 

16-May-19 
 18,000.00 
 175,063.59 
 25,405.26 

28-Jun-19 
 90,000.00 
 336,250.00 
 63,474.08 

15-Jul-19 
 19,000.00 
 176,500.00 
 31,410.29 

02-Aug-19 
 28,000.00 
 196,750.00 
 35,474.71 

17-Sep-19 
 32,000.00 
 187,750.00 
 33,668.30 

16-Dec-19 
 20,000.00 
 79,750.00 
 11,757.12 

23-Dec-20 
 6,000.00 
 58,750.00 
 7,680.25 

01-May-20 
 46,200.00 
 119,050.00 
 15,436.57 

28-May-20 
 100,000.00 
 146,500.00 
 17,810.14 

18-Jun-20 
 60,000.00 
 101,250.00 
 11,459.59 

Principal as at Nov-30-2020 
 
 2,424,053.43 

Interests as at Nov-30-2020 

448,743.62 

5 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 8
 f10k2022ex10-6_mesonumis.htm
 DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 7, 2020 WITH EAGLE EQUITIES, LLC

Exhibit 10.6 

DEBT RESTRUCTURE
AGREEMENT 

This DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT
(this Agreement is made effective as of December 7, 2020 (the Effective Date by and between Investor (the Note
Holder and Meso Numismatics, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ). 

WHEREAS, the Note
Holder purchased convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount of 793,945.61 attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
 Original Notes ); 

WHEREAS, the parties
to this Agreement desire to exchange the Original Notes in favor of a new secured promissory note (the New Note and warrant
(the Warrant to purchase shares of common stock in the Company, par value 0.001 per share; 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

l. Both the Company and the Note Holder hereby agree to terminate
the Original Notes, which are attached hereto as Exhibit A, in exchange for the New Note and Warrant, which are attached
hereto as Exhibits B and C, respectively. The amount of principal and accrued but unpaid interest and all other
penalty and monies owing pursuant to the Original Notes was 925,078.25 as of the date of this Agreement, and the New Note shall have
that amount as the outstanding principal balance. All other terms that the parties hereto have agreed upon are presented in the attached
Exhibits B and C to the New Note and Warrant, respectively. 

2. Representations, Warranties and Agreements . 

i. The Note Holder
represents and warrants that: 

a. The Note Holder has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement,
when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Note Holder, enforceable against the Note Holder in accordance
with its terms. 

b. The Note Holder is the record and beneficial holder of the Original Notes, has not assigned the Original
Notes to any person or entity, and holds the Original Notes free and clear of all claims, liens, security interests, title defects and
objections or any other encumbrances of any kind or nature whatsoever. 

c. The Note Holder has the sole and unrestricted right to agree to the cancellation of the Original Notes
and to the terms of the New Note and Warrant. 

d. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Note Holder, nor the consummation by the Note
Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing, registration
or qualification with or prior notification to, any governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United States, any state
or any political subdivision thereof applicable to the Note Holder, (ii) violate any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the
United States, any state or any political subdivision thereof, or any judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Note
Holder or any of the Note Holder s properties or assets, the violation of which would have a material adverse effect upon the Note Holder,
or (iii) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any event which, with or without
due notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance
required by, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement
or other instrument or obligation to which the Note Holder is a party or by which the Note Holder or any of the Note Holder s properties
or assets may be bound which would have a material adverse effect upon the Note Holder. 

e. The Note Holder is not aware of any threatened, or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere with
the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby, or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

f. The Note Holder is not and has not at any time been an Affiliate, as that term is defined in the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, of the Company. 

g. The Note Holder is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ii. The Company
represents and warrants that: 

a. The Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement,
when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms. 

b. The Company has the authority to cancel the Original Notes and to issue the New Note and Warrant, upon
the terms as set forth therein. 

c. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the
 Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing,
 registration or qualification with or prior notification to, any governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United
 States, any state or any political subdivision thereof applicable to the Company, and/or which the Company has not already obtained
 (ii) violate any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the United States, any state or any political subdivision thereof,
 or any judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Company or any of the Company s properties or assets, the
 violation of which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company, or (iii) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of
 any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any event which, with or without due notice or lapse of time, or both, would
 constitute a default) under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, any of the terms,
 conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other instrument or
 obligation to which the Company is a party or by which the Company 

or any of the Company s
properties or assets may be bound which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company. 

d. The Company is not aware of any threatened or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere with the
exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby, or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

2 

3. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, understandings or discussions of the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Parties hereto agree that there do not exist any other written or oral terms or agreements
except for those contained in this Agreement. 

4. No Public Announcement No Disclosure . The parties hereto shall not make any public announcement
concerning this Agreement, their discussions or any other documents or communications concerning the transactions contemplated hereby
unless advised by counsel that such disclosure is required by law (in which case the party so advised will promptly notify the other party). 

5. Headings . Headings herein are for reference purposes only and do not form a part of the Agreement. 

6. Amendment and Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of a party hereto in exercising any right,
power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies provided for herein are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies that may be available to a party hereto at law, in equity or otherwise. Any amendment,
supplement or modification of or to any provision of this Agreement, any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to
any departure by the Note Holder or the Company from the terms of any provision of this Agreement, shall be effective (i) only if it is
made or given in writing and signed by the Note Holder and the Company and (ii) only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose
for which made or given. 

7. Severability . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such
a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. However, if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid
under such law, it shall be deemed modified to conform to the minimum requirements of such law and the parties hereto will attempt to
modify this agreement by insertion, deletion or revision so as to accomplish the original intent in a fashion that is not so prohibited
or invalid. 

8. Successors . This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and bind any and all heirs, successors
in interest and assigns of the parties hereto, as applicable. 

9. Venue . The parties hereto irrevocably submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada
in any action brought by the parties hereto concerning this Agreement or the performance thereof. 

10. Choice of Law , This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and entered in accordance with the
laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts deemed to be made within such state, without regard to choice of law or conflict of
law provisions thereof. 

11. Interpretation . No provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted or construed against any party hereto because that party or its legal representative drafted it. 

12. Survival . Sections 1-13, inclusive, of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement
by either party hereto for any reason. 

13. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so
executed and delivered to the other party hereto shall be deemed an original. The executed page(s) from each original may be joined together
and attached to one such original and shall thereupon constitute one and the same instrument. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile
or other electronic transmission, which shall not impair the validity thereof. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

Note Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Meso Numismatics, Inc 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen 

Title: 
 CEO 

4 

EXHIBIT
 A 

Original Notes 

Notes 
 Issued Date 
 Note Principle 
 Current Amount Outstanding 
 Accrued Interest at 12/7/2020 (including default interest) 
 Current Total Outstanding 
 
 New Note 
 12/28/2018 
 26,440.00 
 26,440.00 
 8,214.02 
 34,654.02 
 
 New Note 
 2/4/2019 
 31,070.00 
 31,070.00 
 8,858.40 
 39,928.40 
 
 New Note 
 3/18/2019 
 31,300.00 
 31,300.00 
 8,325.80 
 39,625.80 
 
 New Note 
 4/30/2019 
 31,500.00 
 31,500.00 
 7,182.00 
 38,682.00 
 
 New Note 
 6/3/2019 
 41,400.00 
 41,400.00 
 8,878.00 
 50,278.00 
 
 New Note 
 6/19/2019 
 53,240.00 
 53,240.00 
 11,227.73 
 64,467.73 
 
 New Note 
 8/1/2019 
 50,160.00 
 50,160.00 
 10,054.30 
 60,214.30 
 
 New Note 
 8/29/2019 
 59,180.00 
 59,180.00 
 11,546.68 
 70,726.68 
 
 New Note 
 10/18/2019 
 22,550.00 
 22,550.00 
 4,149.20 
 26,699.20 
 
 New Note 
 11/12/2019 
 23,430.00 
 23,430.00 
 4,180.96 
 27,610.96 
 
 New Note 
 12/16/2019 
 18,150.00 
 18,150.00 
 3,097.60 
 21,247.60 
 
 New Note 
 1/28/2020 
 44,660.00 
 44,660.00 
 7,185.30 
 51,845.30 
 
 New Note 
 3/30/2020 
 13,750.00 
 13,750.00 
 2,028.89 
 15,778.89 
 
 New Note 
 4/30/2020 
 24,360.00 
 24,360.00 
 3,404.98 
 27,764.98 
 
 New Note 
 6/1/2020 
 53,708.00 
 53,708.00 
 6,695.60 
 60,403.60 
 
 New Note 
 6/24/2020 
 30,952.38 
 30,952.38 
 3,404.76 
 34,357.14 
 
 New Note 
 7/17/2020 
 238,095.23 
 238,095.23 
 22,698.41 
 260,793.64 

5 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 9
 f10k2022ex10-7_mesonumis.htm
 DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT, DATED DECEMBER 7, 2020 WITH UNION CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.7 

DEBT
RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT 

This
DEBT RESTRUCTURE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made effective as of December 7, 2020 (the Effective Date by
and between Investor (the Note Holder and Meso Numismatics, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ). 

WHEREAS,
the Note Holder purchased convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal face amount of 821,208.55 attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Original Notes ); 

WHEREAS,
the parties to this Agreement desire to exchange the Original Notes in favor of a new secured promissory note (the New Note and warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of common stock in the Company, par value 0.001 per share; 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Both
 the Company and the Note Holder hereby agree to terminate the Original Notes, which are attached
 hereto as Exhibit A, in exchange for the New Note and Warrant, which are attached
 hereto as Exhibits B and C, respectively. The amount of principal
 and accrued but unpaid interest and all other penalty and monies owing pursuant to the Original
 Notes was 1,581,748.80 as of the date of this Agreement, and the New Note shall have that
 amount as the outstanding principal balance. All other terms that the parties hereto have
 agreed upon are presented in the attached Exhibits B and C to the New Note and Warrant, respectively. 

2. Representations,
 Warranties and Agreements . 

i.
The Note Holder represents and warrants that: 

a. The
 Note Holder has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this
 Agreement, when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
 Note Holder, enforceable against the Note Holder in accordance with its terms. 

b. The
 Note Holder is the record and beneficial holder of the Original Notes, has not assigned the
 Original Notes to any person or entity, and holds the Original Notes free and clear of all
 claims, liens, security interests, title defects and objections or any other encumbrances
 of any kind or nature whatsoever. 

c. The
 Note Holder has the sole and unrestricted right to agree to the cancellation of the Original
 Notes and to the terms of the New Note and Warrant. 

d. Neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Note Holder, nor the consummation by
 the Note Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval,
 authorization or permit of, or filing, registration or qualification with or prior notification
 to, any governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United States, any state
 or any political subdivision thereof applicable to the Note Holder, (ii) violate any statute,
 law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the United States, any state or any political subdivision
 thereof, or any judgment, order, writ, decree or injunction applicable to the Note Holder
 or any of the Note Holder s properties or assets, the violation of which would have a material
 adverse effect upon the Note Holder, or (iii) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach
 of any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any event which, with or without due notice
 or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination
 of, or accelerate the performance required by, any of the terms, conditions or provisions
 of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, lease, agreement or other
 instrument or obligation to which the Note Holder is a party or by which the Note Holder
 or any of the Note Holder s properties or assets may be bound which would have a material
 adverse effect upon the Note Holder. 

e. The
 Note Holder is not aware of any threatened, or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere
 with the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby,
 or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

f. The
 Note Holder is not and has not at any time been an Affiliate, as that term is defined in
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Company. 

g. The
 Note Holder is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of
 Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

ii.
The Company represents and warrants that: 

a. The
 Company has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement,
 when delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable
 against the Company in accordance with its terms. 

b. The
 Company has the authority to cancel the Original Notes and to issue the New Note and Warrant,
 upon the terms as set forth therein. 

c. Neither
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company
 of the transactions contemplated hereby, will (i) require any consent, approval, authorization
 or permit of, or filing, registration or qualification with or prior notification to, any
 governmental or regulatory authority under any law of the United States, any state or any
 political subdivision thereof applicable to the Company, and/or which the Company has not
 already obtained (ii) violate any statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation of the United
 States, any state or any political subdivision thereof, or any judgment, order, writ, decree
 or injunction applicable to the Company or any of the Company s properties or assets, the
 violation of which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company, or (iii) violate,
 conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a default (or any
 event which, with or without due notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default)
 under, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, any of
 the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust,
 license, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company is a party
 or by which the Company 

or
any of the Company s properties or assets may be bound which would have a material adverse effect upon the Company. 

d. The
 Company is not aware of any threatened or pending dispute or challenge that would interfere
 with the exchange of the Original Notes for the New Note and Warrant contemplated hereby,
 or the general purpose of this Agreement. 

3. Entire
 Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
 respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements, understandings
 or discussions of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. The Parties
 hereto agree that there do not exist any other written or oral terms or agreements except
 for those contained in this Agreement. 

2 

4. No
 Public Announcement No Disclosure . The parties hereto shall not make any public
 announcement concerning this Agreement, their discussions or any other documents or communications
 concerning the transactions contemplated hereby unless advised by counsel that such disclosure
 is required by law (in which case the party so advised will promptly notify the other party). 

5. Headings .
 Headings herein are for reference purposes only and do not form a part of the Agreement. 

6. Amendment
 and Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of a party hereto in exercising any right,
 power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
 exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof
 or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies provided for herein are
 cumulative and are not exclusive of any remedies that may be available to a party hereto
 at law, in equity or otherwise. Any amendment, supplement or modification of or to any provision
 of this Agreement, any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and any consent to any
 departure by the Note Holder or the Company from the terms of any provision of this Agreement,
 shall be effective (i) only if it is made or given in writing and signed by the Note Holder
 and the Company and (ii) only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which
 made or given. 

7. Severability .
 Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner
 as to be effective and valid under applicable law. However, if any provision of this Agreement
 shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, it shall be deemed modified to conform
 to the minimum requirements of such law and the parties hereto will attempt to modify this
 agreement by insertion, deletion or revision so as to accomplish the original intent in a
 fashion that is not so prohibited or invalid. 

8. Successors .
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and bind any and all heirs, successors in interest
 and assigns of the parties hereto, as applicable. 

9. Venue .
 The parties hereto irrevocably submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the State of Nevada
 in any action brought by the parties hereto concerning this Agreement or the performance
 thereof. 

10. Choice
 of Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and entered in accordance with
 the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts deemed to be made within such state,
 without regard to choice of law or conflict of law provisions thereof. 

1 l. Interpretation .
No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed against any party hereto because that party or its legal representative
drafted it. 

12. Survival .
 Sections 1-13, inclusive, of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement
 by either party hereto for any reason. 

13. Counterparts .
 This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which when so executed
 and delivered to the other party hereto shall be deemed an original. The executed page(s)
 from each original may be joined together and attached to one such original and shall thereupon
 constitute one and the same instrument. Such counterparts may be delivered by facsimile or
 other electronic transmission, which shall not impair the validity thereof. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above. 

Note
 Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Meso Numismatics,
 Inc 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen 

Title: 
 CEO 

4 

EXHIBIT
A 

Original Notes Current Amount 
 
 Accrued Interest at 12/7/2020 (including 
 Current Total 
 
 Notes 
 Issued Date 
 Note Principle 
 Outstanding 
 Maturity 10 
 default interest) 
 Outstanding 
 
 New Note 
 1/21/2016 
 45,465.00 
 18,940.00 
 1,894.00 
 20,882.78 
 41,716.78 
 
 New Note 
 2/25/2016 
 73,500.00 
 48,000.00 
 4,800.00 
 51,771.62 
 104,571.62 
 
 New Note 
 3/21/2016 
 63,000.00 
 63,000.00 
 6,300.00 
 66,801.40 
 136,101.40 
 
 New Note 
 5/4/2016 
 134,085.00 
 134,085.00 
 13,408.50 
 137,937.83 
 285,431.33 
 
 New Note 
 3/30/2018 
 38,850.00 
 38,850.00 
 3,885.00 
 20,454.05 
 63,189.05 
 
 New Note 
 5/1/2018 
 13,000.00 
 13,000.00 
 1,300.00 
 6,543.45 
 20,843.45 
 
 New Note 
 6/5/2018 
 26,300.00 
 26,300.00 
 
 11,621.00 
 37,921.00 
 
 New Note 
 6/29/2018 
 26,500.00 
 26,500.00 
 
 11,291.18 
 37,791.18 
 
 New Note 
 7/30/2018 
 27,500.00 
 27,500.00 
 
 11,138.63 
 38,638.63 
 
 New Note 
 8/30/2018 
 17,500.00 
 17,500.00 
 
 6,731.51 
 24,231.51 
 
 New Note 
 9/28/2018 
 31,750.00 
 31,750.00 
 
 1 1,628.33 
 43,378.33 
 
 New Note 
 10/26/2018 
 17,650.00 
 17,650.00 
 
 6,127.69 
 23,777.69 
 
 New Note 
 11/27/2018 
 22,083.55 
 22,083.55 
 
 7,202.26 
 29,285.81 
 
 Aged Debt 
 7/1/2015 
 20,000.00 
 20,000.00 
 2,000.00 
 24,623.34 
 46,623.34 
 
 Backend 
 1/21/2016 
 45,465.00 
 45,465.00 
 4,546.50 
 46,999.60 
 97,011.10 
 
 Backend 
 2/25/2016 
 73,500.00 
 73,500.00 
 7,350.00 
 73,636.93 
 154,486.93 
 
 Backend 
 3/21/2016 
 63,000.00 
 63,000.00 
 6,300.00 
 62,355.16 
 131,655.16 
 
 Backend 
 5/4/2016 
 134,085.00 
 134,085.00 
 13,408.50 
 117,600.99 
 265,094.49 

5 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 10
 f10k2022ex10-8_mesonumis.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 9, 2020 WITH JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit 10.8 

LOAN AGREEMENT 

This Loan Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 9th day of December 2020 Agreement Execution Date ), by and between Meso Numismatics Inc., a
Nevada Corporation (the Borrower ), and Investor, a Nevada limited liability Company, (Lender ). (The Borrower and
Lender sometimes may be referred to as the Parties ). 

WHEREAS ,
the Borrower desires that Lender fund an amount to the Borrower and Lender is willing to fund such amount to the Borrower, on the terms
set forth herein below. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the terms and conditions contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Loan
Amount. The Parties hereby agree that Lender shall fund the Borrower Loan an amount equal to USD 100,000.00 Loan
Amount ), which Loan Amount shall be wired to the Borrower within 3 business days of the Agreement Execution Date, pursuant to wiring
instructions provided for by the Borrower to the Lender. 

2. Promissory
Note. The Loan shall be evidenced by an original issue discount non-convertible promissory note in the amount of 110,000 Principal
Amount ), which note is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Note ). The Note shall be executed by
the Borrower as of the Agreement Execution Date. Every term contained in the Note shall be deemed incorporated into this Agreement. To
the extent any provision of the Note shall be deemed to be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, however, the provisions
of this Agreement shall prevail. 

3. Interest.
 The Principal Amount shall bear interest at an annual compounded rate of 15 Interest ). The Interest, along with the
Principal Amount, shall become due and payable on the Maturity Date (as defined below). 

4. Warrants.
 In consideration for the Loan and in addition to the Note, the Borrower shall issue the Lender warrants Warrants in
the form described herein in Exhibit B , providing the Lender the right to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock
of the Borrower at an exercise price of 0.03 per share. The Warrants shall have a term of three (3) years and shall have a cashless exercise. 

5. Terms of the
Repayment of the Loan. 

(a) Subject to the default provisions in the Note, the Loan shall be repaid on December 9, 2023 Maturity Date ). 

(b) If any payment of the Principal Amount, Interest and Penalty, as applicable (and as defined below), becomes due on a day on which
the Lender is closed, such payment shall be made no later than the next succeeding Business Day (a Business Day shall be
considered to be Monday through Friday excluding weekends and public holidays) and such extension shall be included in computing interest
in connection with such payment. 

(c) The Borrower shall be entitled to prepay the Loan; and 

(d) All payments by Borrower on account of Principal Amount, Interest and/or Penalty Payment hereunder shall be made in
lawful money of the United States of America, in immediately available funds. 

6. Penalty .
Borrower will pay a default rate equal to 5 per annum in excess of the rate set forth herein Penalty for each day any
Payment due and payable herein in this Agreement is late and has not been made on its due date. 

7. Representation
of The Borrower. 

(a) The Borrower
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated,
with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and
where now owned, leased, used, operated and/or conducted. 

(b) The Borrower
has all requisite power and has obtained full authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by this
Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder and nothing in this Agreement contravenes any existing
law or breaches any prior obligation of the Borrower with respect to any subject or transaction contemplated herein. 

8. Representation
of Lender. 

(a) The Lender
represents that it has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by
this Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder. 

(b) This Agreement
and the Loan involve a high degree of risk and Lender acknowledges that Lender can bear the complete economic risk, including the total
loss of the Loan Amount. 

(c) Lender has
the sophistication, knowledge and business acumen necessary to adequately evaluate funding the Loan Amount to the Borrower and understands
completely the terms, conditions, and risks associated with same. 

9. Termination. 
This Agreement shall terminate Termination ): 

(a) upon full repayment to the Lender; or 

(b) upon mutual written agreement by the Parties. 

2 

10. Assignments,
Successors and No-Third Party Rights. This Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the
successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any person
other than the Parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any
provision of this Agreement. 

11. Miscellaneous.

(a) All of the terms
and provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon Borrower, and Lender and their respective successors. 

(b) This Agreement
sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior contracts, agreements,
arrangements, communications, discussions, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, between the Parties, This Agreement
may be amended only by a writing executed by each of the Parties on the subject matter hereof. 

(c) This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to the principles
of conflict of law. 

(d) Any notice,
request or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and signed and shall be deemed to have been duly given
when received if personally delivered, sent by facsimile, or by established overnight courier to the address to be communicated by each
of the Parties. 

(e) The
Parties hereto agree that Lender may assign any of its rights and obligations herein to any of its assigns, at its sole discretion. 

(f) If
any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(g)
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the
same instrument. Facsimile signatures of the undersigned parties will have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE
TO FOLLOWS] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen 

Title: 
 CEO 

INVESTOR 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

4 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 11
 f10k2022ex10-9_mesonumis.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2021 WITH JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit 10.9 

LOAN AGREEMENT 

This Loan Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 30th day of December 2021, by and between Meso Numismatics Inc. a Nevada Corporation (the Borrower and Lender/Investor Lender a limited liability corporation. (The Borrower and Lender sometimes may be referred to as the
 Parties ). 

WHEREAS , the Parties previously
entered into a Loan and Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Lender was issued a promissory note Previous Note in the principal amount of 6,000 Previous Note Amount ), and subsequently into a Waiver, the whole as attached hereto as
 Exhibit A LSPA ); 

WHEREAS,
 to date, the Borrower has accrued interest on the Previous Note Amount in the total amount of 1,578.27 Accrued Interest for an aggregate amount of the Previous Note Amount and Accrued Interest equal to 7,578.97 Total Previous Note Amount ); 

WHEREAS, 
the Parties wish to fully modify the terms of the LSPA New Terms ), issue a new promissory note representing the New Note
Amount (as defined below) and extend the date of Maturity (as defined in the LSPA); 

WHEREAS,
 in consideration for the New Terms, the New Note Amount shall include a 5 premium for a total of 7,958 New Note Amount ). 

WHEREAS, 
to this end, the Parties hereby declare the LSPA and all related documents including the Previous Note, null and void and have entered
into this herein Agreement, setting forth the terms of their entire agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the terms and conditions contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Promissory
Note. The New Note Amount shall be evidenced by a non-convertible original issue discount promissory note, in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the New Note ), which New Note shall be executed by the Borrower as of the Execution
Date. Every term contained in the New Note shall be deemed incorporated into this Agreement. To the extent any provision of the New Note
shall be deemed to be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, however, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

2. Terms
of the New Note. The Parties agree that the New Note shall have a term of 17 months from the Execution of this Agreement and shall
be due and payable in full in one lump sum on July 30, 2023 Maturity ). The New Note shall accrue compounded interest of
exactly 12 per annum Interest ), which shall be added to the Principal Amount and paid at Maturity. 

3. Representation of The Borrower. 

(a) The Borrower
and each of its subsidiaries, if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its
properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. 

(b) The
Borrower has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by this Agreement
to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the Transaction contemplated herein. 

4. Representation of Lender. 

(a) Lender
has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by this Agreement to be
signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the Transaction contemplated herein. 

(b) This Agreement involves a high degree of risk and Lender acknowledges that Lender can bear its complete economic risk. 

(c) Lender
has the sophistication, knowledge and business acumen necessary to adequately evaluate funding the Principal Amount to the Borrower and
understands completely the terms, conditions, and risks associated with same. 

5. Penalty.
 In addition to Lender s right to any default payment under the New Note, Borrower will pay a default rate equal to 5 per annum
in excess of the rate set forth herein Penalty for each day any Payment due and payable herein in this Agreement is late
and has not been made on its due date . 

6. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate Termination ): 

(a) Upon full repayment of the New Note; or 

(b) upon mutual written agreement by the Parties; 

7. Assignments,
Successors and No-Third Party Rights. This Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the
successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person
other than the Parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any
provision of this Agreement. 

8. Miscellaneous. 

(a) All
of the terms and provisions of this Agreement will be binding upon Borrower, and Lender and their respective successors. 

(b) This
Agreement, including the preamble, sets forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes all prior contracts, agreements, arrangements, communications, discussions, representations and warranties, whether oral
or written, between the Parties including but not limited to the LSPA and the Previous Note. This Agreement may be amended only by a
writing executed by each of the Parties on the subject matter hereof. 

2 

(c) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to
the principles of conflict of law. 

(d) Any
notice, request or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and signed and shall be deemed to have been
duly given when received if personally delivered, sent by facsimile, or by established overnight courier to the address first written
above for each of the Parties. 

(e) If
any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity,
legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(f) This
Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same
instrument. Facsimile signatures of the undersigned parties will have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the
Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen, CEO 

LENDER 

By: 

Manager 

4 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 12
 f10k2022ex10-10_mesonumis.htm
 LOAN AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 30, 2021 WITH JCC TRADING, LLC

Exhibit 10.10 

LOAN AGREEMENT 

This Loan Agreement (the Agreement is made effective as of the 30th day of December 2021, by and between Meso Numismatics Inc. a Nevada Corporation (the Borrower and Investor/Lender Lender a limited liability corporation. (The Borrower and Lender sometimes may be referred to as the
 Parties ). 

WHEREAS , the Parties previously
entered into a Loan and Securities Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Lender was issued a promissory note Previous Note in the principal amount of 84,000 Previous Note Amount ), and subsequently into a Waiver, the whole as attached hereto
as Exhibit A LSPA ); 

WHEREAS, to
date, the Borrower has accrued interest on the Previous Note Amount in the total amount of 22,162.19 Accrued Interest for an aggregate amount of the Previous Note Amount and Accrued Interest equal to 106,162.19 Total Previous Note Amount ); 

WHEREAS, the
Parties wish to fully modify the terms of the LSPA New Terms ), issue a new promissory note representing the New Note Amount
(as defined below) and extend the date of Maturity (as defined in the LSPA); 

WHEREAS, in
consideration for the New Terms, the New Note Amount shall include a 5 premium for a total of 111,470 New Note Amount ). 

WHEREAS, to
this end, the Parties hereby declare the LSPA and all related documents including the Previous Note, null and void and have entered into
this herein Agreement, setting forth the terms of their entire agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the terms and conditions contained herein, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Promissory
Note. The New Note Amount shall be evidenced by a non-convertible original issue discount promissory note, in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B (the New Note ), which New Note shall be executed by the Borrower as of the Execution
Date. Every term contained in the New Note shall be deemed incorporated into this Agreement. To the extent any provision of the New Note
shall be deemed to be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, however, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

2. Terms
of the New Note. The Parties agree that the New Note shall have a term of 17 months from the Execution of this Agreement and shall
be due and payable in full in one lump sum on July 30, 2023 Maturity ). The New Note shall accrue compounded interest of
exactly 12 per annum Interest ), which shall be added to the Principal Amount and paid at Maturity. 

3.
Representation of The Borrower. 

(a) The Borrower and each of its subsidiaries, if any, is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power
and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned,
leased, used, operated and conducted. 

(b) The Borrower has all requisite power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by this Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the Transaction contemplated herein. 

4.
Representation of Lender. 

(a) Lender has all requisite power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and any other document contemplated by this Agreement to be signed by the Borrower and to perform its obligations
hereunder and to consummate the Transaction contemplated herein. 

(b) This Agreement involves a high degree of risk and Lender
acknowledges that Lender can bear its complete economic risk. 

(c) Lender has the sophistication, knowledge and business acumen
necessary to adequately evaluate funding the Principal Amount to the Borrower and understands completely the terms, conditions, and risks
associated with same. 

5. Penalty.
 In addition to Lender s right to any default payment under the New Note, Borrower will pay a default rate equal to 5 per annum
in excess of the rate set forth herein Penalty for each day any Payment due and payable herein in this Agreement is late
and has not been made on its due date . 

6.
Termination. This Agreement shall terminate Termination ): 

(a) Upon full repayment of the New Note; or 

(b) upon mutual written agreement by the Parties; 

7. Assignments,
Successors and No-Third Party Rights. This Agreement will apply to, be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the
successors and permitted assigns of the Parties. Nothing expressed or referred to in this Agreement will be construed to give any Person
other than the Parties to this Agreement any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or with respect to this Agreement or any
provision of this Agreement. 

2 

8.
Miscellaneous. 

(a) All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement will be
binding upon Borrower, and Lender and their respective successors. 

(b) This Agreement, including the preamble, sets forth the entire
understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior contracts, agreements, arrangements,
communications, discussions, representations and warranties, whether oral or written, between the Parties including but not limited to
the LSPA and the Previous Note. This Agreement may be amended only by a writing executed by each of the Parties on the subject matter
hereof. 

(c) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced
in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of law. 

(d) Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted
hereunder shall be in writing and signed and shall be deemed to have been duly given when received if personally delivered, sent by facsimile,
or by established overnight courier to the address first written above for each of the Parties. 

(e) If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement
shall be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

(f) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile signatures of the undersigned parties
will have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties
have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 David Christensen, CEO 

Lender 

By: 

Manager 

4 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 f10k2022ex21-1_mesonumis.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

 OF 

 MESO NUMISMATICS INC. 

 A NEVADA CORPORATION 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
or Organization 
 
 Ownership 

Global Stem Cell Group Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 100 

SUBSIDIARIES 

 OF 

 GLOBAL STEM CELLS GROUP INC. 

 A FLORIDA CORPORATION 

Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
or Organization 
 
 Ownership 

Cellular Hope Institute. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 f10k2022ex31-1_mesonumis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David Christensen, certify that; 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Meso Numismatics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ David Christensen 

By: David Christensen 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 f10k2022ex31-2_mesonumis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David Christensen, certify that; 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Meso Numismatics, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ David Christensen 

By: David Christensen 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 f10k2022ex32-1_mesonumis.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual Report of Meso Numismatics,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 Report ), I, David Christensen, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial
condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ David Christensen 

Name: 
 David Christensen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 April 14, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 mssv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 18
 mssv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 19
 mssv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 mssv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 mssv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

