<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1803977_0001493152-23-012622.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5767740</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>409021</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>958996</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1943959</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1031665</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1256846</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012622.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417173051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012622
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Limitless X Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803977
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				811034163
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56453
		FILM NUMBER:		23824920

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9454 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		#300
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-273-0433

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9454 WILSHIRE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		#300
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIO LAB NATURALS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012622.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________to _____________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock 

 Title
of each class 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2022 based on the closing bid price of 14.91
for shares of the registrant s common stock as reported by the OTCQB, was approximately million. Shares of common stock beneficially
owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of our common stock have been excluded in that such persons may
be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

The
registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, as of April 17, 2023. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1.Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1A.Risk Factors 
 
 17 
 
 Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 43 
 
 Item 2.Properties 
 
 43 
 
 Item 3.Legal Proceedings 
 
 43 
 
 Item 4.Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 44 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 50 
 
 Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9A.Controls and Procedures 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9B.Other Information 
 
 51 
 
 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 52 
 
 Item 11.Executive Compensation. 
 
 57 
 
 Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 60 
 
 Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 62 
 
 Item 14.Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 64 

PART IV 

Item 15.Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 65 

Exhibit Index 
 
 65 
 
 Signatures 
 
 67 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-1 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates concerning the timing and success of specific projects and our future
construction, revenues, income, cost of sales, expenses, and capital spending. Our forward-looking statements are generally accompanied
by words such as estimate, project, predict, believe, expect, intend, 
 anticipate, potential, plan, goal, foresee, likely, 
 target, may, should, could, or other words that convey the uncertainty of future
events or outcomes. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report speak only as of the date of this document, and we disclaim
any obligation to update these statements unless required by law, and we caution you not to rely on them unduly. We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations
and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory, and other risks,
contingencies, and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. 

These
forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates
and assumptions as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Moreover, we operate in a very highly
competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all
risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties,
you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained herein. 

You
should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference and have filed as exhibits with the understanding that our actual
future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our
forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report relate only to events as of the date on which such statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report or to conform such statements to actual results
or revised expectations, except as required by law. 

3 

PART
I 

Throughout
this Annual Report, references to the Company, VYBE, we, us, and our 
refer to Limitless X Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Our
Company 

Limitless
X Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Limitless X, Inc. and Prime Time Live, Inc. (collectively referred
to herein as the Company, we, our, or us ). 

Organization
and Changes in Corporate Structure 

The
historical background of our corporate structure is as follows: 

June
 1996 (Original and Initial Corporation) We were originally incorporated as
 Vyta Corp, a Nevada corporation, in June 1996. Until June 2009, Vyta Corp, through its wholly
 owned subsidiary, BioAgra, LLC, was involved in the sale and manufacturing of a natural additive
 for use in the animal feed industry. On May 15, 2009, Vyta Corp ceased its operational activities.
 On June 30, 2009, Vyta Corp filed a Form 15-15D, with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 SEC to cease its filing obligations under the Exchange Act. 

August
 2010 (Merger and Reorganization) - On August 20, 2010, Vyta Corp changed its state
 of incorporation to Delaware. On September 16, 2010, Vyta Corp and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
 10 Vyta, Inc., with Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. entered into a Holding Company Reorganization/Merger
 Transaction, whereby Vyta Corp was reorganized with 10 Vyta, Inc., with Bio Lab Naturals,
 Inc. being the survivor holding company, and 10 Vyta was divested thereafter. The shareholders
 of Vyta Corp became the shareholders of Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. with no change in the number
 of shares. On November 5, 2010 , and through a holding company reorganization,
 reorganized as Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. 

August
 2010 (Merger) - In 2010, Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. executed a merger with Bio Protein,
 Inc. As part of the merger, Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. exchanged 40 shares of its
 common stock for every one share of Bio Protein, Inc. (Colorado.) This merger was rescinded
 April 10, 2013 and 6,868,260 shares were agreed to be cancelled. The name was changed back
 to Vyta Corp, but such was changed back to Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. when there failed to be
 shareholder approval for the merger. 

2015
 Merger Failure) - Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. agreed to a merger with Set
 Net Global, Inc. in 2015 and changed its name, but the merger was never completed and the
 name was returned to Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. 

4 

September
 2019 (Acquisition) - On September 17, 2019, Prime Time Live, Inc. was incorporated
 in Colorado and effective October 11, 2019, acquired all of the event services business of
 Prime Time Mobile Event Screens LLC PTMVES in exchange for PTL issuing 350,000
 shares of its common stock to the owner of PTMVES. The transaction was accounted for by PTL
 as an acquisition of a business under ASC 805. 

December
 2019 (Merger and Reorganization) - On December 31, 2019, Bio Lab Naturals, Inc.;
 PTL Acquisition Sub, Inc., a newly formed Colorado corporation PTL Acquisition Sub ),
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bio Lab Naturals, Inc.; and PTL, entered into a Plan of Reorganization.
 PTL Acquisition Sub merged with and into PTL whereby PTL Acquisition Sub became the surviving
 entity in exchange for one share of common stock being issued for each share of PTL s
 5,500,000 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. A total of 6,931,061 shares of the
 Bio Lab Natural, Inc. s common stock were cancelled. PTL Acquisition Sub changed its
 name to Prime Time Live, Inc. 

May
 2022 (Limitless X Reverse Merger) - On May 11, 2022, Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. entered
 into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with Limitless
 X, Inc., a Nevada corporation LimitlessX ), and its 11 shareholders (the LimitlessX
 Acquisition ). The parties completed and closed the LimitlessX Acquisition on May 20,
 2022 by issuing an aggregate of 97,000,000 shares to the LimitlessX shareholders (the Acquisition
 Closing ). Subsequently and according to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement,
 Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. issued an additional 9,000,000 shares of common stock to the LimitlessX
 shareholders pro rata to their interests after the Acquisition Closing and as part of the
 LimitlessX Acquisition. Concurrently with the LimitlessX Acquisition, Jaspreet Mathur, the
 founder and principal shareholder of LimitlessX, also purchased from Helion Holdings LLC,
 500,000 shares of Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. s Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, which
 at all times have a number of votes equal to 60 of all the issued and outstanding shares
 of common stock of Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. 

On
 June 10, 2022, Bio Lab changed its name to Limitless X Holdings, Inc. Limitless ). 

All
shares referenced in the three previous paragraphs are stated in a pre-Reverse Stock Split basis. 

Company
Overview 

We
are a direct-to-consumer DTC lifestyle marketplace dedicated to the production, marketing, and sales of products and
services in three primary vertical markets: 

1. Health
 and wellness; 
 
 2. Beauty
 and skincare; and 
 
 3. The
 Vapor industry, including hemp, CBD, and e-cigarette vape. 

We
have an eco-system within our three verticals and a series of product businesses within each vertical. We have launched and grown over
20 DTC wellness and fitness-focused brands. Clients are companies with products in one of our three verticals that engage us to provide
them with marketing products as well as access to our turnkey solution to take the product from just an idea all the way to sales and
distribution. We also market and sell our own products and accessories. 

5 

Products and Services
Information 

We
operate in the following products and services: 

Health products 

The
health products includes the sales of health products in our three primary vertical markets: 

1. Health
 and wellness; 
 
 2. Beauty
 and skincare; and 
 
 3. The
 Vapor industry, including hemp, CBD, and e-cigarette vape. 

Digital marketing services 

The
digital marketing services includes: 

1. Digital
 marketing; 

2. Digital
 and print design; 

3. Social
 media marketing; and 

4. Direct-to-consumer
 marketing. 

Brands 

We
have a current brand portfolio of 17 brands: 

Health
and wellness brands 

1. One
 Shot 
 
 2. Divatrim 
 
 3. Glucose
 1 
 
 4. TruKeto 
 
 5. Keto
 Trim 
 
 6. Regal 
 
 7. A1
 Keto 
 
 8. Xanquil 
 
 9. FPS 
 
 10. Icon
 Muscle 
 
 11. Sexgod 
 
 12. NZT-48
 (Nootropic) 
 
 13. Athlete
 Pharm (Sports Nutrition) 
 
 14. BodyCor
 (Sports Nutrition) 

Beauty
and skincare brands 

15. Amarose 

6 

Vapor
and hemp brands 

16. Smilz 
 
 17. Hemp
 AM/PM 

Products 

Sales
 of Products: 

Product
 Manufacturing Solutions : With solutions such as sourcing of quality ingredients, a reliable
 supply chain network, a network of manufacturers, and quality assurance and compliance, we
 help maintain control over the manufacturing process from start to finish. This ensures greater
 efficiency, quality, and reduced costs. 
 
 Direct-to-Consumer
 Marketing : We utilize proven consumer-marketing strategies bypassing retailers to keep
 costs down, potentially increase profits, and capture consumer data. 
 
 Fulfillment :
 We use fulfillment and logistics services that support fast delivery. 

Sales
 of Digital Services: 

Branding
 and Marketing : We help launch products through omni-channel networks to ensure that our
 clients can reach their customers more effectively. We offer digital marketing, digital and
 print design, social media marketing, and direct-to-consumer marketing. 

Process 

We
have manufacturing and distribution licensing agreements to market, manufacture, sell, and distribute the branded products on behalf
of our clients. The client retains the rights to continue its own use of these items under existing or new contracts in its discretion,
and to develop new products. Our typical manufacturing and distribution licensing agreements allows us to: 

a) Design
 or redesign the products; 
 
 b) Manufacture
 the products under such design specifications as may be mutually agreed upon by the client
 and us from time to time; 
 
 c) Promote,
 sell, and distribute the products in the United States and its territories; 
 
 d) Use
 the existing designs of the products and all intellectual property rights associated with
 or for such products, including all trademarks and patent rights, with the sale, promotion,
 and distribution of the products in the territory, including the display of any trademarks,
 and all other designs or marks which could be or that are actually later registered with
 the federal Patent and Trademark Office, on our vehicles and other merchandising equipment,
 and on stationery, packaging, and other advertising and promotional materials; 
 
 e) Use
 the existing domain names, web addresses, telephone lines, third-party vendors, and any other
 operational element currently in use by the client that can be transferred to us; and 
 
 f) Manufacture,
 promote, sell, and distribute new products designed or created by us that we deem preferable
 to sell under the client s name; and in such case, we negotiate in good faith to agree
 on a royalty commission percentage or flat rate amount for the sale of new products using
 the client s name. 

7 

We
order products from third party partner manufacturers, who make the products according to our own custom formulations, and brand them
using our licensed trademarks. Products are then marketed and sold DTC online. Orders are fulfilled and shipped directly from our licensors. 

Currently,
all of the brands in our portfolio and all of the licensing agreements with the aforementioned brands are with affiliated companies that
are owned 100 by our Chief Executive Officer, Jas Mathur, except for Amarose, which is owned 50 by Mr. Mathur and 50 by Amanda Saccomanno,
one of our directors. Pursuant to the licensing agreements, we pay such all of such licensees a royalty of 4 of gross sales for each
licensed brand. 

Competitive
Strengths 

Our
ideal clients are entrepreneurs and nascent brands that want to enter the health, wellness, and/or beauty industries but lack one or
more of the necessary competencies or capabilities in manufacturing, marketing, or distribution. Our turnkey solutions can provide them
with those missing resources. 

We
constantly strive to find gaps in the relevant marketplace and develop products that fill those gaps and meet or exceed the needs of
our consumers. For example, we believe we were one of the earlier providers of keto supplements when the keto diet trend started to become
popular. Because of our turnkey solution, we are able to launch products quickly and efficiently to meet the needs of our consumers and
cater to new advances in health, wellness, beauty, and the vapor industry. 

We
believe that our experience has uniquely positioned us to scale and maintain an ecosystem of opinion leaders following wellness-focused
brands. We believe we work with an A-list group of influencers and have brought together a network of music artists, movie
stars, professional athletes, popular social media influencers, fitness experts, and nutrition coaches who promote the products and services
that are offered on our platform. We utilize our network of influencers on an as needed basis and compensation terms vary
depending on the influencer and product, as decided upon by our management. We do not have any formal long term contracts with any one
influencer. Our marketing team works with the brands to determine the appropriate audience for any given brand and reaches out to those
persons in our network, who are then engaged to publicize on their media platforms a pre-approved post provided by our marketing team,
and in turn, they receive commissions for sales of products they publicize. 

We
plan to expand our footprint over the next 18 months by harnessing our data analysis tools to strengthen relationships with current customers
while simultaneously developing relationships with new ones. We utilize a custom CRM system that handles all of the customer orders and
shipping logistics. We retain all of our customer information and utilize data analysis tools that allow us to effectively service our
customers throughout their lifecycles and target them with products that are age and lifestyle appropriate. 

8 

All
of our compliance matters are managed in house by our Chief Operating Officer and our Vice President of Legal Affairs, including our
data security, privacy rights, and ensuring that the products that we offer are in compliance with applicable government regulations.
(See Government Regulations below.) 

We
offer a customer satisfaction guarantee. If for any reason a customer is not satisfied with a product, they may return it or any unused
portion of the product within 30 calendar days from the date of receipt for a full refund (less shipping, handling, gift wrap, or other
charges) or credit toward the exchange of another product. Together, product returns and buybacks were less than 1 of net sales as of
the date hereof. 

Market
Research for Our Verticals 

Health
and Wellness 

The
healthy eating, nutrition, and weight loss markets maintained a growth of 3.6 during the pandemic, which launched a wave of interest
in home cooking, healthy food, and immunity-focused foods and supplements. The sector grew from 858 billion in 2017 to 912 billion
in 2019 to 945.5 billion in 2020 and is forecasted to grow 5 annually to reach 1.2 trillion by 2025. 1 

Beauty
 Skincare Industry 

While
global consumer spending for personal care and beauty expanded from 1 trillion in 2017 to 1.1 trillion in 2019, it declined by 13 
to 955 billion in 2020. Data from the Global Wellness Institute expects post-pandemic spending to bounce back at 8.2 annual growth
through 2025 to reach 1.4 trillion. 2 

CBD/Hemp 

We
believe that the global cannabidiol (CBD) market is primed for rapid growth. Expected to reach 6.36 billion in 2022, the CBD market
compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) over the eight-year period from 2022 to 2030 is anticipated to result in a total market size of
 22 billion by 2030. 3 

Future
Plans 

We
plan to continue to provide businesses within our industry categories with turnkey solutions to sell their products online. We currently
offer products online only, but could expand to the physical retail and wholesale marketplaces in the future. 

1
 Healthy Eating, Nutrition Weight Loss, The Global Wellness Economy: Looking Beyond COVID 202, The Global Wellness Institute,
Released December 2021. 

 2
 Id. 

 3
 Id. 

9 

Operating
as an integrated marketing agency, we plan to offers global services across all areas of the sales process, including market research,
brand and product development, and digital advertising. 

Performance
 Marketing: 

We
 plan to serve clients through a unified approach of advertising, publishing, and affiliate
 marketing. 

Sales
 of Digital Services: 

Market
 Research : We plan to examines the competitive landscape of industries by analyzing competitors 
 products, conducting surveys, finding relevant partners, and researching resources. We will
 then create an actionable plan to break into the market. 
 
 Development
 and Technology : Based on a consumer-focused plan, we plan to build digital products by
 choosing the right tech theme to keep consumers consistently connected to products and services. 
 
 Content
 Generation : Our team plans to decide which form of content may work best, and then forms
 a strategy (keyword or otherwise) and produces it. 

Brand
 Development: 

Brand
 Development : With services such as market research, brand identity and positioning, labeling
 and packaging, and content marketing strategy, we plans to help craft brands that are competitive
 in the current and evolving market demands. 

Government
Regulations 

The
formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, and sale of each of our major product groups are subject
to regulation by one or more governmental agencies in the United States and in other countries. In the United States, the Food and Drug
Administration FDA regulates our products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended and the regulations
promulgated thereunder FDCA ). The FDCA defines the terms food and dietary supplement and sets
forth various conditions that, unless complied with, may constitute adulteration or misbranding of such products. The FDCA has been amended
several times with respect to dietary supplements, including amendments by the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 and the Dietary
Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

FDA
regulations relating specifically to foods and dietary supplements for human use are set forth in Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations.
These regulations include basic labeling requirements for both foods and dietary supplements. Additionally, FDA regulations require us
to meet relevant good manufacturing practice regulations relating to, among other things, the preparation, packaging, and storage of
our food and dietary supplements. 

10 

All
of our manufacturing, packaging, and storage are outsourced to third parties who are FDA compliant. The labelling is also outsourced
to a third party that is responsible for ensuring that the branding and labeling are compliant with applicable regulations. 

The
health and wellness (including nootropics and sports nutrition), beauty, and skincare products that we sell under our own brands and
from third-party brands are subject to regulation by the FDA. Substantially all of our products are subject to regulation by one or more
of the following: the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the CPSC ), the FTC, and various other federal, state, and local
regulatory authorities. These laws and regulations principally relate to the ingredients or components, proper labeling, advertising,
packaging, marketing, manufacture, registration, safety, shipment, and disposal of the products we offer. 

Under
the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FDCA ), cosmetics are defined as articles or components of articles that are
applied to the human body and intended to cleanse, beautify, or alter its appearance, with the exception of soap. The labeling of cosmetic
products is also subject to the requirements of the FDCA, the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act, the Poison Prevention Packaging Act and
other FDA regulations. Cosmetics are not subject to pre-market approval by the FDA, however certain ingredients, such as color additives,
must be pre-authorized. 

If
the safety of the products or ingredients has not been adequately substantiated, a specific warning label is required. Other warnings
may also be mandated pursuant to FDA regulations. The FDA monitors compliance of cosmetic products through market surveillance and inspection
of cosmetic manufacturers and distributors to ensure that the products neither contain false nor misleading labeling and that they are
not manufactured under unsanitary conditions. Inspections also may arise from consumer or competitor complaints filed with the FDA. In
the event the FDA identifies false or misleading labeling or unsanitary conditions or otherwise a failure to comply with FDA requirements,
we may be required by a regulatory authority or we may independently decide to conduct a recall or market withdrawal of a product or
to make changes to our manufacturing processes or product formulations or labels. 

The
FDA may change the regulations applicable to any product category, requiring a change in labeling, product formulation or analytical
testing. 

We
are subject to regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC under the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Federal
Hazardous Substances Act, and other laws enforced by the CPSC. These statutes and the related regulations establish safety standards
and bans for consumer products. The CPSC monitors compliance of consumer products under its jurisdiction through market surveillance
and has the authority to conduct product safety related inspections of establishments where consumer products are manufactured, held,
or transported. The CPSC has the authority to require the recall of noncompliant products or products containing a defect that creates
a substantial risk of injury to the public. The CPSC may seek penalties for regulatory noncompliance under certain circumstances. CPSC
regulations also require manufacturers of consumer products to report to the CPSC certain types of information regarding products that
fail to comply with applicable regulations, that contain a defect which could create a substantial product hazard, or that create an
unreasonable risk of serious injury or death. Certain state laws also address the safety of consumer products and mandate reporting requirements
and noncompliance with these laws may result in penalties or other regulatory action. 

The
United States Department of Agriculture USDA enforces federal standards for organic production and use of the term organic 
on certain product labeling. These laws prohibit a company from selling or labeling products as organic unless they are produced and
handled in accordance with the applicable federal law. 

11 

The
FTC, FDA, USDA, and other government authorities also regulate advertising and product claims regarding the characteristics, quality,
safety, performance, and benefits of the products we offer. These regulatory authorities typically require a safety assessment of the
product and reasonable basis to support any factual marketing claims. What constitutes a reasonable basis for substantiation can vary
widely from market to market and there is no assurance that our efforts to support our claims will be considered sufficient. The most
significant area of risk for such activities relates to improper or unsubstantiated claims about the composition, use, efficacy and safety
of our products and their environmental impacts. If we cannot adequately support safety or substantiate our product claims, or if our
promotional materials make claims that exceed the scope of allowed claims for the classification of the specific product, the FDA, FTC,
or other regulatory authority could take enforcement action, impose penalties, require us to pay monetary consumer redress, require us
to revise our marketing materials, temporarily suspend or permanently close selling certain products, or require us to accept burdensome
injunctions, only of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition, the FTC regulates the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising as well as relationships between advertisers and
social media influencers pursuant to principles described in the FTC s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials
in Advertising (the Endorsement Guides ). The Endorsement Guides provide that an endorsement must reflect the honest opinion
of the endorser and cannot be used to make a claim about a product that the product s marketer could not itself legally make. The
Endorsement Guides also say that if there is a connection between an endorser and the marketer that consumers would not expect and it
would affect how consumers evaluate the endorsement, that connection should be disclosed. Another principle in the Endorsement Guides
applies to ads that feature endorsements from people who achieved exceptional, or even above average, results from using a product. If
the advertiser does not have proof that the endorser s experience represents what people will generally achieve using the product
as described in the advertisements, then an advertisement featuring that endorser must make clear to the audience what results they can
generally expect to achieve, and the advertiser must have a reasonable basis for its representations regarding those generally expected
results. Although the Endorsement Guides are advisory in nature and do not operate directly with the force of law, they provide guidance
about what the FTC staff generally believes the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act requires in the context of using
endorsements and testimonials in advertising and any practices inconsistent with the Endorsement Guides can result in violations of the
FTC Act s proscription against unfair and deceptive practices. 

To
the extent we may rely on endorsements or testimonials, we will review any relevant relationships for compliance with the Endorsement
Guides and we will otherwise endeavor to follow the FTC Act and other legal standards applicable to our advertising. However, if our
advertising claims or claims made by our social media influencers or by other endorsers with whom we have a material connection do not
comply with the Endorsement Guides or any requirement of the FTC Act or similar state requirements, the FTC and state consumer protection
authorities could subject us to investigations and enforcement actions, impose penalties, require us to pay monetary consumer redress,
require us to revise our marketing materials, or require us to accept burdensome injunctions, all of which could harm our business, reputation,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

12 

We
are also subject to a number of U.S. federal and state laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet,
including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers and govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Many of these laws
and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts, and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These may
involve user privacy, data protection, content, intellectual property, distribution, electronic contracts and other communications, competition,
protection of minors, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions
and online payment services. In particular, we are subject to federal, state, and local laws regarding privacy and protection of people s
data. Foreign data protection, privacy, and other laws and regulations can be more restrictive than those in the U.S. Federal and state
laws in the U.S. and foreign laws and regulations are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. In addition, the
application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently
from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA requires companies that process information from California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection,
use and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information with third parties, and prohibits covered
businesses from discriminating against California residents (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any of their rights
under the CCPA. The law also provides a private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches that result in the loss
of personal information. In addition, the recently approved California Consumer Privacy Act CPRA became effective January
1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, and imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business in
California, potentially resulting in further complexity. The law, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit
the use of their sensitive information, provides for penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16,
and establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the law. 

There
are also a number of legislative proposals pending before the U.S. Congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments
concerning privacy and data protection which could affect us. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend
toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. If our privacy or data security measures fail to comply with applicable current
or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, enforcement notices requiring us to change
the way we use personal data or our marketing practices, fines, or other penalties, as well as negative publicity and a potential loss
of business. 

13 

Additionally,
the growth and demand for online commerce has resulted in more stringent consumer protection laws that impose additional compliance burdens
on online companies. These laws cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing e-mails
and communications, other advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, product safety, content and quality of products
and services, taxation, electronic contracts, and other communications and information security. 

There
is uncertainty over whether or how existing laws governing issues such as sales and other taxes, auctions, libel, and personal privacy
apply to the internet and commercial online services. These issues are predicted to take years to resolve. For example, tax authorities
in some states, as well as a Congressional advisory commission, are currently reviewing the appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged
in online commerce. Furthermore, new state tax regulations may subject us to additional state sales and income taxes. Other areas that
may result in significant additional taxes or regulatory restrictions include, without limitation, new legislation or regulation; the
application of laws and regulations from jurisdictions whose laws do not currently apply; or the application of existing laws and regulations
to the internet and commercial online services. These taxes or restrictions could have an adverse effect on our cash flow, output, and
overall financial condition. Furthermore, there is a possibility that we may be financially responsible for past failures to comply with
requirements. 

Government
Regulation CBD/Hemp 

We
are subject to local and federal laws and regulations pertaining to the sale of hemp derived CBD products in our operating jurisdictions.
We maintain required licenses for sourcing, manufacturing, and distribution; we also monitor changes in laws, regulations, treaties,
and agreements. 

The
Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, known as the 2018 Farm Bill, is United States federal legislation signed into law
on December 20, 2018, that provides the legal framework for hemp-based products. The 2018 Farm Bill permanently removed hemp 
from the purview of the Controlled Substances Act, and accordingly, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA no longer
has any claim to interfere with the interstate commerce of hemp products. Some of the immediate impact from this legislation includes
the ability for hemp farmers to access crop insurance and U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA programs for competitive
grants. 

Notwithstanding
the removal of the DEA from enforcement of hemp regulations; the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA retains authority
to regulate ingestible and topical hemp products, including hemp extracts that contain CBD. Although no longer a controlled substance
under federal law, cannabinoids derived from industrial hemp are still subject to a patchwork of state regulations. We have dedicated
staff that actively monitors state regulations and proposed regulations to ensure compliance. 

14 

A
range of federal laws and regulations govern sourcing, manufacturing, distribution, sales, and marketing of hemp-derived CBD products
in the U.S. Products sold for oral consumption as liquids, tablets, capsules, softgels, or gummies are under the purview of The Dietary
Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 DSHEA ). Under DSHEA, supplement manufacturing is regulated by the FDA for
current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP under 21 CFR Part 111. Furthermore, the DSHEA defines a dietary supplement 
as a product intended to supplement the diet that contains one or more of the following: (a) a vitamin; (b) a mineral; (c) an herb or
other botanical; (d) an amino acid; (e) a dietary substance for use by humans to supplement the diet by increasing the total dietary
intake; or (f) a concentrate, metabolite, constituent, extract, or combination of any ingredient described in clause (a) through (e).
Thus, the law permits a wide range of dietary ingredients in dietary supplements, including CBD, which is an extract of hemp (Cannabis
sativa L.), which is a legal botanical. CBD also falls under clause (e) as it is a dietary substance for use by humans to supplement
the diet by increasing the total dietary intake. 

In
conjunction with the enactment of the 2018 Farm Bill, the FDA released a statement about the regulatory status of CBD. The statement
noted that the 2018 Farm Bill explicitly preserved the FDA s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived
compounds under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act.
This authority allows the FDA to continue enforcing the law to protect the public while also providing potential regulatory pathways
for products containing cannabis and cannabis-derived compounds. The statement also noted the growing public interest in cannabis and
cannabis-derived products, including CBD, and informed the public that the FDA will treat products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived
compounds as it does any other FDA-regulated products meaning the products will be subject to the same authorities and requirements
as FDA-regulated products containing any other substance, regardless of the source of the substance, including whether the substance
is derived from a plant that is classified as hemp under the 2018 Farm Bill. The FDA s CBD enforcement discretion and regulatory
actions with regards to CBD provide regulatory guidance to the CBD industry. 

In
October 2021, Assembly Bill 45 passed in California, permitting the retail sale of products containing hemp-derived CBD including dietary
supplements, topicals, over-the-counter, and pet products. 

As
of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, and based upon publicly available information, to our knowledge, the FDA has not taken any
enforcement actions against CBD companies that are compliant with the FDCA. The FDA, however, has sent Warning Letters to companies demanding
they cease and desist from the production, distribution, or advertising of CBD products when these companies have made prohibited, misleading,
and unapproved drug claims. We continue to monitor the FDA s position on CBD. 

Backlog
of Orders 

We
currently have no backlogs of orders for sales, at this time . 

Trademarks 

Currently,
we do not own any registered trademarks, but we have several trademark applications for our VYBE branding currently pending. 

15 

Human
Capital 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, we have 12 full-time employees and no part-time employees. None of our employees are members of a
labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain, and reward
personnel through the granting of equity-based compensation awards in order to increase shareholder value and the success of our business
by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Property 

We
own no real property. We have an annual lease for our principal executive office located at 9454 Wilshire Blvd., #300, Beverly Hills,
California 90212 for 11,315 per month which expires in August 2023. Our current plan is to remain in our current office space and to
renew our lease. In the event that renewal is not available, alternative office space is readily available in the local area with similar
rates. 

Reports
to Security Holders 

We
provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally
available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Exchange
Act. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10-K annually and Form 10-Q quarterly. In addition, we will
file Form 8-K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above
reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials
that we file with the SEC, at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov)
that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Our
principal executive office located at 9454 Wilshire Blvd., #300, Beverly Hills, California 90212 . Our main telephone number is 855-413-7030.
Our website is https://limitlessx.com/. Our website or linked information included in our website are not incorporated into this Annual
Report. 

16 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Our
business, results of operations, and financial condition are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. In connection with making any
investment decision with respect to our securities, you should carefully consider the following risk factors, which address the material
risks concerning our business and an investment in our securities, together with the other information contained in this filing. The
risks described below are material risks currently known, expected, or reasonably foreseeable by us. However, the risks described below
are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our
business, operating results, prospects, or financial condition. If any of the risks discussed in this filing occur, our business, prospects,
liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, in which case the trading price
of our common stock could decline significantly. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes in Item 8. Additionally, some statements herein constitute forward-looking statements. (See Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

Our
future profitability is uncertain. 

We
have incurred losses in recent quarters. Because we operate in a highly competitive industry, we have difficulty predicting our future
operating results, and we cannot be certain that our revenue will grow at rates that will allow us to reach or maintain profitability
on a quarterly or annual basis. 

We
have incurred significant losses, we expect to incur losses in the future, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve
and maintain profitability. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred net losses of 9,550,044. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating
losses for the foreseeable future as we broaden our customer base, develop our retail and wholesale distribution platforms, and we make
expenditures in an effort to enhance our existing online direct-to-consumer website. Historically, we have devoted most of our financial
and other resources on sales and marketing; continued expansion of our business; and general administration expenses, including legal,
accounting, and other expenses. We may not succeed in increasing our revenues, which historically have been reliant on our online direct-to-consumer
website, in a manner that will be sufficient to offset these higher expenses. Any failure to increase our revenues as we implement initiatives
to grow our business could prevent us from achieving profitability. We cannot be certain that we will be able to achieve profitability
on a quarterly or annual basis, if at all. If we are unable to address these risks and difficulties as we encounter them, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations may suffer. 

17 

All
of the current brands and products that we sell and promote are owned or controlled by our Chief Executive Officer and we may lose all
of our business at any time. 

All
of the current brands and products that we sell and promote are owned or controlled by Jas Mathur, our Chief Executive Officer. If Mr.
Mathur chooses, on behalf of his companies and/or brands, to terminate all of the agreements he has with us, we will effectively lose
all of our current business. All of our licensing agreements with our current marketed brands were entered into in 2021 and have five
year terms, whereby the licensors are not able to terminate the agreement with us except for cause. However, all such licensing
agreements only grant us a non-exclusive license to manufacture, market, and distribute the brand s products. Therefore, there
is a possibility that the brands could work with other companies to manufacture, market, and distribute their products or replace us
entirely. If this occurs, our revenues will significantly decline or stop completely. In addition, the trademarks for our name, Limitless
X, and logo, are owned by entities that are owned or controlled by Mr. Mathur. In the event that he chooses to restrict our use
of these trademarks, we will not be able to use our name and logo and would have to change the our name. 

We
may not be able to successfully continue the business of Prime Time Live. 

As
a result of the LimitlessX Acquisition, we also acquired the business of Prime Time Live, Inc. PTL ), a digital marketer
and service provider in the event industry. A major part of our business plan is to integrate the PTL platform with our offered services
so that we can establish a more robust in-house digital marketing arm that we can utilize when promoting our customers brands
and products. If we are not able to manage the integration of the PTL business successfully or cost effectively incorporate PTL s
platform, systems, and work flow with our brands existing marketing plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects could be adversely affected. 

If
we fail to cost-effectively acquire new consumers or retain our existing consumers, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract new customers and engage existing customers cost-effectively. To acquire and engage customers,
we must, among other things, promote and sustain our platform, and provide high-quality products, user experiences, and customer service.
If customers do not perceive our e-commerce service or products to be reliable and of high quality, if we fail to introduce new and improved
products, or if we introduce new products that are not favorably received by the market, we may not be able to attract or retain customers. 

We
have historically acquired a significant number of our customers through digital advertising on social media. The advertisers we utilize
may terminate their agreements with us at any time or introduce factors beyond our control, such as such as adjustments to algorithms
that may decrease user engagement or negatively affect our ability to reach a broad audience; increases in pricing; and changes in policies
that may delay or prevent our advertising through these channels, all of which could impact our ability to attract new customers. 

We
have marketing initiatives designed to acquire customers through increased search engine optimization and streaming digital video services.
These new acquisition channels may not perform as well as our historical social media advertising channels. Our efforts to diversify
customer acquisition channels may not be effective, which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

18 

Customer
acquisition costs may fluctuate and rise on the channels that have been successful for us historically and on new channels that we are
introducing. Rising costs may limit our ability to expand or maintain our customer acquisition efforts which could negatively affect
our results of operations. 

Other
factors may reduce our ability to acquire, maintain, and further engage with customers, including the effectiveness of our marketing
efforts and other expenditures we make to continue to acquire new customers and maintain and increase engagement with existing customers;
system updates to advertising platforms; changes in search algorithms by search engines; the development of new search engines or social
media sites that reduce traffic on existing search engines and social media sites; and consumer behavior changes as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic or otherwise. 

Moreover,
consumer preferences may change, and customers may not purchase through our marketplace as frequently or spend as much with us as historically
has been the case. As a result of these potential changes, the revenue generated from customer transactions may not be as high as revenue
generated from transactions historically. 

We
must expend resources to maintain consumer awareness of our brand, build brand loyalty and generate interest in our products. Our marketing
strategies and channels will evolve and our efforts may or may not be successful. 

To
remain competitive and expand and keep market share for our products across our various channels, we need to increase our marketing and
advertising spending. Substantial advertising and promotional expenditures may be required to maintain or improve our brands market
position or to introduce new products to the market. An increase in our marketing and advertising efforts may not maintain our current
reputation, lead to increased brand awareness, or attract new customers. If we are unable to maintain and promote a favorable perception
of our brand and products on a cost-effective basis, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be
adversely affected. 

Use
of social media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties. 

We
use third-party social media platforms as, among other things, marketing tools. We also maintain relationships with many social media
influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new
platforms develop, we must continue to maintain a presence on these platforms and establish presences on new or emerging popular social
media platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms as marketing tools or if the social media platforms
we use change their policies or algorithms, we may not be able to fully optimize such platforms, and our ability to maintain and acquire
customers and our financial condition may suffer. 

19 

Furthermore,
as laws and regulations and public opinion rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees,
our network of social media influencers, our sponsors or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations
in the use of these platforms and devices or otherwise could subject us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability,
fines or other penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

In
addition, an increase in the use of social media for product promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden on us to monitor
compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic product or marketing claims in violation
of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the FTC has sought enforcement action where an endorsement has failed to clearly
and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer and an advertiser. 

We
do not prescribe what our influencers post, and if we were held responsible for the content of their posts or their actions, we could
be fined or forced to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Negative
commentary regarding us, our products or influencers and other third parties who are affiliated with us may be posted on social media
platforms and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Influencers with whom we maintain relationships could engage in behavior
or use their platforms to communicate directly with our customers in a manner that reflects poorly on our brand and may be attributed
to us or otherwise adversely affect us. It is not possible to prevent such behavior, and the precautions we take to detect this activity
may not be effective in all cases. Our target consumers often value readily available information and often act on such information without
further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or
correction. 

If
we fail to retain existing customers, or fail to maintain average order value levels, we may not be able to maintain our revenue base
and margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

A
significant portion of our net sales are generated from sales to existing customers. If existing customers no longer find our product
offerings appealing, or if we are unable to timely update our product offerings to meet current trends and customer demands, our existing
customers may make fewer or smaller purchases in the future. A decrease in the number of our customers who make repeat purchases or a
decrease in their spending on the merchandise we offer could negatively impact our operating results. Further, we believe that our future
success will depend in part on our ability to increase sales to our existing customers over time, and if we are unable to do so, our
business may suffer. If we fail to generate repeat purchases or maintain high levels of customer engagement and average order value,
our growth prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

20 

Traffic
to our e-commerce webpages and conversion rates may decline. 

In
order to generate online customer traffic, we depend heavily on e-mailed catalogs, outbound emails, and an affiliate program. Our sales
volume and e-commerce webpages traffic generally may be adversely affected by, among other things, a change in any of the above mentioned
dependencies as well as economic downturns, system failures, competition from other internet retailers, and non-internet retailers. A
reduction in traffic to the e-commerce webpages as a result of these or any other factors could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, e-commerce webpages sales conversion rates may decline due to,
among other things, system failures and our ability to effectively predict and respond to changing trends and consumer demands, and to
translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings in a timely manner, all of which could also have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

We
must effectively manage our vendors to minimize inventory risk and maintain our margins. 

We
seek to avoid maintaining high inventory levels in an effort to limit the risk of outdated merchandise and inventory write-downs. If
we underestimate quantities demanded by our customers and our vendors cannot restock, then we may disappoint customers who may then turn
to our competitors. We require many of our vendors to meet minimum restocking requirements, but if our vendors cannot meet these requirements
and we cannot find alternative vendors, we could be forced to carry more inventory than we have in the past. Our risk of inventory write-downs
would increase if we were to hold large inventories of merchandise that prove to be unpopular. 

We
rely on third parties for some essential business operations and services, and disruptions or failures in service or changes in terms
may adversely affect our ability to deliver goods and services to our customers. 

We
currently depend on third parties for important aspects of our business, such as printing, shipping, paper supplies, and operation of
our e-commerce webpages and customer support. We have limited control over these third parties, and we are not their only client. In
addition, we may not be able to maintain satisfactory relationships with any of these third parties on acceptable commercial terms. Further,
we cannot be certain that the quality or cost of products and services that they provide will remain at currents levels or the levels
needed to enable us to conduct our business efficiently and effectively. 

Our
business, including our costs and supply chain, is subject to risks associated with sourcing, manufacturing, warehousing, distribution,
infrastructure, and logistics to third-party providers, and the loss of any of our key suppliers or logistical service providers could
negatively impact our business. 

All
of the products we offer are supplied or manufactured by a limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers, and as a result
we may be subject to price fluctuations or supply disruptions. Our operating results would be negatively impacted by increases in the
costs of our products, and we have no guarantees that costs will not rise. In addition, as we expand into new categories and product
types, we expect that we may not have strong purchasing power in these new areas, which could lead to higher costs than we have historically
seen in our current categories. We may not be able to pass increased costs on to consumers, which could adversely affect our operating
results. Moreover, in the event of a significant disruption in the supply of the materials used in the manufacture of the products we
offer, we and the vendors that we work with might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an
acceptable price. 

21 

In
addition, products and merchandise we receive from manufacturers and suppliers may not be of sufficient quality or free from damage,
or such products may be damaged during shipping, while stored in our warehouse fulfillment centers or with third-party ecommerce or retail
customers or when returned by consumers. We may incur additional expenses and our reputation could be harmed if consumers and potential
consumers believe that our products do not meet their expectations, are not properly labelled, or are damaged. Quality control problems
could also result in regulatory action, such as FDA Warning Letters, restrictions on importation, product liability litigation, product
seizures, products of inferior quality or product stock outages or shortages, harming our sales and creating inventory write-downs for
unusable products. 

We
purchase significant amounts of product from a limited number of suppliers with limited supply capabilities. There can be no assurance
that our current suppliers will be able to accommodate our anticipated growth or continue to supply current quantities at preferential
prices. We generally do not maintain long-term supply contracts with any of our suppliers and any of our suppliers could discontinue
selling to us at any time. An inability of our existing suppliers to provide materials in a timely or cost-effective manner could impair
our growth and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We
rely or may rely on software-as-a-service SaaS technologies from third parties in order to operate critical functions
of our business, including financial management services, payment processing, customer relationship management services, website platform
services, ecommerce services, email services, supply chain services, and data storage services. If these services become unavailable
due to extended outages or interruptions or because they are no longer available on commercially reasonable terms or prices or for any
other reason, or if we fail to migrate successfully to new services, our expenses could increase, our ability to manage our finances
could be interrupted, our processes for managing sales of our offerings and supporting our consumers could be impaired, our ability to
communicate with our suppliers could be weakened and our ability to access or save data stored to the cloud may be impaired until equivalent
services, if available, are identified, obtained, and implemented, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We
utilize cloud services from third-party data center facilities operated by AWS and Cloudflare. Any damage to, failure of, or interference
with our cloud service that is hosted by us, AWS, Cloudfare, or by third-party providers we may utilize in the future, whether as a result
of our actions, actions by the third-party data centers, actions by other third parties, or acts of nature, could result in interruptions
in our cloud service and/or the loss of our or our customers data, including personal information. Impairment of, or interruptions
in, our cloud services may subject us to claims and litigation and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers. Our business
will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our services are unreliable. Additionally, any limitation of the
capacity of our data centers could impede our ability to scale, onboard new customers, or expand the usage of existing customers, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we have disaster recovery arrangements in
place, our preparations may not be adequate to account for disasters or similar events that may occur in the future and may not effectively
permit us to continue operating in the event of any problems with respect to our systems or those of our third-party data centers or
any other third-party facilities. Our disaster recovery and data redundancy measures may be inadequate, and our business interruption
insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for the losses that could occur. 

22 

If
any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations, or experiences financial distress, or if
any environmental, economic, or other outside factors impact their operations, our operations could be substantially disrupted. If we
are unable to identify or enter into distribution relationships with new suppliers or to replace the loss of any of our existing suppliers,
we may experience a competitive disadvantage, our business may be disrupted and our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects could be adversely affected. 

If
our third-party suppliers and manufacturers do not comply with ethical business practices or with applicable laws and regulations, our
reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be harmed. 

We
continually seek to expand our base of suppliers, especially as we identify new products that necessitate new or additional materials.
We also require our new and existing suppliers to meet our ethical and business partner standards. Suppliers may also have to meet governmental
and industry standards and any relevant standards required by our consumers, which may require additional investment and time on behalf
of suppliers and us. 

Our
reputation and our consumers willingness to purchase our products depend in part on our suppliers , manufacturers ,
and retail partners compliance with ethical employment practices, such as with respect to child labor, wages and benefits, forced
labor, discrimination, safe and healthy working conditions, and with all legal and regulatory requirements relating to the conduct of
their businesses. We do not exercise control over our suppliers, manufacturers, and retail partners and cannot guarantee their compliance
with ethical and lawful business practices. If our suppliers, manufacturers, or retail partners fail to comply with applicable laws,
regulations, safety codes, employment practices, human rights standards, quality standards, environmental standards, production practices,
or other obligations, norms, or ethical standards, our reputation and brand image could be harmed, and we could be exposed to litigation,
investigations, enforcement actions, monetary liability, and additional costs that would harm our reputation, business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. 

Shipping
is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or any interruptions in shipping could adversely affect
our operating results. 

We
rely on several vendors for our shipping requirements. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing or other terms with these vendors
or if they experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and our consumer experience.
Rising shipping costs and the imposition of surcharges from time to time could negatively impact our operating results. In addition,
our ability to receive inbound inventory and ship products to consumers and retailers may be negatively affected by inclement weather,
fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, labor disputes, acts of war or terrorism, trade embargoes, customs and tax requirements, and similar
factors. We are also subject to risks of damage or loss during delivery by our shipping vendors. If our products are not delivered in
a timely fashion or are damaged or lost during delivery, our consumers could become dissatisfied and cease shopping on our site or retailer,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. 

23 

We
are subject to risks related to online payment methods, including third-party payment processing-related risks. 

We
currently accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, and gift cards. As we offer new payment options
to consumers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements, fraud, and other risks. We also rely on third parties
to provide payment processing services, and for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time
and raise our operating costs and affect our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. We are also subject to payment card association
operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI-DSS, and rules governing
electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we (or a third
party processing payment card transactions on our behalf) suffer a security breach affecting payment card information, we may have to
pay onerous and significant fines, penalties and assessments arising out of the major card brands rules and regulations, contractual
indemnifications, or liability contained in merchant agreements and similar contracts, and we may lose our ability to accept payment
cards for payment for our goods and services, which could materially impact our operations and financial performance. 

Furthermore,
as our business changes, we may be subject to different rules under existing standards, which may require new assessments that involve
costs above what we currently pay for compliance. As we offer new payment options to consumers, including by way of integrating emerging
mobile and other payment methods, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements, and fraud. If we fail to comply
with the rules or requirements of any provider of a payment method we accept, if the volume of fraud in our transactions limits or terminates
our rights to use payment methods we currently accept, or if a data breach occurs relating to our payment systems, we may, among other
things, be subject to fines or higher transaction fees and may lose, or face restrictions placed upon, our ability to accept credit card
payments from consumers or facilitate other types of online payments. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment
types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. 

We
also occasionally receive orders placed with fraudulent data and we may ultimately be held liable for the unauthorized use of a cardholder s
card number in an illegal activity and be required by card issuers to pay charge-back fees. Charge-backs result not only in our loss
of fees earned with respect to the payment, but also leave us liable for the underlying money transfer amount. If our charge-back rate
becomes excessive, card associations also may require us to pay fines or refuse to process our transactions. In addition, we may be subject
to additional fraud risk if third-party service providers or our employees fraudulently use consumer information for their own gain or
facilitate the fraudulent use of such information. Overall, we may have little recourse if we process a criminally fraudulent transaction.
If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our
security measures, and significantly higher credit card-related costs, each of which could harm our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

24 

Merchandise
returns could harm our business. 

We
allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If the rate of merchandise returns increases significantly or if
merchandise return economics become less efficient, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be harmed. Further,
we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time, which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number
of product returns. From time to time our products are damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our brands. 

Our
operations are currently dependent on a single warehouse and distribution center, and the loss of, or disruption in, the warehouse and
distribution center and other factors affecting the distribution of merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business
and operations. 

Our
warehouse and fulfillment/distribution functions are currently primarily handled from a single facility. Our current fulfillment/distribution
operations are dependent on the continued use of this facility. Any significant interruption in the operation of the warehouse and fulfillment/
distribution center due to COVID-19 restrictions, natural disasters, accidents, system issues or failures, or other unforeseen causes
that materially impair our ability to access or use our facility, could delay or impair the ability to distribute merchandise and fulfill
online orders, which could cause sales to decline. 

We
also depend upon third-party carriers for shipment of a significant amount of merchandise directly to our customers. An interruption
in service by these third-party carriers for any reason could cause temporary disruptions in business, a loss of sales and profits, and
other material adverse effects. 

Our
revenues and income could decline due to general economic trends and declines in consumer spending. 

Our
revenues are largely generated by discretionary consumer spending. Consumer spending tends to decline during recessionary periods and
may also decline at other times. Accordingly, our revenues could decline during any general economic downturn. 

We
face risks related to recession, inflation, weak growth, and other economic conditions. 

Customer
demand for our products may be impacted by weak economic conditions, inflation, weak growth, recession, equity market volatility, or
other negative economic factors in the United States or other nations. For example, under these conditions, potential customers may delay
or cancel purchases of our products. Further, in the event of a recession, our manufacturing partners, suppliers, and other third-party
partners may suffer their own financial and economic challenges and as a result they may demand pricing accommodations, delay payment,
or become insolvent, which could harm our ability to meet our customer demands or otherwise could harm our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets may impact our ability to manage normal commercial
relationships with our customers, suppliers, and lenders and might cause us to not be able to access sources of liquidity, and our borrowing
costs could increase. If general macroeconomic conditions deteriorate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected. 

25 

In
addition, we are also subject to risk from inflation and increasing market prices of certain supplies and raw materials, which are incorporated
into our products or used by our suppliers to manufacture our products. These components, supplies, and commodities may from time to
time become restricted, or general market factors and conditions may affect pricing of such components, supplies and commodities, such
as inflation or supply chain constraints. 

Changes
in the economy could have a detrimental impact on our business. 

Changes
in the general economic climate could have a detrimental impact on our revenue. It is possible that recessionary pressures and other
economic factors (such as declining incomes, future potential rising interest rates, higher unemployment, and tax increases) may adversely
affect our business. Any of such events or occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

Increases
in labor costs, including wages, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Labor
is a significant portion of our cost structure and is subject to many external factors, including unemployment levels, prevailing wage
rates, minimum wage laws, potential collective bargaining arrangements, health insurance costs and other insurance costs, and changes
in employment and labor legislation or other workplace regulation. From time to time, legislative proposals are made to increase the
federal minimum wage in the United States, as well as the minimum wage in California and a number of other states and municipalities,
and to reform entitlement programs, such as health insurance and paid leave programs. As minimum wage rates increase or related laws
and regulations change, we may need to increase not only the wage rates of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to our
other hourly or salaried employees. Any increase in the cost of our labor could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations or if we fail to pay such higher wages we could suffer increased employee turnover. Increases in labor costs
could force us to increase prices, which could adversely impact our sales. If competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from
offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

26 

We
face competition in our market from various companies, most of which have greater financial, technical, and other resources than us. 

We
face significant competition from other marketing companies, and our operating results could suffer if we fail to compete effectively.
The marketing industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant change. We have competitors both in the United States
and internationally, including major marketing companies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and
other resources, such as larger staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations. These companies may obtain market acceptance
more rapidly than we can and may be more effective in selling and marketing their products and services as well. Smaller or early-stage
companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies.
Our ability to compete depends, in part, upon a number of factors outside our control, including the ability of our competitors to develop
products and services that are superior. Competition may increase further as a result of greater availability of capital for investment
in these industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring, or licensing similar products or services that we may develop.
If we fail to successfully compete in our market, or if we incur significant expenses in order to compete, it could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. 

Our
business model is evolving. 

Our
business model is unproven and is likely to continue to evolve. Accordingly, our initial business model may not be successful and may
need to be changed. Our ability to generate significant revenues will depend, in large part, on our ability to successfully market our
products to potential users who may not be convinced of the need for our products and services or who may be reluctant to rely upon third
parties to develop and provide these products. We intend to continue to develop our business model as our market continues to evolve. 

If
we fail to maintain and enhance awareness of our brand, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

We
believe that maintaining and enhancing awareness of our brand is critical to achieving widespread acceptance and success of our business.
We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in our market. Maintaining
and enhancing our brand awareness may require us to spend increasing amounts of money on, and devote greater resources to, advertising,
marketing, and other brand-building efforts and these investments may not be successful. Further, even if these efforts are successful,
they may not be cost-effective. If we are unable to continuously maintain and enhance our media presence, our market may decrease and
we may fail to attract advertisers and subscribers, which could in turn result in lost revenues and adversely affect our business and
financial results. 

An
inability to maintain and enhance product image could harm our business. 

It
is important that we maintain and enhance a positive perception of any new products. The image and reputation of our products may be
impacted for various reasons including, but not limited to, bad publicity, litigation, and complaints from regulatory bodies. Such problems,
even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and the reputation of our products. These claims may not be covered by our insurance
policies. Any resulting litigation could be costly for us, divert management attention, and could result in increased costs of doing
business, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any negative publicity
generated could damage our reputation and diminish the value of our brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. Deterioration in our brand equity (brand image, reputation, and product quality) may
have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

27 

We
could face liability for information displayed via our e-commerce webpages and our other websites. 

We
may be subjected to claims for defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, or based on other theories relating to the
information we publish on our e-commerce webpages and on any of our websites. These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully,
against similar companies in the past. Based on links we provide to third-party websites, we could also be subjected to claims based
upon online content we do not control that is accessible from our e-commerce webpages. 

The
actual or perceived failure by us or our vendors to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws, regulations, or industry
standards could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We
collect, store, share, use, retain, safeguard, transfer, analyze, and otherwise process, and our vendors process on our behalf, personal
information, confidential information and other information necessary to provide and deliver our products through our e-commerce channel
to operate our business, for legal and marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. Collection and use of this information
might raise privacy and data protection concerns, which could negatively impact our business. Data privacy and information security has
become a significant issue in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere. The legal and regulatory framework for privacy and security issues
is rapidly evolving and is expected to increase our compliance costs and exposure to liability. There are numerous federal, state, local,
and international laws, orders, codes, rules, regulations, and regulatory guidance regarding privacy, information security, and processing
(collectively, Data Protection Laws ), the number and scope of which is changing, subject to differing applications and
interpretations, and which may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or in conflict with other rules, laws, or obligations (collectively,
 Data Protection Obligations ). Therefore, the regulatory framework for privacy and data protection worldwide is, and is
likely to remain, uncertain and complex for the foreseeable future, and our actual or perceived failure to address or comply with applicable
Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. We also expect that there will continue to be new Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations, and we cannot
yet determine the impact such future Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations may have on our business. Any significant change
to Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations, including without limitation, regarding the manner in which the express or implied
consent of consumers for processing is obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our operations, possibly in a material
manner, which we may be unable to complete and may limit our ability to store and process consumer data and operate our business. 

28 

We
are or may also be subject to the terms of our external and internal privacy and security policies, codes, representations, certifications,
industry standards, publications, and frameworks (collectively, Privacy Policies and contractual obligations to third
parties related to privacy, information security and processing, including contractual obligations to indemnify and hold harmless third
parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with Data Protection Laws or Data Protection Obligations. 

We
may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, partners, or vendors do not comply with applicable Data Protection Laws,
Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations. If we or our vendors fail (or are perceived to have failed) to comply with applicable
Data Protection Laws, Privacy Policies, and Data Protection Obligations, or if our Privacy Policies are, in whole or part, found to be
inaccurate, incomplete, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices, our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. 

In
the United States, our obligations include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the Federal Trade Commission (the
 FTC ), the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act
(the CCPA and other state and federal laws relating to privacy and data security. The CCPA, which took effect on January
1, 2020, requires companies that process information of California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection,
use and sharing practices, allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information with third parties, and prohibits covered
businesses from discriminating against California residents (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any of their rights
under the CCPA. The law also provides a private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches that result in the loss
of personal information. This private right of action is expected to increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach
litigation. However, it remains unclear how various provisions of the CCPA will be interpreted and enforced. Therefore, the CCPA may
increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 

In
addition, California voters recently approved the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the CPRA that went into effect
on January 1, 2023. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, and imposes additional data protection obligations on companies doing business
in California, resulting in further complexity. The law, among other things, gives California residents the ability to limit the use
of their sensitive information, provides for penalties for CPRA violations concerning California residents under the age of 16, and establishes
a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the law. The effects of this legislation are far-reaching and may
impact our business. Some observers have noted that the CCPA could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation
in the United States, which could increase our potential liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and prospects. 

Other
jurisdictions in the United States have already passed or are considering laws similar to the CCPA and CPRA, with potentially greater
penalties and more rigorous compliance requirements relevant to our business. Many state legislatures have already adopted legislation
that regulates how businesses operate online, including measures relating to privacy, data security, data breaches, and the protection
of sensitive and personal information. For example, on March 2, 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (the
 CDPA ), a comprehensive privacy statute that shares similarities with the CCPA, CPRA, and legislation proposed in other
states. The CDPA required us to incur additional costs and expenses to comply with it before it became effective on January 1, 2023.
June 2021, Colorado also enacted a similar law, the Colorado Privacy Act (the CPA ), which becomes effective on July 1,
2023. Many other states are currently considering proposed comprehensive data privacy legislation and all 50 states have passed at least
some form of data privacy legislation (for example, all 50 states have enacted laws requiring disclosure of certain personal data breaches). 

29 

At
the federal level, the United States Congress is also considering various proposals for comprehensive federal data privacy legislation
and, while no comprehensive federal data privacy law currently exists, we are subject to applicable existing federal laws and regulations,
such as the rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of the FTC, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices,
including with respect to data privacy and security. These state statutes, and other similar state or federal laws, may require us to
modify our data processing practices and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. 

We
rely on a variety of marketing techniques and practices, including email and social media marketing, online targeted advertising, cookie-based
processing, and postal mail to sell our products and services and to attract new consumers, and we and our vendors, are subject to various
current and future Data Protection Laws and Data Protection Obligations that govern marketing and advertising practices. Governmental
authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of third-party cookies and other methods
of online tracking for behavioral advertising and other purposes, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required
before a company can employ cookies or other electronic tracking tools or the use of data gathered with such tools. Additionally, some
providers of consumer devices, web browsers and application stores have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make it
easier for Internet users to prevent the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, require additional consents, or
limit the ability to track user activity, which could if widely adopted result in the use of third-party cookies and other methods of
online tracking becoming significantly less effective. Laws and regulations regarding the use of these cookies and other current online
tracking and advertising practices or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase
our costs of operations and limit our ability to acquire new consumers on cost-effective terms, which, in turn, could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Government
regulation of the internet and ecommerce is evolving and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and ecommerce,
including consumer protection regulations that regulate retailers and govern the promotion and sale of merchandise. Existing and future
regulations and laws could impede the growth of the Internet, ecommerce, or mobile commerce, which could in turn adversely affect our
growth. These regulations and laws may involve taxes, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts
and communications, consumer protection, sales practices, subscription programs, and internet neutrality. It is not clear how existing
laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes and consumer privacy apply to the Internet as the vast majority
of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the internet
or ecommerce. It is possible that general business regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the internet or ecommerce, may
be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our
practices. We cannot be sure that our practices have complied, comply, or will comply fully with all such laws and regulations. Any failure,
or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business,
and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, customers, suppliers ,or others. Any such proceeding or action could
hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant amounts in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs
of doing business, decrease the use of our website and mobile applications by customers and suppliers, and may result in the imposition
of monetary liabilities and burdensome injunctions that could, for example, require changes to our business practices. We may also be
contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of noncompliance with any such laws
or regulations. As a result, adverse developments with respect to these laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

30 

(See
also Government Regulations for additional risks.) 

Advertising
inaccuracies or product mislabeling may have an adverse effect on our business by exposing us to lawsuits, product recalls or regulatory
enforcement actions, increasing our operating costs and reducing demand for our product offerings. 

Many
products that we sell are labeled and advertised with claims as to their origin, ingredients, or health, wellness, environmental or other
benefits, including, by way of example, the use of the term natural or organic or similar synonyms or implied
statements relating to such benefits. The FTC s Guides For The Use Of Environmental Marketing Claims (the Green Guides provide guidance on how to use environmental marketing claims, provide specific guidance for certain terms (e.g., recyclable ),
and recommend against using unqualified statements about environmental benefits such as eco-friendly. Although the FDA
and the USDA each have issued statements regarding the appropriate use of the word natural, there is no single, U.S. government
regulated definition of the term natural for use in the consumer and personal care industry. 

Consumer
class actions, actions from industry groups such as the National Advertising Division of the Better Business Bureau, and public enforcement
actions have been brought against numerous companies that market natural, sustainable, or other ecologically
conscious products or ingredients, asserting false, misleading, and deceptive advertising and labeling claims. 

These
suits often identify ingredients or components of a product for which certain marketing claims may not be fully accurate, and claim that
their presence in the product renders the statements false and deceptive. For example, some actions concerning natural 
claims have focused on the presence of genetically modified and/or synthetic ingredients or components in products, including synthetic
forms of otherwise natural ingredients. 

31 

(See
 Government Regulations. 

Many
of our products are subject to regulatory enforcement. 

- 
 The
 FDA regulates product labels and other product claims for the consumer products subject to its jurisdiction and has the authority
 to challenge product labels and claims that it believes are non-compliant or false or misleading, through the use of a variety of
 enforcement tools (e.g., Warning Letters, untitled letters, and seizure actions). In limited circumstances, the FDA has taken regulatory
 action against products labeled natural but that nonetheless contain synthetic ingredients or components. 

- 
 The
 FTC has the authority to challenge claims made in product advertising and requires that such claims are adequately substantiated
 prior to use. The FTC similarly has enforcement tools that it uses to challenge advertising claims that it deems non-compliant with
 the law. 

- 
 The
 USDA enforces federal standards for organic production and use of the term organic on product labeling. These laws
 prohibit a company from selling or labeling products as organic unless they are produced and handled in accordance with the applicable
 federal law. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to liability or regulatory enforcement. Consumers may also
 pursue state law claims challenging use of the organic label as being intentionally mislabeled or misleading or deceptive to consumers. 

State
and local regulators also have the authority to prosecute false advertising cases, including relating to environmental marketing claims.
Current and potential competitors may make similar claims, which may result in action and inquiries to us from state and federal regulators
and governments. 

Should
we become subject to actions regarding our branding or product marketing, consumers may avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives,
even if the basis for the claim is unfounded. Moreover, any regulatory or government enforcement actions may trigger class action lawsuits
under state consumer protection laws. 

Adverse
publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of defending against any such claims could
be significant and we may incur substantial costs remediating product claims in labeling and advertising if we are unsuccessful in defending
such actions. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling, advertising or ingredient claims would
be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation
and brand and decrease our sales, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects. 

32 

False
or misleading marketing claims concerning a product s registration or its efficacy may also create the risk for challenges under
federal or state law. 

(See
 Government Regulations. 

The
2018 Farm Bill passed in December 2018, along with undeveloped shared state-federal regulations over hemp cultivation and production,
may impact our business. 

The
2018 Farm Bill was signed into law on December 20, 2018. Pursuant to the terms of the 2018 Farm Bill, state agriculture departments must
consult with each state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan that must be submitted to the Secretary of
the USDA. A state s plan to license and regulate hemp can only commence once the Secretary of the USDA approves the state s
plan. In states opting not to devise a hemp regulatory program, the USDA will need to construct a regulatory program under which hemp
cultivators in those states must apply for licenses and comply with a federally-run program. The details and scopes of each state s
plans are not known as of the date of this Annual Report and may contain varying regulations that may impact our business. Even if a
state creates a plan in conjunction with its governor and chief law enforcement officer, the Secretary of the USDA must approve it. There
can be no guarantee that any state plan will be approved. Review times may be extensive. There may be amendments and the ultimate plans,
if approved by states and the USDA, may materially limit our business depending upon the scope of the regulations. 

The
possible FDA regulation of hemp and industrial hemp-derived products, and the possible registration of facilities where hemp is grown
and hemp-derived products are produced, if implemented, could negatively affect the cannabis industry generally, which could directly
affect our financial condition. 

The
2018 Farm Bill established that hemp containing less than 0.3 THC was no longer under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ).
Previously, the FDA had not approved cannabis, industrial hemp, or CBD derived from cannabis or industrial hemp as a safe and effective
drug for any indication. The FDA considered hemp and hemp-derived CBD as illegal Schedule I drugs. As of the date of this Annual Report,
we have not, and do not intend to file an investigational new drug IND application with the FDA, concerning any products
that may contain cannabis, industrial hemp, or CBD derived from industrial hemp. Further, the FDA concluded that products containing
hemp or CBD derived from hemp are excluded from the dietary supplement definition of the FDCA. However, as a result of the passage of
the 2018 Farm Bill, at some indeterminate future time, the FDA may choose to change its position concerning products containing hemp,
or CBD derived from hemp, and may choose to enact regulations that are applicable to such products, including, but not limited to, the
growth, cultivation, harvesting, and processing of hemp; regulations covering the physical facilities where hemp is grown; and possible
testing to determine efficacy and safety of hemp-derived CBD. In such event, some of the CBD brands and products that we represent could
be subject to regulation. However, we do not know what impact would be on the hemp industry in general, and what costs, requirements,
and possible prohibitions may be enforced in the future. If we are unable to comply with the conditions and possible costs of such regulations
and/or registrations, we may be unable to continue to operate our CBD business. 

33 

The
FDA limits companies ability to discuss the medical benefits of hemp-derived products. Under FDA rules, it is illegal for companies
to make health claims or any claim that a product has a specific medical benefit without first getting FDA approval for
such claim . 

The
FDA has not recognized any medical benefits resulting from the consumption of hemp-derived products, which means that no companies are
legally permitted to advertise any health claims related to hemp-derived products. Because of the perception among many consumers that
hemp-derived CBD is a health/medicinal product, our inability to make health claims about the hemp-derived materials in our products
may limit our ability to market and sell the products to consumers, which would negatively impact our revenues and profits. 

Laws
and regulations affecting our industry to be developed under the 2018 Farm Bill are in development. 

As
a result of the 2018 Farm Bill s recent passage, there will be constant evolution of laws and regulations affecting the hemp industry
which could detrimentally affect our operations. Local, state, and federal hemp laws and regulations may be broad in scope and subject
to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately
require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations of these laws, or alleged violations, could disrupt our business and result
in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations,
or applications, and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. 

U.S.
federal and foreign regulation and enforcement may adversely affect the implementation of cannabis laws and regulations and may negatively
impact our revenue, or we may be found to be violating the CSA or other federal, state, or foreign laws. Even though we do not cultivate,
process, market, or distribute cannabis or any products that contain cannabis, some of our customers and service providers do engage
in such activities. Cannabis, though not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, is a Schedule I controlled substance and is illegal
under federal law. Even in those states where the use of cannabis has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal law. A Schedule
I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no currently accepted medical use in the United Stated, a lack of safety for
use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. The Department of Justice defines Schedule I controlled substances as
 the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical dependence. 

At
present, numerous states and the District of Columbia allow their citizens to use medical cannabis. Additionally, many states have approved
legalization of cannabis for adult recreational use. The laws of these states relative to cannabis are in conflict with the CSA, which
makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. If the federal government decides to enforce the CSA with respect to cannabis,
persons that are charged with distributing, possessing with intent to distribute, or growing cannabis could be subject to fines and imprisonment.
Any such change in the federal government s enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us. 

34 

Cannabis
and cannabis products remain illegal under federal law. 

Cannabis
and CBD containing in excess of 0.3 THC are Schedule I controlled substances and are illegal under federal law, specifically the CSA.
Even in those states in which the use of marijuana has been legalized, its use remains a violation of federal law. CBD and cannabinoids
derived from industrial hemp are not distinguishable. Although our hemp-derived products contain less than 0.3 THC, if there were mistakes
in processing or mislabeling and THC in excess of 0.3 were found in our products, we could be subject to enforcement and prosecution,
which would have a negative impact on our business and operation. 

We
are subject to a number of other laws and regulations, which could impact our business. 

We
are subject to a broad range of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations intended to protect public and worker health
and safety, natural resources, the environment, and consumers. Our operations are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration OSHA ), the FDA, the CPSC, the USDA, the FTC, and by various other federal, state, local and foreign
authorities regarding the manufacture, processing, packaging, storage, sale, order fulfillment, advertising, labeling, import and export
of our products. In addition, we and our manufacturing partners are subject to additional regulatory requirements, including state, local
and foreign environmental, health and safety legislative and regulatory authorities and the National Labor Relations Board, covering
such areas as discharges and emissions to air and water, the use, management, disposal and remediation of, and human exposure to, hazardous
materials and wastes, and public and worker health and safety, and Current Good Manufacturing Practice requirements GMPs enforced by the FDA. 

In
addition, as the provider of products with a subscription-based element, a variety of laws and regulations govern the ability of users
to cancel subscriptions and auto-payment renewals. California s automatic renewal law in particular has been the basis for both
consumer class actions and government enforcement. 

Violations
of or liability under any of these laws and regulations may result in administrative, civil, or criminal fines, penalties, or sanctions
against us, revocation or modification of applicable permits, licenses, or authorizations, environmental, health and safety investigations
or remedial activities, voluntary or involuntary product recalls, warning or untitled letters or cease and desist orders against operations
that are not in compliance, among other things. Such laws and regulations generally have become more stringent over time and may become
more so in the future, and we may incur (directly or indirectly through our manufacturing partners) material costs to comply with current
or future laws and regulations or in any required product recalls. 

Liabilities
under, and/or costs of compliance, and the impacts on us of any non-compliance, with or investigations under any such laws and regulations
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

35 

Failure
by our network of retail and ecommerce partners, suppliers, or manufacturers to comply with product safety, environmental, or other laws
and regulations, or with the specifications and requirements of our products, may disrupt our supply of products and adversely affect
our business. 

If
our network of retail and ecommerce partners, suppliers, or manufacturers fail to comply with environmental, health and safety, or other
laws and regulations, or face allegations of non-compliance, their operations may be disrupted and our reputation could be harmed. Additionally,
our retail and ecommerce partners, suppliers, and manufacturers are required to maintain the quality of our products and to comply with
our standards and specifications. In the event of actual or alleged non-compliance, we might be forced to find alternative retail or
ecommerce partners, suppliers, or manufacturers and we may be subject to lawsuits and/or regulatory enforcement actions related to such
non-compliance by the suppliers and manufacturers. As a result, our supply of products could be disrupted or our costs could increase,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The failure of any partner or manufacturer
to produce products that conform to our standards could adversely affect our reputation in the marketplace and result in product recalls,
product liability claims, government, or third-party actions, or economic loss. For example, a manufacturer s failure to meet GMPs
could result in the delivery of a product that is subject to a product recall, product liability litigation, or government investigations
and enforcement. Additionally, actions we may take to mitigate the impact of any disruption or potential disruption in our supply of
materials or finished inventory, including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential supply or production interruption, could
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Our
future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our products and services and to compete effectively will depend, in part,
on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. 

If
our operations expand as planned, we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic partners, suppliers, and other
third parties. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our products and services and to compete effectively
will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to manage our development
efforts effectively and hire, train, and integrate additional management, administrative and sales and marketing personnel. Our projected
growth will place a significant strain on our administrative, operational, and financial resources. If we are unable to successfully
manage our future growth, establish and continue to upgrade our operating and financial control systems, recruit and hire necessary personnel,
or effectively manage unexpected expansion difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

Our
operating plan relies in large part upon our assumptions and analyses. If these assumptions or analyses prove to be incorrect, our actual
operating results may be materially different from our forecasted results. 

Whether
actual operating results and business developments will be consistent with our expectations and assumptions as reflected in our operating
plan depends on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control, including, but not limited to: 

whether
 we can obtain sufficient capital to sustain and grow our business; 

our
 ability to manage our growth; 

36 

results
 of our research and development activity; 

demand
 for our current and proposed products; 

competition; 

our
 ability to retain existing key management and consultants, to integrate recent hires, and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified
 personnel; and 

the
 overall strength and stability of domestic and international economies. 

Unfavorable
changes in any of these or other factors, most of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. 

Acts
of war or terrorism may seriously harm our business. 

Acts
of war, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities between the United States and any foreign power, or acts of terrorism may cause disruption
to the U.S. economy or the local economies of the markets in which we operate, cause shortages of materials, increase costs associated
with obtaining materials, affect job growth and consumer confidence, or cause economic changes that we cannot anticipate, all of which
could reduce demand for our products and services and adversely impact our business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR ORGANIZATION AND STRUCTURE 

We
have authorized and designated Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, which have voting rights of 60 of our common stock at all times. 

We
have 500,000 shares of our Class A Preferred Convertible Stock authorized and outstanding. The Class A Preferred Convertible Stock have
60 super majority voting rights over our common stock. At this time, all shares of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock are issued
to our CEO, Jaspreet Mathur. Therefore, at all times, our CEO will have voting control over all decisions requiring majority vote or
consent. 

Jaspreet
Mathur, our Chief Executive Officer, owns greater than 50 of our voting securities which will cause us to be deemed a controlled
company under the rules of NYSE American. 

As
a result of his ownership of all issued and outstanding shares of our Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, as well as ownership of our
Common Stock, Mr. Mathur, our Chief Executive Officer currently holds approximately 87 of our voting securities (and will continue to
own at least 60 of our voting stock at all times, including after our offering), and as such, we are a controlled company 
under the NYSE American Listing Rules. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual,
a group, or another company is a controlled company and, as such, may elect to be exempt from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

37 

Accordingly,
should the interests of Mr. Mathur differ from those of other shareholders, the other shareholders may not have the same protections
afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE American corporate governance standards. Even if we do not
avail ourselves of these exemptions, our status as a controlled company could make our common stock less attractive to some investors
or otherwise harm our stock price. 

Because
insiders control our activities, that may cause us to act us in a manner that is most beneficial to them and not to outside shareholder
which could cause us not to take actions that outside shareholders might view favorably. 

Our
officers, directors, and holders of 5 or more of our issued and outstanding common stock beneficially own approximately 78.2 of our
issued and outstanding common stock and our CEO owns all of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock. As a result, insiders and particularly
our CEO effectively control all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval of significant
corporate transactions, such as mergers and related party transaction. These insiders also have the ability to delay or perhaps even
block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying,
deterring or preventing a change in control that you might view favorably. 

We
are dependent upon our management, founders, key personnel, and consultants to execute our business plan, and many of them have concurrent
responsibilities at other companies. 

Our
success is heavily dependent upon the continued active participation of our current executive officers as well as other key personnel
and consultants. Many of them have concurrent responsibilities at other entities . Some of the advisors and consultants, and others
to whom our ultimate success may be reliant have not signed contracts with us and may not ever do so. Loss of the services of one or
more of these individuals could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further,
our success and achievement of our growth plans depend on our ability to recruit, hire, train, and retain other highly qualified personnel.
Competition for qualified employees and consultants among companies in the applicable industries is intense, and the loss of any of such
persons, or an inability to attract, retain, and motivate any additional highly skilled employees and consultants required for the initiation
and expansion of our activities, could have a materially adverse effect on it. 

We
do not have any key person life insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. 

We
are dependent upon our officers and key employees to conduct our operations and execute our business plan. However, we have not purchased
any life insurance policies for any individuals in the event of their death or disability. Therefore, should any of those officers and
key employees die or become disabled, we will not receive any compensation that would assist with such person s absence. The loss
of such person could negatively affect us and our operations. 

38 

There
are limitations on the liability of our directors. 

Delaware
General Corporation Laws exclude personal liability of our directors and our shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty except in certain specified circumstances. Accordingly, we will have a much more limited right of action against our directors than
otherwise would be the case. This provision does not affect the liability of any director under federal or applicable state securities
laws. Our charter documents also provide for the indemnification of directors to the fullest extent permitted by law and, to the extent
permitted by such law, eliminate or limit the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for certain breaches of fiduciary
duty. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Act may be permitted to directors, officers, or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

We
have agreed to indemnification of officers and directors as is allowed by Delaware General Corporation Law. 

Delaware
General Corporation Law provides for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances,
against attorney s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association
with us or activities our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or
agents, upon such person s promise to repay us therefore if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been
entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us that we will be unable to recoup. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR SECURITIES 

We
can issue future series of shares of preferred stock without shareholder approval which could adversely affect the rights of common shareholders. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, permits our board of directors to establish the rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions,
including voting rights, of future series of preferred stock and to issue such stock without approval from our shareholders. The rights
of holders of common stock may suffer as a result of the rights granted to holders of preferred stock that may be issued in the future.
In addition, we could issue preferred stock to prevent a change in control, depriving common shareholders of an opportunity to sell their
stock at a price in excess of the prevailing market price. 

If
we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses relate to the fact that
we do not maintain a comprehensive policies and procedures manual designed to establish internal controls over financial reporting to
reduce the risk of publishing materially misstated financial statements, as well as define responsibilities and segregate incompatible
duties to reduce the risk of unauthorized transactions. 

39 

As
a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal controls. A material weakness is defined in the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) as a deficiency, or an acquisition of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. The process of designing, implementing and testing the internal control over financial reporting required to comply with this
obligation is time consuming, costly, and complex. If we fail to increase and maintain the number and expertise of our staff for our
accounting and finance functions and to improve and maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to meet the demands upon
us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately
and prevent fraud. In addition, we cannot be certain that any such steps we undertake will successfully remediate any material weaknesses
or that other material weaknesses and control deficiencies will not be discovered in the future. If our remediation efforts are not successful
or other material weaknesses or control deficiencies occur in the future, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately
or on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor
confidence or delisting and cause our stock price to decline. As a result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations
by any over-the-counter market where our stock may trade, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation
from investors and shareholders, any of which could harm our reputation and financial condition, and divert financial and management
resources. Even if we are able to report our consolidated financial statements accurately and timely, if we do not make all the necessary
improvements to address the material weaknesses, continued disclosure of our material weaknesses will be required in future filings with
the SEC, which could reduce investor confidence in our reported results and our cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

Our
common stock may be subject to rapid and substantial price volatility. Contributing to this risk of volatility are a number of factors.
First, our shares of common stock are likely to be more sporadically and thinly traded than that of larger, more established companies.
As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trade of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately
influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price of our common stock could, for example, decline precipitously in the
event that a large number of our shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand as compared to a seasoned issuer that could
better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its stock price. Second, we are a speculative investment due to our limited operating
history, not being profitable, and engaging in a new business strategy with no guarantee of its success. As a consequence of this enhanced
risk, shareholders, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more
inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a larger,
more established company that has a relatively large public float. 

40 

In
addition, the market price of our common stock is also subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors: 

quarterly
 variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

disruption
 to our operations or those of other sources critical to our operations; 

the
 emergence of new competitors or new products; 

our
 ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

seasonal
 or other variations in our subscriber base; 

commencement
 of, or our involvement in, litigation; 

dilutive
 issuances of our stock or the stock of our subsidiaries, or the incurrence of additional debt; 

changes
 in our board or management; 

adoption
 of new or different accounting standards; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; and 

general
 economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. 

Many
of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common stock. Such volatility, including any stock run-ups,
may be unrelated or disproportionate to our actual or expected operating performance and financial condition or prospects, making it
difficult for prospective investors to assess the rapidly changing value of our common stock. 

Furthermore,
the stock market in general, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political and market
conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our
actual operating performance. 

Further,
in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities, securities
class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against us, could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. Any adverse determination in any such
litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 

41 

There
has been a limited public market for our common stock and there is no assurance that a more active, liquid and orderly trading market
will develop for our common stock or what the market price of our common stock will be. 

There
is and has been a limited public market for shares of our common stock on the OTCQB. Until our common stock is listed on a national market
or a broader exchange, we anticipate that it will remain quoted on the OTCQB. In this venue, investors may find it difficult to obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC regulations,
various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and
accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may
further affect liquidity. This could also make it more difficult to raise additional capital. 

Our
stock is thinly traded. 

The
shares of our common stock are thinly-traded. We are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stockbrokers, institutional
shareholders and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention
of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company such as ours or purchase
or recommend the purchase of any of our securities until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our securities is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer
which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on securities
prices. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our securities will develop or be sustained,
or that any trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give shareholders no assurance that they will be able to
sell their shares at or near ask prices or at all if they need money or otherwise desire to liquidate their securities. 

Our
securities are considered a penny stock, and therefore are subject to the penny stock rules, as such, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged
from effecting transactions in our securities. 

Our
securities are subject to the penny stock rules under the Exchange Act. The SEC rules define a penny stock, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers that derive more than 5 of
their customer transaction revenues from transactions in penny stocks to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides
information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market to any non-institutional customer to whom
the broker-dealer recommends a penny stock transaction. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with the current bid and offer
quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the
market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations and the broker-dealer and salesperson
compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing before completing the transaction and must be given to the
customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before a transaction,
the broker and/or dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The transaction costs associated with penny stocks are high, reducing
the number of broker-dealers who may be willing to engage in the trading of our securities. These additional penny stock disclosure requirements
are burdensome and may reduce all the trading activity in the market for our securities. As long as our securities are subject to the
penny stock rules, holders of our securities may find it more difficult to sell their securities and cause a decline in the market value
of our stock. 

42 

Our
shareholders may suffer future dilution due to issuances of shares for our convertible securities and various considerations in the future. 

We
currently have outstanding notes with the aggregate original principal amount of 12,175,000 with a 6 per annum interest rate, a maturity
date of one year from issuance, and an automatic conversion upon the effectiveness of registration of such notes on a registration statement
filed with the SEC. Upon conversion of the notes and the potential issuance of 49,065,120 shares of common stock, there will be substantial
dilution of the current shareholders. There may also be substantial dilution to our shareholders as a result of future decisions of the
board of directors to issue shares without shareholder approval for cash, services, or acquisitions. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our securities and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently
intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. The determination to pay dividends
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements,
restrictions contained in any financing instruments, and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant in its discretion. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
executive offices are located in Beverly Hills, California. We do not own any real property, but lease an office space consisting of
approximately 1900 square feet for all of our corporate and subsidiary locations. We believe that substantially all of our property and
equipment is in good condition, subject to normal wear and tear, and that our facilities have sufficient capacity to meet the current
needs of our business. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition, liquidity, or results of operation. However, we may from time to time after the date of this filing become subject
to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. One or more unfavorable outcomes in any claim or litigation against
us could have a material adverse effect for the period in which such claim or litigation is resolved. In addition, regardless of their
merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and may materially adversely affect
our reputation, even if resolved in our favor. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

43 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is currently trading on the OTCQB under the symbol VYBE. The following table sets forth (reflecting the Reverse
Stock Split), for each of the quarterly periods indicated, the range of high and low sales prices for our common stock for each quarter
in 2020, 2021, and 2022. 

Fiscal 2022 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter - ended March 31, 2022 
 16.80 
 16.80 
 
 Second Quarter - ended June 30, 2022 
 10.50 
 16.50 
 
 Third Quarter - ended September 30, 2022 
 11.70 
 11.70 
 
 Fourth Quarter - ended December 31, 2022 
 3.90 
 11.40 

Fiscal 2021 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter - ended March 31, 2021 
 16.80 
 51.00 
 
 Second Quarter - ended June 30, 2021 
 16.80 
 60.00 
 
 Third Quarter - ended September 30, 2021 
 16.80 
 60.00 
 
 Fourth Quarter - ended December 31, 2021 
 16.80 
 36.00 

Fiscal 2020 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First Quarter - ended March 31, 2020 
 9.00 
 30.00 
 
 Second Quarter - ended June 30, 2020 
 12.00 
 27.00 
 
 Third Quarter - ended September 30, 2020 
 7.50 
 15.30 
 
 Fourth Quarter - ended December 31, 2020 
 15.30 
 15.30 

Over-the-counter
 market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent
 actual transactions. 

Holders 

As
of the date of this Annual Report , there are approximately 73 record holders of 3,930,333 shares of our common stock and 500,000 shares
of Class A Preferred Stock. 

Our
transfer agent is Mountain Share Transfer, Inc., 2030 Powers Ferry Rd. SE, Suite # 212, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Their telephone number
is (404) 474-3110. 

Dividends 

As
of the filing of this Annual Report, we have not paid any dividends to shareholders. There are no restrictions which would limit our
current ability to pay dividends on common stock or that are likely to do so in the future. The Delaware General Corporation Law, however,
does prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend, we would not be able to pay
our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities
plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the
dividend. 

44 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

In
2020, we adopted our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. A total of 2,222 shares of common stock are reserved for the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Effective
August 9, 2022, we adopted our 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the 2022 Stock Option Plan ). Under the
2022 Stock Option Plan, the Board of Directors may grant options to purchase common stock to officers, employees, and other persons who
provide services to us. A total of 833,333 shares of common stock is reserved for the 2022 Stock Option Plan. As of the date of this
Annual Report, there have been no options granted under the 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

Effective
August 9, 2022, we adopted our 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan ). Under the 2022 Restricted Stock
Plan, the Board of Directors may grant restricted stock to officers, directors, and key employees. A total of 833,333 shares of common
stock is reserved for the 2022 Stock Option Plan. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been no shares of common stock granted
under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

Recent
Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

We
had no sales of unregistered securities in 2022 that have not been previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K or Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

On
December 19, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation effecting a 1-for-30 reverse
stock split (the Reverse Stock Split ). 

As
a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the total number of shares of common stock held by each shareholder was converted automatically
into the number of whole shares of common stock equal to (i) the number of shares of common stock held by such shareholder immediately
prior to the Reverse Split, divided by (ii) 30, and then rounded up to the nearest whole number. No fractional shares were issued, and
no cash or other consideration was paid to any shareholder. Instead, we issued one whole share of the post-Reverse Stock Split common
stock to any shareholder who otherwise would have received a fractional share as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. 

Except
for our historical financial statements and unless otherwise stated, all option, share, and per share information gives effect to the
Reverse Stock Split. 

45 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking
Statements and Associated Risks. 

This
Annual Report contains certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. For this purpose, any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to
be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words such as may, expect, believe, 
 anticipate, estimate, or continue, or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending
on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions generally
and in the industries in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from much larger competitors;
technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships. (See Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking
Statements. 

INTRODUCTION 

As
previously reported on a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022, Bio Lab Naturals, Inc. Bio Lab ),
entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with Limitless X, Inc., a Nevada corporation LimitlessX ),
and its 11 shareholders (the LimitlessX Acquisition on May 11, 2022 (the Merger ). The parties completed
and closed the LimitlessX Acquisition on May 20, 2022 by issuing an aggregate of 3,233,334 shares of common stock of Bio Lab to the LimitlessX
shareholders (the Acquisition Closing ). According to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement, Bio Lab then issued an
additional 300,000 shares of common stock to the LimitlessX shareholders pro rata to their interests in approximately six months from
the Acquisition Closing as part of the Limitless Acquisition. Concurrently with the LimitlessX Acquisition, Jaspreet Mathur, the founder
and principal shareholder of LimitlessX, also purchased from Helion Holdings LLC, 500,000 shares of Bio Lab s Class A Preferred
Convertible Stock, which at all times have a number of votes equal to 60 of all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock
of Bio Lab. 

For
accounting purposes, the Merger was accounted for as a reverse merger with LimitlessX as the accounting acquiror (legal
acquiree) and Bio Lab as the accounting acquiree (legal acquiror). and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization
of Bio Lab. Since LimitlessX was deemed to be the accounting acquiror in the Merger, the historical financial information for periods
prior to the Merger reflect the financial information and activities solely of LimitlessX and not of Bio Lab. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in this transaction. 

On
June 10, 2022, Bio Lab changed its name to Limitless X Holdings, Inc. we, us, or our ). 

46 

RESULTS
OF OPERATION 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Period from September 27, 2021 (Date of Formation of LimitlessX) through December 31,
2021 

For the period from 

September 27, 2021 

For the 
 (Date of formation) 

year ended 
 through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Changes 

Amount 
 of Sales 
 Amount 
 of Sales 
 Amount 

Revenue 

Product sales 
 40,364,955 
 69 
 302,371 
 100 
 40,062,584 
 13249 
 
 Service revenue 
 18,308,341 
 31 
 - 
 0 
 18,308,341 
 N/A 
 
 Rentals 
 15,000 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 15,000 
 N/A 
 
 Total revenue 
 58,688,296 
 100 
 302,371 
 100 
 58,385,925 
 19309 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales 
 6,942,680 
 12 
 3,258 
 1 
 6,939,422 
 212996 
 
 Cost of sales - other 
 358 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 358 
 N/A 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 6,943,038 
 12 
 3,258 
 1 
 6,939,780 
 213007 

Gross profit 
 51,745,258 
 88 
 299,113 
 99 
 51,446,145 
 17200 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 1,938,640 
 3 
 12,054 
 4 
 1,926,586 
 15983 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 47,164,700 
 80 
 194,679 
 64 
 46,970,021 
 24127 
 
 Stock compensation for services 
 1,117,782 
 2 
 - 
 0 
 1,117,782 
 N/A 
 
 Transaction fees 
 3,201,599 
 5 
 1,416 
 0 
 3,200,183 
 226002 
 
 Merchant fees 
 2,459,670 
 4 
 20,092 
 7 
 2,439,578 
 12142 
 
 Royalty fees 
 1,114,403 
 2 
 - 
 0 
 1,114,403 
 N/A 
 
 Professional fees 
 1,647,787 
 3 
 14,000 
 5 
 1,633,787 
 11670 
 
 Payroll and payroll taxes 
 1,306,565 
 2 
 17,794 
 6 
 1,288,771 
 7243 
 
 Rent 
 205,497 
 0 
 11,508 
 4 
 193,989 
 1686 
 
 Dad debt expense 
 1,300,855 
 2 
 - 
 0 
 1,300,855 
 N/A 
 
 Consulting fees, related party 
 43,500 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 43,500 
 N/A 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 61,500,998 
 105 
 271,543 
 90 
 61,229,455 
 22549 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (9,755,740 
 -17 
 27,570 
 9 
 (9,783,310 
 -35485 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 (348,017 
 -1 
 - 
 0 
 (348,017 
 N/A 
 
 Other income 
 57,756 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 57,756 
 N/A 
 
 Gain on disposal of assets 
 28,397 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 28,397 
 N/A 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 (261,864 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 (261,864 
 N/A 

Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (10,017,604 
 -17 
 27,570 
 9 
 (10,045,174 
 -36435 

Income tax provision 
 6,402 
 0 
 22,906 
 8 
 (16,504 
 -72 

Net income (loss) 
 (10,024,006 
 -17 
 4,664 
 2 
 (10,028,670 
 -215023 

47 

Product
Sales - Our product sales increased by 13,249 to 40.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 302,371 for
the period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Sales increase was primarily due to us being in operation for 12 months
in 2022 compared to one month in 2021. In 2022, there was a shift in our marketing strategies, including strategic advertisement placements
with celebrities and more effective product placement. 

Service
Revenue - Our service revenue increased by 18.3 million to 18.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0
for the period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Our service revenue increase was primarily due to us being in operation
for 12 months in 2022 compared to one month in 2021. In 2022, we began our digital marketing services. 

Cost
of Sales - Our cost of sales increased from 3,258, 1 of sales, to 76.9 million, 12 of sales. This increase was primarily due
to us being in operations for 12 months in 2022 compared to one month in 2021. As operations increased during the period, so did our
costs for freight, inventory, and other supplies. 

Gross
Profit - Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 51.7 million compared to 299,113 for the period from September 27,
2021 through December 31, 2021, 2022. The increase in gross profit of 51.4 million was primarily due to us being in operations for 12
months in 2022 compared to one month in 2021 . 

Operating
Expenses - During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 61.5 million in operating expenses compared to 271,543 for the
period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021. The increase of 61.2 million was due to us being in operations for 12 months
compared to one month in 2021. The increase of our operating expenses were primarily due to advertising and marketing, transaction fees,
merchant fees, royalty fees, and bad debt expense. 

Our
 advertising and marketing expense increased by 47.0 million due to a shift in marketing
 strategies to heavily push our related products by using performance marketers and celebrity
 endorsements. 42.7 million of our advertising and marketing expenses are commission fees
 to performance marketers. 
 
 The
 increase in transaction fees and merchant fees are directly related to the increased number
 of transactions during the year. 
 
 Beginning
 on April 1, 2022, we began accruing royalties per the manufacturing and distributorship license
 agreements of 4.00 of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances.
 Thus, the royalty fees increased during the period. 
 
 The
 increase in bad debt expense was due to management providing a reserve based on aging of
 the holdback receivables that they determine should be uncollectible. 

48 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Operating
Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 9.1 million. The cash used in operating activities was primary
due to net loss and timing of settlement of assets and liabilities including stock compensation expenses. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 28,397. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 28,397
was provided by proceeds from the disposition of an asset. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 14.9 million. This amount was incurred by increased borrowings
from related parties, shareholders, and investors. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our financial
statements and the accompanying notes. The amounts of assets and liabilities reported on our balance sheet and the amounts of revenues
and expenses reported for each of our fiscal periods are affected by estimates and assumptions, which are used for, but not limited to,
the accounting for revenue recognition, stock based compensation and the valuation of deferred taxes. Actual results could differ from
these estimates. The following critical accounting policies are significantly affected by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in
the preparation of the financial statements: 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with our customers are satisfied. We have determined that
fulfilling and delivering products is a single performance obligation. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when we have satisfied
our performance obligation and the customer has obtained control of the products. This generally occurs when the product is delivered
to or picked up by the customer based on applicable shipping terms, which is typically within 15 days. Revenue is measured as the amount
of consideration expected to be received in exchange for fulfilled product orders, 

While
customers generally have a right to return defective or non-conforming products, past experience has demonstrated that product returns
have been immaterial. Customer remedies for defective or non-conforming products may include a refund or exchange. As a result, the right
of return is estimated and recorded as a reduction in revenue at the time of sale, if necessary. 

Our
customer contracts identify product quantity, price, and payment terms. Payment terms are granted consistent with industry standards.
Although some payment terms may be more extended, the majority of the our payment terms are less than 30 days. As a result, revenue is
not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component. Amounts billed and due from customers are classified as Accounts Receivables
on the Balance Sheet. 

49 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
consolidated financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

No
events occurred requiring disclosure under Item 304 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Our
management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive and principal financial and accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Other
than the hiring of a new Chief Financial Officer, there have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified
in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered
by this Annual Report that has materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls and procedures
over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the
possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal
control will provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the internal control system are met. 

50 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses relate to the fact that
we do not maintain a comprehensive policies and procedures manual designed to establish internal controls over financial reporting 
to reduce the risk of publishing materially misstated financial statements, as well as define responsibilities and segregate incompatible
duties to reduce the risk of unauthorized transactions. We believe that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise
and knowledge with the non-routine or technical issues we have encountered in the past will result in both proper recording of these
transactions and a much more knowledgeable finance department as a whole. Due to the fact that our accounting staff currently consists
only of a Chief Financial Officer, additional personnel will also create the proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and
balances within the department. Additional personnel can also provide the cross training needed to support us if personnel turnover issues
within the department occur. We believe that the hiring of additional accounting and financial personnel will eliminate or greatly decrease
any control and procedure issues we may encounter in the future. However, we cannot be certain that any such steps we undertake will
successfully remediate any material weaknesses or that other material weaknesses and control deficiencies will not be discovered in the
future. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal controls
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements,
as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s assessment was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s assessment in this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

51 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
board of directors consists of nine directors. We currently have five independent directors. Our directors will serve for one-year terms
or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. There will be no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently,
at each annual meeting, the successors to each of our directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at that meeting. 

Set
forth below are the names, ages, and positions of our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 with the Company 
 
 Date
 Joined the Company 
 
 Jaspreet
 Mathur 
 
 37 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Kenneth
 Haller 
 
 36 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Benjamin
 Chung 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Danielle
 Young 
 
 35 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Rob
 Cucher 
 
 46 
 
 VP
 of Legal Affairs 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Bharat
 Raj Mathur 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Amanda
 Saccomanno 
 
 31 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Dov
 Konetz 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 May
 20, 2022 
 
 Dan
 Fleyshman 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 3, 2022 
 
 Leon
 Anderson 
 
 36 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 3, 2022 
 
 Michael Braun 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 January 11, 2023 
 
 Hassan Iddrissu 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 January 11, 2023 

Biographical
Information 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following is a summary of certain biographical information of our current directors and executive officers. 

Jaspreet
Mathur Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

On
May 20, 2022, Jaspreet Mathur became our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our Board of Directors. In January 2011,
Mr. Mathur launched Kore Fit Living, a chain of retail stores across Canada specializing in sales of vitamins and supplements, sports
nutrition, athletic apparel and fitness/MMA training equipment. In 2013, he launched a web agency, Emblaze One, as a full-service interactive
agency with global offices to accommodate a consumer market shift from brick and mortar to e-commerce. In November 2018, Mr. Mathur launched
the Limitless brand, which manufactures and distributes health and wellness products and offers B2B services for brand development and
digital marketing. In January 2022, he teamed up with Dr. Mehmet Oz and a nonprofit organization called HealthCorps to jumpstart health
and wellness programs that are targeted to teens and young adults. 

52 

Kenneth
Haller President and Director 

Kenneth
Haller became our President on May 20, 2022. From January 2021 until April 2022, he was Vice President of Payments at Greenbox POS, a
software company that designs and develops mobile applications for cash-free e-wallet payments. From May 2013 through May 2022, Mr. Haller
was Managing Partner of SKY MIDS, a strategic merchant services company that focuses on high risk and international credit card processing.
During this same period until 2021, he was Chief Executive Officer of ChargeSavvy, LLC, a table-side checkout POS system that streamlines
information gathering and payment processing. 

Benjamin
Chung- Chief Financial Officer 

Benjamin
Chung has been in public accounting for over 18 years. From 1999 through 2004, Mr. Chung was an Audit Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
From May 2004 through June 2007, Mr. Chung was an audit manager at Ernst Young. He then went on to become the Director of Internal
Audit for Big 5 Sporting Goods. In January 2012, Mr. Chung was the founder and managing partner at Benjamin Ko, a public accounting
and consulting firm. In May 2021, Mr. Chung became the CFO of Greenbox POS (Nasdaq: GBOX). Additionally, over the last five years, Mr.
Chung has also served on the board for multiple public companies, the most recent being Franklin Wireless, which trades on Nasdaq. Mr.
Chung resigned from that board in December 2019 and currently does not serve on the board of directors of any publicly traded company. 

Danielle
Young- Chief Operating Officer 

Danielle
Young has been in public accounting for ten years. In January 2015, she was hired by Benjamin Young, LLP, a mid-size CPA firm
in Orange County, California as part of their tax department. In May 2019, she left Benjamin Young and joined Benjamin Ko,
as the Director of Internal Audit spearheading their operations as well as working with major public companies such as The Habit Burger,
Aerovironment, and Ducommun Aerospace. After leaving Benjamin Ko in July 2021, she started her own consulting firm, Irvine Advisory
Services in focusing on IPO readiness preparation, internal audit, and corporate management. In June 2022, she was elected to the board
of trustees of The Miss America Foundation . 

Rob
Cucher- VP of Legal Affairs 

Rob
Cucher is a seasoned attorney with 20 years of courtroom practice and experience representing clients on a wide range of legal matters
including civil litigation, corporate governance, labor and employment, and commercial transactions, with a concentration in business
law and health care. Since April 2017, Mr. Cucher has served as an officer and director of a technology company finding solutions to
tracking chronic care and behavioral health conditions for patients throughout California. In February 2010, Mr. Cucher co-founded Sports
for All Children, a non-profit providing athletic opportunities for children with special needs. Additionally, Mr. Cucher became a director
in May 2019 of Better Housing Solutions, an affordable housing non-profit currently servicing Palmdale, California. Mr. Cucher graduated
cum laude from UCLA and Loyola Law School in Los Angeles and is a current member of the California State Bar and United States District
Courts. 

53 

Bharat
Raj Mathur- Director 

Bharat
Raj Mathur joined our board of directors on May 20, 2022. Since July 2016, he has been a columnist and featured contributor at www.bizcatalyst360.com.
From March 2014 to April 2016, he was chief operating officer at KORE Fit Living. From August 2004 through April 2016, Mr. Mathur was
Vice President, Distribution Channel Management at Incredible Entertainment. 

Amanda
Saccomanno - Director 

Amanda
Saccomanno joined our board of directors on May 20, 2022. Ms. Saccomanno is an American professional wrestler, television personality,
and fitness and figure competitor. In 2015, Ms. Saccomanno gained major attention from World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) after scoring
second place in its Tough Enough reality show a competition of contenders vying for a WWE wrestling contract. In May 2015, she
signed with the WWE as a Sports Entertainer and starring in their E! Hit Reality Series, Total Divas. Since May 2017, Ms. Saccomanno
has developed multiple health platforms and launched an iOS application called Fit with Mandy. In 2020, Ms. Saccomanno
co-founded and continues to help market and develop a skin care line, with our CEO, Jaspreet Mathur, called Amarose. 

Dov
Konetz - Director 

For
more than the past five years, Dov Konetz has been the Managing Director of DMK Capital, a company engaged in providing valuations in
commercial real estate, intangibles and movable assets. Since 2008, Mr. Konetz has served as a Director of Mount Sinai Hospital in Miami,
Florida. Mr. Konetz also served on the Miami Beach Police Relations Committee from 2010 through 2012. Mr. Konetz is a valued supporter
of The Dream Catcher Foundation, a non-profit that is dedicated to combating human trafficking. 

Dan
Fleyshman- Director 

Dan
Fleyshman is the CIO and a director of Blockchain Consulting Group, Inc. He founded Elevator Studios in 2015 and is currently its CEO.
From 2012 through 2015, he was the CEO of One Penny Ad Agency. Between 2010 and 2012, Mr. Fleyshman consulted for a casino in Nevada.
He was the CEO of Victory Poker from 2009 through April 2010. From 1999 through 2009, he was the president of WYD, Inc. located in San
Diego, California. 

Leon
Starino Anderson- Director 

From 2002 through 2012, Mr. Anderson
became a partner in a London based night club. Mr. Anderson went on to develop public relations and marketing services for major brand
deals while in the U.K. for a number of celebrities. Mr. Anderson was recognized for a first of its kind buyout on a brand
that had no previous history but secured a buyout by ASOS. Since September 2021, Mr. Anderson has continued to run his company, Due Diligence
Apparel Ltd. 

Michael Braun- Director 

Since 2010, Michael Braun has been the Director of
Marketing and Sales of Westbank Pacific Realty Corp., a mixed-use real estate development company. Prior to Westbank, Mr. Braun worked
for Rennie, a real estate marketing and sales firm in Vancouver. He graduated from the University of British Columbia in 2007 with a
Science Major and Commerce Minor. Mr. Braun holds a real estate license in Vancouver, British Columbia. 

Hassan Iddrissu- Director 

Since 2014, Mr. Iddrissu has been the CFO of First
Pinnacle Capital Group, Inc., a real estate company in West Los Angeles. Since 2003, Mr. Iddrissu has also been the co-Founder, Chairman,
and CEO of RoadStarr Motorsports, a market leader in the auto boutique with various entities across the luxury car industry including
an exotic car rental company Starr Auto Rentals. Mr. Iddrissu is also an active mentor and motivational speaker for various inner-city
youth, including the Los Angeles Sheriff Foundation. Mr. Iddrissu has his Bachelors of Business Administration from Loyola Marymount
University. 

54 

Family
Relationships 

Except
for Bharat Raj Mathur who is the father of our CEO, Jaspreet Mathur, there are no family relationships with any of the executive officers
or directors of the Company and the above referenced individuals. Other than as may be contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement there
are no arrangements or understandings between the above referenced individuals and any other persons pursuant to which he or she was
selected as a director. 

Board
Composition 

Our
board of directors currently consists of nine persons. 

Our
board of directors believes its members collectively have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills to effectively oversee
our management, including a high degree of personal and professional integrity, an ability to exercise sound business judgment on a broad
range of issues, sufficient experience and background to have an appreciation of the issues facing us, a willingness to devote the necessary
time to board duties, a commitment to representing our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and a dedication to
enhancing shareholder value. 

We
held one board of directors meeting in 2021 and two board of directors meeting in 2022. All other board actions were taken by unanimous
written consent of the directors. 

Director
Independence 

We
adhere to the rules of NYSE American in determining whether a director is independent. The NYSE American listing standards generally
define an independent director as a person, other than an executive officer of a company or any other individual having
a relationship which, in the opinion of the issuer s board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

Our
board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and will review the independence of any new directors
based on information provided by each director concerning his background, employment, and affiliations, in order to make a determination
of independence. Our board of directors has determined that there are five independent directors on our board of directors. 

55 

Role
of Our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 

One
of the key functions of our board of directors is informed oversight of our risk management process. Our board of directors administers
this oversight function directly, along with our Audit Committee, and we plan to have supporting committees, including a Compensation
Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which will then support the board of directors by addressing risks specific
to its respective areas of oversight. Until such time as those committees are formed, the board of directors will manage the process.
Our Compensation Committee will assess and monitor whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential to encourage
excessive risk-taking. Our Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee will provide oversight with respect to corporate governance
and ethical conduct and monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance guidelines, including whether such guidelines are successful
in preventing illegal or improper liability-creating conduct. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee was formed in May 2020, and its initial members were Ed Nichols and Calvin Smiley, both of whom were former members of
the board of directors. Mr. Nichols and Mr. Smiley resigned as directors on May 20, 2022. Currently, the duties of the Audit Committee
are being administered by the board of directors directly. 

We
will establish a written charter for our Audit Committee, in which we will set forth the duties of the Audit Committee that include,
among other matters, oversight responsibilities with respect to the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements, the external auditor s qualifications, independence, and performance, and the performance of our internal
audit function as applicable. 

There
were no Audit Committee meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Limitations
on Liabilities and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

There
are limitations of liability and indemnification and advancement rights applicable to our directors and officers. 

See
 Description of Capital Stock in Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters. 

56 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes information regarding the compensation for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 for our named executive officers. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Jaspreet
 Mathur , Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 291,667 
 - 
 - 
 417 
 292,084 
 
 and
 Chairman of the Board of Directors (1) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kenneth
 Haller, 
 2022 
 145,833 
 - 
 - 
 5,624 
 151,457 
 
 President
 and Director (2) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Benjamin
 Chung, 
 2022 
 113,750 
 - 
 - 
 5,112 
 118,862 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (3) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Danielle
 Young, 
 2022 
 91,000 
 - 
 - 
 667 
 91,667 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer (4) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Rob
 Cucher , 
 2022 
 116,667 
 - 
 - 
 7,924 
 124,591 
 
 VP
 of Legal Affairs (5) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 W.
 Edward Nichols, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former
 CEO and President (6) 
 2021 
 - 
 77,500 
 - 
 - 
 77,500 
 
 Darrell
 Avey, 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former
 CFO and Vice President (7) 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 17,500 
 17,500 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Mathur was appointed as CEO on May 20, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Haller was appointed as President on May 20, 2022. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Chung was appointed as CFO on May 20, 2022. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Young was appointed as COO on May 20, 2022. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Cucher was appointed VP of Legal Affairs on August 1, 2022. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Nichols resigned all of his officer and director positions on May 20, 2022. Mr. Nichols was issued 50,000 shares of common stock
 in exchange for his services in 2021, valued at 1.55 per share to Helion Holdings, LLC, an entity beneficially owned by Mr. Nichols. 

(7) 
 Mr.
 Avey resigned all of his officer and director positions on May 20, 2022. Represents consulting fees paid to Mr. Avey during the year
 2021. 

57 

Executive
Compensation 

We
believe that the primary goal of executive compensation is to align the interests of our executive officers with those of our shareholders
in a way that allows us to attract and retain the best executive talent. 

Annual
Base Salary . Base salary will be designed to compensate our named executive officers at a fixed level of compensation that will be
designed to serve as a retention tool throughout the executive s career. In determining base salaries, our board of directors (or,
when enacted, our compensation committee) considers each executive s role and responsibility, unique skills, future potential with
us, salary levels for similar positions in our market and internal pay equity. 

Option
Plan. We plan to offer option awards to executives and other employees, in the discretion of the board of directors, considering
the executive s role and other compensation. 

Health/Welfare
Plans. All of our full-time employees are eligible to participate in health and welfare plans, including medical, dental and vision
benefits, maintained by the Company. The Company pays 100 of health and welfare plans for all executives and 50 of health and welfare
plans for all full-time employees. 

PTO
Plan. We offer paid-time off, which can be used for may be used for vacations, rest and relaxation and personal business, and sick
days. The PTO varies amongst type of employee and is between two and three weeks. 

Employment/Consulting
Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We
have not entered into employment agreements or other compensation agreements with our executive officers. All employee contracts are
 at will. There are no potential payments payable to the Named Executive Officers upon a termination of employment in connection
with a change in control. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth a summary of compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, that we paid to each director. We do
not sponsor a pension benefits plan, a non-qualified deferred compensation plan, or a non-equity incentive plan for directors; therefore,
these columns have been omitted from the following table. We reimburse directors for expenses incurred in attending meetings required
in person. No other or additional compensation for services were paid to any of the directors. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash 
 ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jaspreet Mathur 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Kenneth Haller 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Bharat Raj Mathur 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Amanda Saccomanno 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Dov Konetz 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Dan Fleyshman 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Leon Anderson 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Michael Braun 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Hassan Iddrissu 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 W. Edward Nichols (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Darell Avey (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Jeremy Ostler (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Calvin D. Smiley (1) 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1) 
 Resigned
 as Directors on May 20, 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

There
were no equity awards held by any of our appointed executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. 

2020
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
January 15, 2020, a Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan (the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board of
Directors. There are 2,222 shares of common stock reserved for the 2020 Stock Option Plan. No options or awards were granted
under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

2022
Stock Option Plan 

Effective
August 9, 2022, we adopted our 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the 2022 Stock Option Plan ). Under the
2022 Stock Option Plan, the Board of Directors may grant options to purchase common stock to officers, employees, and other persons who
provide services to us. A total of 833,333 shares of common stock is reserved for the 2022 Stock Option Plan. As of the date of this
Annual Report, there have been no options granted under the 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

58 

2022
Restricted Stock Plan 

Effective
August 9, 2022, we adopted our 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan ). Under the 2022 Restricted Stock
Plan, the Board of Directors may grant restricted stock to officers, directors, and key employees. A total of 833,333 shares of common
stock is reserved for the 2022 Stock Option Plan. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been no shares of common stock granted
under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification 

We
are a Delaware corporation. The Delaware General Corporation Laws (DGCL) provides that the articles of incorporation of a
Delaware corporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or our shareholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except that any such provision may not eliminate or limit the liability
of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or our shareholders, (ii) acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) acts specified in Section 78 (concerning
unlawful distributions), or (iv) any transaction from which a director directly or indirectly derived an improper personal benefit. Our
articles of incorporation contain a provision eliminating the personal liability of directors to our company or our shareholders
for monetary damages to the fullest extent provided by the DGCL. 

The
DGCL provides that a Delaware corporation must indemnify a person who was wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of
any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative and whether
formal or informal (a Proceeding ), in which he or she was a party because the person is or was a director, against reasonable
expenses incurred by him or her in connection with the Proceeding, unless such indemnity is limited by the corporation s articles
of incorporation. Our articles of incorporation do not contain any such limitation. 

The
DGCL provides that a Delaware corporation may indemnify a person made a party to a Proceeding because the person is or was a director
against any obligation incurred with respect to a Proceeding to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine (including an excise tax assessed
with respect to an employee benefit plan) or reasonable expenses incurred in the Proceeding if the person conducted himself or herself
in good faith and the person reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in an official capacity with the corporation, that the person s
conduct was in the corporation s best interests and, in all other cases, his or her conduct was at least not opposed to the corporation s
best interests and, with respect to any criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was
unlawful. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws allow for such indemnification. A corporation may not indemnify a director in connection
with any Proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the director was adjudged liable to the corporation or, in connection
with any other Proceeding charging that the director derived an improper personal benefit, whether or not involving actions in an official
capacity, in which Proceeding the director was judged liable on the basis that he or she derived an improper personal benefit. Any indemnification
permitted in connection with a Proceeding by or in the right of the corporation is limited to reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with such Proceeding. 

59 

The
DGCL, unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, a Delaware corporation may indemnify an officer, employee, fiduciary,
or agent of the corporation to the same extent as a director and may indemnify such a person who is not a director to a greater extent,
if not inconsistent with public policy and if provided for by our bylaws, general or specific action of our board of directors or shareholders,
or contract. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents
to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Our
articles of incorporation also provide that we may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or
officer of our company or who is or was serving at our request as a director, officer or agent of another enterprise against any liability
asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not
we would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation
plans, consisting of our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, and our 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. We do not have any
non-shareholder approved equity compensation plans. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
for future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
(excluding securities 
reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 1,668,888 (1) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 0 
 
 1,668,888 

(1)
Includes 2,222 options under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan; 833,333 options under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan; and 833,333 shares
of common stock under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

60 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 3,930,333 shares
of our common stock outstanding. The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock immediately prior to the
completion of this offering by: 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group; and 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding common stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC. Generally, it means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if
he or she possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security and includes options, warrants, and other securities convertible
or exercisable into shares of common stock, provided that such securities are currently exercisable or convertible or exercisable or
convertible within 60 days of the date hereof. Each director or officer, as the case may be, has furnished us with information with respect
to their beneficial ownership. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have (i) sole voting power and investment power
with respect to their stock, except to the extent that authority is shared by spouses under applicable law, and (ii) record and beneficial
ownership with respect to their securities. 

Name and Address (1) 
 Office 
 Shares Owned 
 Percent of Class (2) 
 
 Class A Preferred Stock 

Jaspreet Mathur 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 500,000 
 100 

Common Stock 

Jaspreet Mathur 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 2,632,334 
 66.97 

Bharat Raj Mathur 
 Director 
 141,334 
 3.60 

Kenneth Haller 
 President and Director 
 141,334 
 3.60 

Amanda Saccomanno 
 Director 
 106,000 
 2.70 

Benjamin Chung 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 35,334 

Rob Cucher 
 VP of Legal Affairs 
 17,667 

Danielle Young 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 - 
 - 

Dov Konetz 
 Director 
 - 
 - 

Dan Fleyshman 
 Director 
 - 
 - 

Leon Anderson 
 Director 
 - 
 - 

Michael Braun 
 Director 
 - 
 - 

Hassan Iddrissu 
 Director 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers and directors 
 
 3,074,003 
 78.21 

Less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 The
 mailing address of each of the officers and directors as set forth above is c/o Limitless X Holdings Inc., 9454 Wilshire Blvd. #300,
 Beverly Hills, California 90212. 

(2) 
 As of the date hereof, there were 3,930,333 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding and 500,000 shares of our Class A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

61 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

We
had the following transactions with related parties during the last two fiscal years: 

Sale
of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock 

Concurrently
with the LimitlessX Acquisition, Jaspreet Mathur, our current Chief Executive Officer purchased from Helion Holdings, LLC, a company
beneficially owned by our former Chief Executive Officer, 500,000 shares of our Class A Preferred Convertible Stock for
consideration of 400,000. 

Royalty
Payables 

Limitless
Performance Inc. LPI ), SMILZ INC. Smiles ), and DIVATRIM INC. Divatrim ), are all companies
owned by Jas Mathur, our Chief Executive Officer, Director, and majority shareholder. AMAROSE INC. Amarose is owned 50 
by Mr. Mathur and 50 by Amanda Saccomanno, one of our directors. 

On
 December 1, 2021, we entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with LPI for us to distribute LPI products
 and for payments to LPI for its product designs and distribution rights. We pay to LPI from time to time royalty payments equal to
 4.00 of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, we entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Smiles for us to distribute Smiles products
 and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. We pay to Smiles from time to time royalty payments equal
 to 4.00 of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, we entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Divatrim for us to distribute Divatrim
 products and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. We pay to Divatrim from time to time royalty
 payments equal to 4.00 of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, we entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Amarose for us to distribute Amarose
 products and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. We pay to Amarose from time to time royalty
 payments equal to 4.00 of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

We
started paying all earned royalties to LPI, Smiles, Divatrim, and Amarose beginning on June 15, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the royalty
payable is in the amount of 1,114,403. 

62 

Note
Payables to Shareholder 

On
December 6, 2021, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 50,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance due on the loan is 50,000 and 50,000, respectively. Pursuant to
that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, Limitless X borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 50,000, with proceeds used for
working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of 4,303 per month which includes principal and interest
with an interest rate of 6 . The total balance of principal and interest of 51,640 is due on May 1, 2023. 

On
February 11, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 150,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 150,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement,
we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 150,000, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the
loan requires a payment of 12,910 per month which includes principal and interest with an interest rate of 6 . The total balance of
principal and interest of 154,920 is due on May 1, 2023. 

On
May 8, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 550,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder Jaspreet Mathur.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 550,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, we borrowed
an aggregate principal amount of 550,000, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the loan requires
a payment of 47,337 per month which includes principal and interest with an interest rate of 6 . The total balance of principal and
interest of 568,038 is due on May 1, 2023. 

On
May 16, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 1,100,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 1,100,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement,
we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 1,100,000, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. Interest began accruing at
the rate of 8.5 on June 17, 2022. 

On
May 18, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 450,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet Mathur.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 450,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, we borrowed
an aggregate principal amount of 450,000, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. Interest began accruing at the rate of 8.5 
on June 19, 2022. 

On
June 1, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 500,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet Mathur.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance is 500,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, we borrowed an aggregate
principal amount of 500,000, with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Beginning on August 1, 2022, the loan requires a
payment of 43,494 per month which includes principal and interest with an interest rate of 8 . The total balance of principal and interest
of 521,931 is due on July 1, 2023. 

63 

On
June 30, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 922,028 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 922,028. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement,
we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 922,028, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. Beginning on August 1, 2022,
the loan requires a payment of 80,206 per month which includes principal and interest with an interest rate of 8 . The total balance
of principal and interest of 962,469 is due on August 1, 2023. 

On
August 25, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 290,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 290,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement,
we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 290,000 used for working capital purposes and with an interest rate of 10 due on demand. 

On
November 15, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 450,000 from our CEO, Director, and majority shareholder, Jaspreet
Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 450,000. Pursuant to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement,
we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 450,000 used for working capital purposes and with an interest rate of 10 due on demand. 

Note
Payables to Related Party 

On
April 1, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 237,610 from Emblaze One, a company owned by our CEO, Director, and
majority shareholder, Jaspreet Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 237,610. Pursuant to that certain Loan
Authorization and Agreement, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 237,610, with proceeds used for working capital purposes.
Beginning on September 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of 20,669 per month which includes principal and interest with an interest
rate of 8 . The total balance of principal and interest of 248,032 is due on August 1, 2023. 

On
December 31, 2022, we executed loan documents for securing a loan of 929,401 from Emblaze One, a company owned by our CEO, Director,
and majority shareholder, Jaspreet Mathur. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due on the loan is 929,401. Pursuant to that certain
Loan Authorization and Agreement, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 929,401 with an interest rate of 8 due on December 1,
2023, with proceeds used for working capital purposes. 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons 

All
future related party transactions will be voted upon by the disinterested board of directors. The audit committee of the board of directors
is responsible for evaluating each related party transaction and making a recommendation to the disinterested members of the board of
directors as to whether the transaction at issue is fair, reasonable and within our policy and whether it should be ratified and approved.
If there is no Audit Committee at such time, then the evaluation will also be done by the disinterested board of directors. The board
of directors or the audit committee, as applicable, in making its recommendation, will consider various factors, including the benefit
of the transaction to us, the terms of the transaction and whether they are at arm s-length and in the ordinary course of our business,
the direct or indirect nature of the related person s interest in the transaction, the size and expected term of the transaction
and other facts and circumstances that bear on the materiality of the related party transaction under applicable law and listing standards.
The board of directors or the audit committee will review, at least annually, a summary of our transactions with our directors and officers
and with firms that employ our directors, as well as any other related person transactions. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

BF
Borgers CPA PC, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the financial statements and performed quarterly reviews for
2022. 

We
incurred approximately 71,000 in audit fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection
with the audit of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. We incurred approximately 60,000 in audit fees to
our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Audit
fees consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements, the review of
interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports, services that are normally provided in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements and attest services, except those not required by statute or regulation. 

During
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not incur any other fees for professional services rendered by our principal
independent accountants for all other non-audit services which may include, but not limited to, tax related services, actuarial services
or valuation services. 

64 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

a) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Our
financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included herein on page F-1. 

b) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto on page F-1. 

c) 
 Exhibits: 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed October 31, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/01/2022 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 02/02/2023 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed December 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/21/2022 

4.1 
 
 2020 Stock Option and Award Plan 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 07/02/2020 

4.2 
 
 2022 Restricted Stock Plan 

X 
 
 4.3 
 
 2022 Stock Option Plan 

X 
 
 4.4 
 
 Class A Super Majority Convertible Preferred Shares Designation filed February 5, 2020 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.3 
 
 07/02/2020 

4.5 
 
 Amended Certificate of Designation of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/26/2022 

4.6 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Manufacturing Distributorship License Agreement between Limitless X Inc. and Divatrim Inc., dated December 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.2 
 
 Manufacturing Distributorship License Agreement between Limitless X Inc. and Smilz Inc., dated December 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.3 
 
 Manufacturing Distributorship License Agreement between Limitless X Inc. and Limitless Performance Inc., dated December 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.4 
 
 Manufacturing Distributorship License Agreement between Limitless X Inc. and Amarose Inc., dated December 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.5 
 
 Promissory Note between Limitless X, Inc. and Jaspreet Mathur, dated December 6, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 05/26/2022 

65 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note between Limitless X, Inc. and Jaspreet Mathur, dated February 11, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note between Limitless X, Inc. and Jaspreet Mathur, dated May 8, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.9 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.8 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement among Bio Lab Naturals, Inc., Limitless X, Inc., and Certain Shareholders, dated May 11, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note between Limitless X, Inc. and Jaspreet Mathur, dated May 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.10 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note between Limitless X, Inc. and Jaspreet Mathur, dated May 18, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 05/26/2022 

10.11 
 
 Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement, dated August 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/05/2022 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained within Exhibit 101) 

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIMITLESS X HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 

Jaspreet Mathur 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman of the Board of Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jaspreet Mathur 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Benjamin Chung 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

67 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS, INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 of
Limitless X Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Limitless X Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, and the related notes and
schedules (referred to as the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
September 27, 2021 (date of formation) through December 31, 2021. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 27, 2021 (date of formation)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Holdback receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Inventories, net 

Total current assets 

Non-Current Assets: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Equipment, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Royalty payable 
 
 - 
 
 Refunds payable 

Chargebacks payable 

Income tax payable 

Note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible note payables 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of loan payables to shareholder 

Note payables to related parties 
 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Loan payables to shareholder, less current portion 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock - par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common Stock- par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding and shares issued and outstanding and shares issuable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the period from 

September 27, 2021 

For the 
 (Date of formation) 

year ended 
 through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Product sales 

Service revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Rentals 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenue 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales - other 
 
 - 
 
 Total cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Advertising and marketing 

Stock compensation for services 
 
 - 
 
 Transaction fees 

Merchant fees 

Royalty fees 
 
 - 
 
 Professional fees 

Payroll and payroll taxes 

Rent 

Bad debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Consulting fees, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on disposal of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 
 - 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Issuable 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock issuable 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Issuable 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balance at September 27, 2021 (Date of formation) 

- 
 - 
 
 Balance 

- 
 - 

Contributions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period from 

September 27, 2021 

For the 
 (Date of formation) 

year ended 
 through 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for professional fees 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivables, net 

Holdback receivables 

Inventories, net 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Refunds payable 

Royalty payable 
 
 - 
 
 Chargebacks payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from disposition of asset 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from borrowings from related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from borrowings from shareholder 

Proceeds from borrowing 
 
 - 
 
 Shareholders contributions 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash beginning of period 
 
 - 

Cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the periods for: 

Interest 
 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock of Bio Lab to the LimitlessX shareholders (the Acquisition Closing ). According to the terms of the
Share Exchange Agreement, Bio Lab then issued an additional shares of common stock to the LimitlessX shareholders pro rata to
their interests in approximately six months from the Acquisition Closing as part of the Limitless Acquisition. Concurrently with the
LimitlessX Acquisition, Jaspreet Mathur, the founder and principal shareholder of LimitlessX, also purchased from Helion Holdings LLC,
 shares of Bio Lab s Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, which at all times have a number of votes equal to of all
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Bio Lab. 

On
June 10, 2022, Bio Lab changed its name to Limitless X Holdings, Inc. Limitless ). 

The
Merger was accounted for as a reverse merger following the completion of the transaction. For accounting purposes, LimitlessX
was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction was treated as a recapitalization of Bio
Lab. Accordingly, LimitlessX s assets, liabilities, and results of operations became the historical financial statements of the
registrant. No step-up in basis or intangible assets or goodwill was recorded in this transaction. 

Limitless
is a lifestyle brand, focused in the health and wellness industry. Limitless provides nutritional supplements, wellness studies, interactive
training videos, and marketing products. The mission of Limitless is to provide businesses within its industry a turnkey solution to
sell products both online and in retail stores. Limitless also provides its own products and wellness videos suitable for a wide range
of ages and fitness. Limitless teams includes sales, marketing, user interface design (UI), user experience design (UX), fulfillment,
customer support, labeling, product manufacturing, consulting, retailing, and payment processing, among others. 

Limitless
currently offer products online only, but anticipates expanding to the brick-and-motor retail stores and wholesale marketplace
in the future. Limitless has manufacturing and distribution licensing agreements to market, manufacture, sell, and distribute the branded
products on behalf of its clients. Limitless orders products from third party partner manufacturers, that make the products according
to the Company s custom formulations, and brand them using the Limitless licensed trademarks. Products are then marketed and sold
DTC online. Orders are fulfilled and shipped directly from the Company s licensors. The Company plans to offers global marketing
services across all areas of the sales process, including market research, brand and product development, and digital advertising operating
as an integrated marketing agency. 

The
Company operate in the following products and services: (i) health products and (ii) digital marketing services. The health products includes
the sales of health products three primary verticals: Health Wellness, Beauty Skincare, and the Vapor industry. The digital
marketing includes digital marketing, digital and print design, social media marketing and direct-to-consumer marketing. 

- reserve on gross sales and additional reserves by the third-party processor for
additional returns and chargebacks if needed. Based on aging of the holdback receivables, the Company has determined that an allowance
for doubtful accounts of or of holdback receivables should be deemed uncollectible recorded as bad debt expense. Thus,
the adjusted holdback receivables balance was as of December 31, 2022. 

and for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included
in operating expenses in the accompanying statement of income. 

- 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 - 

Total equipment, net 
 
 - 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported a gain of on the disposal of assets. 

The
Company utilizes third-party contract manufacturers for the manufacture of its products. The Company has evaluated whether it is the
principal or agent in these relationships. The Company has determined that it is the principal in all cases, as it retains the responsibility
for fulfillment and risk of loss, as well as for establishing the price. 

In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the Company has
elected the practical expedient to expense the incremental costs to obtain a contract, because the amortization period would be less
than one year, and the practical expedient for shipping and handling costs. Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver products
to customers are accounted for as fulfillment activities, rather than a promised service, and as such are included in Cost of Goods Sold
in the Statements of Operations. 

deferred revenue related to services revenue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

restocking fee. The Company s estimate of
the reserve is based upon the Company s most historical experience of actual customer returns. Additionally, the Company considers
other factors in estimating the reserve, such as hiring a new internal team with more resources for the refund process. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, the average rate of return is . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company determined the refund reserve
to be by using the last two weeks of sales of the period of with the average rate of return of for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, refunds payable were and , respectively. 

. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
determined the chargeback reserve to be by using the last two weeks of sales of the period of with the average rate
of chargebacks of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, chargebacks payable were and , respectively. 

of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

convertible common stock during the year ended December
31, 2022 were not included in the computation of diluted Earnings Per Share for the same period as the inclusion would have been antidilutive,
given the Company s net loss. 

The
Company did not have any dilutive common shares for the period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 

of total purchases in fiscal
2022. A significant portion of the Company s inventory is manufactured abroad in Asia. Foreign imports subject the Company to the
risks of changes in, or the imposition of new, import tariffs, duties or quotas, new restrictions on imports, loss of most favored
nation status with the United States for a particular foreign country, antidumping or countervailing duty orders, retaliatory
actions in response to illegal trade practices, work stoppages, delays in shipment, freight expense increases, product cost increases
due to foreign currency fluctuations or revaluations, public health issues that could lead to temporary closures of facilities or shipping
ports, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and other economic uncertainties. If a disruption of trade were to occur from the countries
in which the suppliers of the Company s vendors are located, the Company may be unable to obtain sufficient quantities of products
to satisfy its requirements, or the cost of obtaining products may increase. 

A
substantial amount of the Company s inventory is manufactured abroad. From time to time, shipping ports experience capacity constraints
(such as delays associated with COVID-19), labor strikes, work stoppages or other disruptions that may delay the delivery of imported
products. A contract dispute may lead to protracted delays in the movement of the Company s products, which could further delay
the delivery of products to the Company s stores and impact net sales and profitability. In addition, other conditions outside
of the Company s control, such as adverse weather conditions or acts of terrorism or war, such as the current conflict in Ukraine,
could significantly disrupt operations at shipping ports or otherwise impact transportation of the imported merchandise we sell, either
through supply chain disruptions, or rising freight and fuel costs. 

Level
 2. 
 Inputs,
 other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and 

Level
 3. 
 Unobservable
 inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. 

The
carrying value of financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value is measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Financial
assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value when a significant event occurs. There
were no financial assets or liabilities carried and measured on a nonrecurring basis during the reporting periods. Financial assets and
liabilities measured on a recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value each time a financial statement is prepared. There
have been no transfers between levels. 

Total lease expense 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 

Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 
 - 
 
 2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 
 Total undiscounted cash flows 

Reconciliation of lease liabilities: 

Weighted-average remaining lease terms 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Present values 

Lease liabilities current 

Lease liabilities long-term 
 - 
 
 Lease liabilities total 

Difference between undiscounted and discounted cash flows 

Contingencies 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in certain legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of business. Management is
of the opinion that any such matters will be resolved without material effect on the Company s financial condition or results of
operations. 

in exchange for an unsecured promissory note that included interest
at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before March 1, 2022. The
maturity date was extended to . Interest is due and payable on the first day of each month. At December 31, 2022, Prime
Time Live, Inc. owes in principal and accrued interest of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Convertible
note payables 
 
 - 
 
 August 3, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 August 22, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 September 22, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 September 25, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 September 25, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 September 29, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 September 29, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 October 10, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 October 13, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 October 13, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 October 14, 2022 
 
 - 

Total convertible note payables (current) 
 
 - 

From
August 3, 2022 through November 28, 2022, the Company conducted a convertible note offering for a maximum offering of and
a minimum of (the Convertible Note Offering ). 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Note, the principal amount of the Note that may be outstanding from time to time shall bear interest
per annum until paid in full at a rate equal to , compounded annually. The principal and interest of the Note shall be due and payable
to the noteholder on the one-year anniversary of the date of the Note (the Maturity Date unless all principal and interest
due under the Note had been converted by the Maturity Date. 

The
conversion price shall be equal to per share of Common Stock. This Note is convertible at the option of the Noteholder, in holder s
sole discretion, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the Maturity Date or payment in full of the Note, whichever occurs first,
all or any portion of principal or interest, into shares of Common Stock of the Company at the Conversion Price. 

The
Company analyzed the conversion option in the notes for derivative accounting treatment under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, 
and determined that the instruments do not qualify for derivative accounting. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has received from 12 accredited investors pursuant to the Convertible Note Offering. 

shares of preferred stock, At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there
are a total of shares of Class A Convertible shares of preferred stock Class A issued and outstanding. Further, the holders of the Class A shares at their discretion , can convert their one share
of Class A into two shares of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment. In addition, the holder of the shares of Class
A is entitled to a liquidation preference of the Company senior to all other securities of the Company. 

Common
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022 the Company has authorized shares of common stock par value per share. At December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, there was a total of shares issued and outstanding and shares issued and outstanding and 397,000 shares
issuable, respectively. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services 

On
May 10, 2022 and June 10, 2022, the Company issued and shares of common stock, respectively, for services provided to the
Company. These shares were valued at fair value at the time of issuance. 

Common
Stock and Recapitalization 

As
a result of the LimitlessX Acquisition and LimitlessX being the acquirer, the Company retrospectively restated its common stock as if
the transaction occurred beginning of the period. The following is the reconciliation of retrospectively restated common stock: 

Common stock split (1 to 1.94) Limitless X Inc. 

Common stock issuable (additional stock split) Limitless X Inc. 
 - 

Common stock (Bio Lab) prior to reverse merger 
 
 - 

Total as of December 31, 2021 as retrospectively restated 

shares of the Company s common stock is
reserved for the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. The shares issued for the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan may be either treasury or authorized
and unissued shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from September 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the Company
granted no options under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Effective
August 9, 2022, the Company adopted its 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the 2022 Stock Option Plan ).
Under the 2022 Stock Option Plan, the Board of Directors may grant options to purchase common stock to officers, employees, and other
persons who provide services to the Company. A total of shares of the Company s common stock is reserved for
the 2022 Stock Option Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted no options under the 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

Effective
August 9, 2022, we adopted our 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan ). Under the 2022 Restricted Stock
Plan, the Board of Directors may grant restricted stock to officers, directors, and key employees. A total of shares of common
stock is reserved for the 2022 Stock Option Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been shares of common stock
granted under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

Stocks
Issued for Services 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued unregistered shares of common stock to several people who provided services to the Company. On
June 10, 2022, the Company issued unregistered shares of common stock to a person who provided services to the Company. 

to an officer and an officer of one of
its affiliates. 

Royalty
Payables 

Limitless
Performance Inc. LPI ), SMILZ INC. Smiles ), DIVATRIM INC. Divatrim ), and AMAROSE INC. Amarose are all companies at least 50 owned by a shareholder of the Company. 

On
 December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with LPI for the Company to distribute
 LPI products and for payments to LPI for its product designs and distribution rights. The Company shall pay to LPI from time to time
 royalty payments equal to of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Smiles for the Company to distribute
 Smiles products and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. The Company shall pay to Smiles from
 time to time royalty payments equal to of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Divatrim for the Company to
 distribute Divatrim products and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. The Company shall pay to
 Divatrim from time to time royalty payments equal to of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

On
 December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing and distributorship license agreement with Amarose for the Company to
 distribute Amarose products and for payments to Smiles for its product designs and distribution rights. The Company shall pay to
 Amarose from time to time royalty payments equal to of gross sales, excluding returns, chargebacks, and other such allowances. 

The
Company was required to start paying all earned royalties to LPI, Smiles, Divatrim, and Amarose beginning on June 15, 2022. As of December
31, 2022, the royalty payable is in the amount of . 

Note
payables to shareholder 

February 11, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 8, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 16, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 18, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 June 1, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 August 25, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 November 15, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Total loan payables to shareholder 

Less - current portion 

Total loan payables to shareholder (current) 
 - 

December
6, 2021 50,000 

On
December 6, 2021, the Company executed the standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the balance was and , respectively. 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal
and interest with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

February
11, 2022 150,000 

On
February 11, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal
and interest with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

May
8, 2022 550,000 

On
May 8, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Beginning on June 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal
and interest with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

May
16, 2022 1,100,000 

On
May 16, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to
be used for working capital purposes. Interest began accruing at the rate of on . 

May
18, 2022 450,000 

On
May 18, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Interest began accruing at the rate of on . 

June
1, 2022 500,000 

On
June 1, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Beginning on August 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal
and interest with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

June
30, 2022 922,028 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder. As of December
31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of , with proceeds to be
used for working capital purposes. Beginning on August 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal
and interest with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

August
25, 2022 290,000 

On
August 25, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder due on demand.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of to be used for working
capital purposes and with an interest rate of . 

November
15, 2022 450,000 

On
November 15, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from a shareholder due on demand.
As of December 31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of to be used for working
capital purposes and with an interest rate of . 

Note
payables to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 May 10, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 10, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 10, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 May 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 June 9, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Total note payables to related parties (current) 
 
 - 

April
1, 2022 237,610 

On
April 1, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from Emblaze One, a company owned
by a shareholder. As of December 31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of to be used for working
capital purposes. Beginning on September 1, 2022, the loan requires a payment of per month which includes principal and interest
with an interest rate of . The total balance of principal and interest of is due on . 

May
10, 2022 12,500) 

On
May 10, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest began accruing at the rate of on May 10, 2022. 

May
10, 2022 12,500) 

On
May 10, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest began accruing at the rate of on May 10, 2022. 

May
10, 2022 20,000) 

On
May 10, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest began accruing at the rate of on May 10, 2022. 

May
31, 2022 5,000) 

On
May 31, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest began accruing at the rate of on May 31, 2022. 

May
31, 2022 15,000) 

On
May 31, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest will began accruing at the rate of on May 31, 2022. 

June
9, 2022 15,000) 

On
May 10, 2022, a related party of the predecessor company loaned the predecessor company in exchange for a promissory note that
included interest at the rate of per annum on the unpaid principal balance with all unpaid principal and interest due on or before
 . Interest began accruing at the rate of on May 10, 2022. 

December
31, 2022 929,401 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company executed standard loan documents required for securing a loan of from Emblaze One, a company
owned by a shareholder. As of December 31, 2022, the balance was . 

Pursuant
to that certain Loan Authorization and Agreement, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of with an interest rate
of to be used for working capital purposes due on December 1, 2023. 

F- 26 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit 4.2 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN 

1. Purpose 

This
Limitless X Holdings Inc. 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (this Plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract,
retain, motivate, and reward executive officers, non-employee directors, and other key employees of Limitless X Holdings Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company or any of its Affiliates, by providing them opportunities to acquire shares of the common stock,
with a par value of 0.001 per share Common Stock ), of the Company. Affiliate, as used herein, shall mean
any corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the outstanding stock of the Company, or in which the
Company or any such corporation or other entity owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of the outstanding capital stock (determined
by aggregate voting rights) or other voting interests. Furthermore, the Plan is intended to assist in further aligning the interests
of the Company s executive officers, non-employee directors, and other key employees with those of its shareholders. The Plan has
been adopted and approved by the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company and shall become effective as of the Effective
Date, as defined below. 

2.
 Administration 

(a) The
Plan generally shall be administered by a committee (the Committee which shall be the Compensation Committee of the Board
or another committee appointed by the Board from among its members, subject to the rules of any stock exchange then listing the Common
Stock. Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Committee shall be comprised solely of not less than two members who each shall qualify
as a (i) Non-Employee Director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3(b)(3) (or any successor rule) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and (ii) an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and the regulations thereunder. The Committee is authorized,
subject to the provisions of the Plan, to establish such rules and regulations as it deems necessary for the proper administration of
the Plan and to make such determinations and interpretations and to take such action in connection with the Plan and any Awards granted
hereunder as it deems necessary or advisable. All determinations and interpretations made by the Committee shall be binding and conclusive
on all Participants, as defined below, and their legal representatives. 

(b) No
member of the Board, no member of the Committee, and no agent of the Committee who is an employee of the Company shall be liable for
any act or failure to act hereunder, except in circumstances involving his or her bad faith, gross negligence, or willful misconduct,
or for any act or failure to act hereunder by any other member or employee or by any agent to whom duties in connection with the administration
of this Plan have been delegated. The Company shall indemnify members of the Board, members of the Committee, and any agent of the Committee
who is an employee of the Company against any and all liabilities or expenses to which they may be subjected by reason of any act or
failure to act with respect to their duties on behalf of the Plan, except in circumstances involving such person s bad faith, gross
negligence, or willful misconduct. 

1 

(c) The
Committee has the authority to grant awards (the Awards to the Participants. The Committee may delegate such of its powers
and authority under the Plan as it deems appropriate to designated officers or employees of the Company. In addition, the independent
members of the full Board may exercise any of the powers and authority of the Committee under the Plan. In the event of such delegation
of authority or exercise of authority by the Board, references in the Plan to the Committee shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate,
to the agent of the Committee or the Board. The selection of members of the Committee or any subcommittee thereof, and any delegation
by the Committee to designated officers or employees, under this Section 2(c) shall comply with Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the
performance-based provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, and the regulations promulgated under each of such statutory provisions,
or the respective successors to such statutory provisions or regulations, as in effect from time to time, except to the extent that the
Board determines that such compliance is not necessary or desirable. The Committee may employ such legal or other counsel, consultants,
and agents as it may deem desirable for the administration of the Plan and may rely upon any opinion or computation received from any
such counsel, consultant, or agent. Expenses incurred by the Committee in the engagement of such counsel, consultant, or agent shall
be paid by the Company or any of its Affiliates whose employees have benefited from the Plan, as determined by the Committee. 

3. Participants 

Participants
shall consist of such executive officers, non-employee directors, and other key employees (individually, Participant and
collectively, Participants of the Company or any of its Affiliates as the Committee in its sole discretion determines
to be significantly responsible for the success and future growth and profitability of the Company and whom the Committee may designate
from time to time to receive Awards under the Plan. Designation of a Participant in any year shall not require the Committee to designate
such person to receive an Award in any other year or, once designated, to receive the same type or amount of Award as granted to the
Participant in any other year. The Committee shall consider such factors as it deems pertinent in selecting Participants and in determining
the type and amount of Awards. 

4. Types
of Awards and Vesting Restrictions 

Stock
Awards and Performance Awards may, as determined by the Committee, in its discretion, constitute Performance-Based Awards, as described
in Section 8 below. Awards granted to Participants under the Plan may be subject to a graded vesting schedule with a minimum vesting
period of two years, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. Awards shall be evidenced by Award agreements (which need not be identical)
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A or in such other form as the Committee may from time to time approve; provided, however, that
in the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and any such agreements, the provisions of the Plan shall prevail. 

5. Common
Stock Available Under the Plan 

(a) Shares
Available . The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to Awards granted under this Plan shall be 25,000,000
shares of Common Stock, which may be authorized and unissued or treasury shares, subject to any adjustments made in accordance with Section
9 below. 

2 

(b) Shares
Underlying Awards That Again Become Available . The following shares of Common Stock shall again become available for Awards: (1)
any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award that are forfeited to the Company under Section 11(a), 11(b) or 11(c) of this Plan or
under the provisions of the applicable Award agreement; (2) any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award that are retained by the Company
as payment of the tax withholding obligations with respect to an Award; and (3) a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number
of previously owned shares of Common Stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations with respect to an Award. 

6. Stock
Awards 

The
Committee is authorized to grant Stock Awards and shall, in its sole discretion, determine such Participants in the Plan who will receive
Stock Awards and the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each Stock Award. Each Stock Award shall be subject to such terms and
conditions consistent with the Plan as shall be determined by the Committee and as set forth in the Award agreement, including, without
limitation, restrictions on the sale or other disposition of such shares, and the right of the Company to reacquire such shares for no
consideration upon termination of the Participant s employment or membership on the Board, as applicable, within specified periods.
The Committee may require the Participant to deliver a duly signed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to Common Stock covered by
such Stock Award and/or that the stock certificates or other evidence of such shares be held in custody or bear restrictive legends until
the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed. The Award agreement shall specify whether the Participant shall have, with respect to the
shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Award, all of the rights of a holder of shares of Common Stock, including the right to receive
dividends or other distributions and to vote the shares. 

7. Performance
Awards 

(a) In
General . The Committee is authorized to grant Performance Awards and shall, in its sole discretion, determine such Participants who
will receive Performance Awards and the number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to each Performance Award. Each Performance
Award shall be subject to such terms and conditions consistent with the Plan as shall be determined by the Committee and as set forth
in the Award agreement. The Committee shall set performance targets at its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are
met, will determine the number of Performance Awards that will be paid out to the Participants, and may attach to such Performance Awards
one or more restrictions. Performance targets may be based upon, without limitation, Company-wide, divisional and/or individual performance. 

(b) Adjustment
of Performance Targets . With respect to those Performance Awards that are not intended to qualify as Performance-Based Awards (as
described below), the Committee shall have the authority at any time to make adjustments to performance targets for any outstanding Performance
Awards which the Committee deems necessary or desirable unless at the time of establishment of goals the Committee shall have precluded
its authority to make such adjustments. 

3 

(c) Payout .
Payment of earned Performance Awards shall be made in shares of Common Stock and shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions
prescribed or authorized by the Committee. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit a Participant to elect to defer the receipt
of any Performance Award based upon a performance period of at least 12 months, provided that the Participant performed services continuously
from a date no later than the date upon which the performance criteria are established through a date no earlier than the date upon which
the Participant makes such deferral election. An election to defer the receipt of a Performance Award must be made no later than the
date that is six months before the end of the performance period, provided that in no event may an election to defer a Performance Award
be made after such Performance Award has become both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable. Notwithstanding the
foregoing to the contrary, a Participant shall not be permitted to elect to defer the receipt of a Performance Award unless such election
complies with Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulations, Rulings and Notices of Internal Revenue Service IRS issued
thereunder. 

8. Performance-Based
Awards 

(a) In
General . Certain Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the Plan, and the compensation attributable to such Awards, are
intended to (i) qualify as Performance-Based Awards (as defined in the next sentence) or (ii) be otherwise exempt from the deduction
limitation imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code. Certain Awards granted under the Plan may be granted in a manner such that Awards qualify
as performance-based compensation (as such term is used in Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder) and
thus be exempt from the deduction limitation imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code Performance-Based Awards ). Awards may
only qualify as Performance-Based Awards if at the time of grant the Committee is comprised solely of two or more outside directors 
(as such term is used in Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder). 

(b) Other
Performance-Based Awards . Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the Plan should qualify as Performance-Based Awards if,
as determined by the Committee, in its discretion, either the granting or vesting of such Award is subject to the achievement of a performance
target or targets based on one or more of the performance measures specified in Section 8(c) below. With respect to such Awards intended
to qualify as Performance-Based Awards: 

i. the
Committee shall establish in writing (x) the objective performance-based goals applicable to a given period and (y) the individual employees
or class of employees to which such performance-based goals apply no later than 90 days after the commencement of such period (but in
no event after 25 of such period has elapsed); 

ii. no
Performance-Based Awards shall be payable to or vest with respect to, as the case may be, any Participant for a given period until the
Committee certifies in writing that the objective performance goals (and any other material terms) applicable to such period have been
satisfied; and 

iii. after
the establishment of a performance goal, the Committee shall not revise such performance goal or increase the amount of compensation
payable thereunder (as determined in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code) upon the attainment of such performance goal. 

4 

(c) Performance
Measures . The Committee may use the following performance measures (either individually or in any combination) to set performance
targets with respect to Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based Awards: net sales; pretax income before allocation of corporate
overhead and bonus; budget; earnings per share; net income; division, group, or corporate financial goals; return on shareholders 
equity; return on assets; return on net assets; return on investment capital; gross margin return on investment; gross margin dollars
or percent; payroll as a percentage of sales; inventory shrink; inventory turnover; employee turnover; sales, general, and administrative
expense; attainment of strategic and operational initiatives; appreciation in and/or maintenance of the price of Common Stock or any
other publicly-traded securities of the Company, if any; market share; gross profits; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization; economic value-added models; comparisons with various stock market indices; and/or reductions
in costs. The foregoing criteria shall have any reasonable definitions that the Committee may specify, which may include or exclude any
or all of the following items as the Committee may specify: extraordinary, unusual, or non-recurring items; effects of accounting changes;
effects of financing activities; expenses for restructuring or productivity initiatives; other non-operating items; spending for acquisitions;
effects of divestitures; and effects of litigation activities and settlements. Any such performance criterion or combination of such
criteria may apply to the Participant s Award opportunity in its entirety or to any designated portion or portions of the Award
opportunity, as the Committee may specify. 

9. Adjustment
Provisions 

If
there shall be any change in Common Stock of the Company, through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend,
stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, dividend in kind, or other like change
in capital structure or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to shareholders of the Company, in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of Participants rights under the Plan, the Committee shall have the authority to adjust, in an equitable manner,
the number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan, the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards, and the
Fair Market Value of Common Stock and other value determinations applicable to outstanding Awards. Appropriate adjustments may also be
made by the Committee in the terms of any Awards under the Plan to reflect such changes or distributions and to modify any other terms
of outstanding Awards on an equitable basis, including modifications of performance targets and changes in the length of performance
periods. In addition, other than with respect to Awards intended to constitute Performance-Based Awards, the Committee is authorized
to make adjustments to the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events
affecting the Company or any of its Affiliates or the financial statements of the Company, or in response to changes in applicable laws,
regulations, or accounting principles. 

10. Change
In Control 

(a) Accelerated
Vesting . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award agreement, if there
is a Change in Control of the Company (as defined below), all unvested Awards granted under the Plan shall become fully vested immediately
upon the occurrence of the Change in Control and such vested Awards shall be paid out or settled, as applicable, within 60 days upon
the occurrence of the Change in Control, subject to requirements of applicable laws and regulations. The Committee shall have full discretion,
notwithstanding anything herein or in an Award agreement to the contrary, with respect to an outstanding Award, upon the merger or consolidation
or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, to provide that the securities of another entity
may be substituted hereunder for the shares of Common Stock and to make equitable adjustment with respect thereto. 

5 

(b) Definition .
For purposes of this Section 10, (i) if there is an employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement between the Participant
and the Company or any of its Affiliates in effect (for the avoidance of doubt, any Change of Control Agreement between the Participant
and the Company shall not be considered an employment agreement, offer letter, or director agreement for the purposes of this Plan),
 Change in Control shall have the same definition as the definition of Change in Control contained in such
employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement; or (ii) if Change in Control is not defined in or if
there is no such employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of
its Affiliates in effect, Change in Control of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred upon any of the following events: 

i. The
acquisition by any individual, entity, or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of either (i) the then-outstanding
shares of Common Stock (the Outstanding Company Common Stock or (ii) the combined voting power of the then outstanding
voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities );
provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (a)
any acquisition directly from the Company, (b) any acquisition by the Company, (c) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related
trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company, or (d) any acquisition by any corporation
pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (a), (b) and (c) of subsection (ii) of this Section 10(b); or 

ii. Consummation
of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, or sale, or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (a
 Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (a) all or substantially all of the individuals
and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities
immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then-outstanding
shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation
which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through
one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of
the Outstanding Company Common Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be; (b) no Person (excluding any corporation
resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation resulting
from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares
of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination, or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting
securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (c) at least a
majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent
Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination;
or 

iii. Approval
by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

6 

11. Termination
of Employment or Membership on the Board 

(a) Membership
on the Board . A non-employee director s membership on the Board is considered terminated in the event of his
or her (i) Removal; (ii) not being re-nominated for membership on the Board for the next succeeding period; (iii) being nominated for
membership on the Board for the next succeeding period but not being reelected for membership on the Board for such period by the Company s
shareholders; or (iv) resignation from the Board, in any such case, prior to the actual vesting or lapse of any other forfeiture restrictions,
as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. Removal for purposes of this provision shall mean the removal
of a non-employee director from the Board, with or without cause, in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation,
bylaws, or the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

(b) Death
or Disability . Subject to any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates, if a Participant s
employment or membership on the Board is terminated due to death or Disability (as defined below): 

i. all
unvested Stock Awards held by the Participant on the date of the Participant s termination of employment or membership on the Board
due to death or the date of the termination of his or her employment or membership on the Board related to Disability, as the case may
be, shall immediately be forfeited as of such date; and 

ii. all
unearned and/or unvested Performance Awards held by the Participant on the date of the Participant s termination of employment
due to death or the date of the termination of his or her employment related to Disability, as the case may be, shall be treated as follows: 

A. Unearned
and/or unvested Performance Awards with performance periods of greater than one year for which the Participant has completed a minimum
of at least one year into a performance period shall immediately become earned or vested as of such date and shall be paid out and/or
settled based on the Company s and/or Participant s performance immediately prior to the date of the Participant s
termination of employment or membership on the Board due to death or the date of the termination of his or her employment or membership
on the Board related to Disability on a pro-rated basis; and 

B. All
other unearned and/or unvested Performance Awards shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant as of such date. 

(c) Other
Termination . Subject to any written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates, if a Participant s
employment or membership on the Board is terminated for any reason, including without limitation, retirement, other than due to death
or Disability, all unearned or unvested Awards held by the Participant on the date of the termination of his or her employment or membership
on the Board shall immediately be forfeited by such Participant as of such date. 

7 

(d) Discretionary
Accelerated Vesting . Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, the Committee may, in its discretion, provide
that any or all unvested Stock Awards held by the Participant on the date of the Participant s death and/or the date of the termination
of the Participant s employment or membership on the Board shall immediately become vested as of such date. 

(e) Disability
Definition . For the purposes of this Section 11, (i) if there is an employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement
between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates in effect (for the avoidance of doubt, any Change of Control Agreement
between the Participant and the Company shall not be considered an employment agreement, offer letter, or director agreement for the
purposes of this Plan), Disability shall have the same definition as the definition of Disability contained
in such employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement; or (ii) if Disability is not defined in such
employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director agreement or if there is no employment agreement, at will offer letter, or director
agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Affiliates in effect, Disability shall mean the following,
as may be further modified or supplemented by the Committee in its sole discretion: As a result of the Participant s physical or
mental illness, the Participant is absent from the Participant s duties with the Company on a full-time basis for three consecutive
months, and within 30 days after written Notice of Termination (as defined below) is given, the Participant does not return to the full-time
performance of the Participant s duties. For purposes of this Plan, a Notice of Termination shall mean a written
notice from the Company which indicates that the Participant has been determined to have Disability within the definition of this Section
11(e) and which sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for such determination. 

12. Section
409A of the Code 

(a) Awards
under the Plan are intended either to be exempt from the rules of Section 409A of the Code or to satisfy those rules and shall be construed
accordingly. However, the Company shall not be liable to any Participant or other holder of an Award with respect to any Award-related
adverse tax consequences arising under Section 409A or other provision of the Code. 

(b) If
any provision of the Plan or an Award agreement contravenes any regulations or Treasury guidance promulgated under Code Section 409A
or could cause an Award to be subject to the interest and penalties under Code Section 409A, such provision of the Plan or Award shall
be deemed automatically modified to maintain, to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent of the applicable provision without
violating the provisions of Code Section 409A. Moreover, any discretionary authority that the Committee may have pursuant to the Plan
shall not be applicable to an Award that is subject to Code Section 409A to the extent such discretionary authority will contravene Section
409A or the regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder. 

8 

(c) Notwithstanding
any provisions of this Plan or any Award granted hereunder to the contrary, no acceleration shall occur with respect to any Award to
the extent such acceleration would cause the Plan or an Award granted hereunder to fail to comply with Code Section 409A. 

(d) Notwithstanding
any provisions of this Plan or any applicable Award agreement to the contrary, no payment shall be made with respect to any Award granted
under this Plan to a specified employee (as such term is defined for purposes of Code Section 409A) prior to the six-month
anniversary of the employee s separation of service to the extent such six-month delay in payment is required to comply with Code
Section 409A. 

13. Transferability 

Each
Award granted under the Plan to a Participant shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the discretion of the Committee, an Award may permit the transferability of such Award by a Participant
solely to members of the Participant s immediate family or trusts or family partnerships for the benefit of such persons, subject
to any restriction included in the Award agreement. 

14. Other
Provisions 

Awards
granted under the Plan may also be subject to such other provisions (whether or not applicable to the Award granted to any other Participant)
as the Committee determines on the date of grant to be appropriate, including without limitation, for the forfeiture of, or restrictions
on resale or other disposition of, Common Stock acquired under any form of the Award, for the acceleration of vesting of Awards, or to
comply with federal and state securities laws, or understandings or conditions as to the Participant s employment or membership
on the Board, in addition to those specifically provided for under the Plan. The Committee shall have the authority to retract any Award
granted under the Plan in case of a material restatement of the financial statements of the Company or if it is otherwise determined
by the Committee that the previously granted Award was not earned by the Participant. 

15. Fair
Market Value 

For
purposes of this Plan and any Awards granted hereunder, Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any given date, the closing
price of a share of Common Stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or such other public trading market on which shares of Common Stock are
listed or quoted on that date. If there is no regular public trading market for shares of Common Stock, the Fair Market Value of a share
of Common Stock shall be determined by the Committee in good faith. In each case, the Fair Market Value shall be determined without regard
to whether shares of Common Stock are restricted or represent a minority interest. 

9 

16. Withholding 

All
payments or distributions of Awards made pursuant to the Plan shall be net of any amounts required to be withheld pursuant to applicable
federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements. If the Company proposes or is required to distribute Common Stock pursuant to
the Plan, it may require the Participant receiving such Common Stock to remit to it or to the Affiliate that employs such Participant
an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax withholding requirements prior to the delivery of any certificates for such Common Stock. In
lieu thereof, the Company or the Affiliate employing the Participant shall have the right to withhold the amount of such taxes from any
other sums due or to become due from the Company or the Affiliate, as the case may be, to the Participant receiving Common Stock, as
the Committee shall prescribe. The Committee may, in its discretion, and subject to such rules as the Committee may adopt (including
any as may be required to satisfy applicable tax and/or non-tax regulatory requirements), permit a Participant to pay all or a portion
of the federal, state and local withholding taxes arising in connection with any Award consisting of shares of Common Stock by electing
to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of tax to be withheld, such tax calculated
at rates required by statute or regulation. 

17. Tenure 

A
Participant s right, if any, to continue to serve the Company as an executive officer, non-employee director, other key employee,
or otherwise shall not be enlarged or otherwise affected by his or her designation as a Participant under the Plan. 

18. Unfunded
Plan 

Participants
shall have no right, title, or interest whatsoever in or to any investments which the Company may make to aid it in meeting its obligations
under the Plan. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create
a trust of any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, beneficiary, legal representative, or any other
person. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company under the Plan, such right shall be no greater
than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the Company. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds
of the Company and no special or separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such
amounts except as expressly set forth in the Plan. The Plan is not intended to be subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended. 

19. No
Fractional Shares 

No
fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine whether
cash, or Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional shares or whether such fractional shares or any rights
thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated. 

20. Duration 

(a) Amendment
and Termination . No Award shall be granted more than ten years after the Effective Date; provided, however, that the terms and conditions
applicable to any Award granted prior to such date may thereafter be amended or modified by mutual agreement between the Company and
the Participant or such other persons as may then have an interest therein. The Board or the Committee may amend the Plan from time to
time or suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. However, no action authorized by this Section 20 shall reduce the amount of any existing
Award or change the terms and conditions thereof without the Participant s consent, except as otherwise provided for in Section
9. No amendment of the Plan shall, without approval of the shareholders of the Company, (i) increase the total number of shares which
may be issued under the Plan; (ii) modify the requirements as to eligibility for Awards under the Plan; or (iii) otherwise materially
amend the Plan as provided in Nasdaq Marketplace Rules or the rules of another public trading market on which shares of Common Stock
are then listed or quoted. 

10 

21. Governing
Law 

THIS
PLAN, AWARDS GRANTED HEREUNDER AND ACTIONS TAKEN IN CONNECTION HEREWITH SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF DELAWARE (REGARDLESS OF THE LAW THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER APPLICABLE DELAWARE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS). 

22. Severability 

In
case any provision of this Plan shall be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

23. Effective
Date; Termination; Days 

(a) The
Plan shall be effective as of the date on which the Plan is approved by the shareholders of the Company at an annual meeting or any special
meeting of shareholders of the Company (the Effective Date and such approval of shareholders shall be a condition to the
right of each Participant to receive Awards hereunder. 

(b) This
Plan shall terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date (unless sooner terminated by the Board). 

(c) Any
reference to the word day or days herein shall mean calendar day or calendar days, respectively, unless otherwise
expressly provided. 

The
foregoing 2022 Restricted Stock Plan was duly adopted and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on August 9, 2022. 

LIMITLESS X HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 
 Jaspreet Mathur 

Its: 
 CEO 

11 

Exhibit
A 

RESTRICTED
STOCK AGREEMENT 

GRANTED TO: 
 [ ] 

DATE OF GRANT: 
 [ ] 

GRANTED PURSUANT TO: 
 Limitless X Holdings Inc. 2022 Restricted Stock Plan 

NUMBER OF SHARES: 
 [ ] 

VESTING SCHEDULE: 
 [ ] 

1. Restricted
Stock Agreement . This Restricted Stock Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of [ ] (the Date
of Grant between Limitless X Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [ ], as a participant
(the Participant in the Limitless X Holdings Inc. 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (the Plan ), a copy of which
is enclosed herewith. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Plan. 

2. Grant
of Restricted Stock . The Participant is granted [ ] shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Restricted Stock ).
The Restricted Stock is granted as provided for under the Plan and is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this
Agreement. The Restricted Stock granted hereunder is a matter of separate inducement and is not in lieu of salary or other compensation
for the services of a Participant to the Company or any of its Affiliates. 

3. Vesting .
This grant of Restricted Stock shall vest in accordance with the following schedule: 

[ The
Committee may provide for any vesting schedule it deems appropriate, from immediate vesting to any daily, monthly or yearly vesting up
to seven years and in combination with any or none of the performance measures permitted to be used under the Plan, either individually
or in any combination and with or without acceleration. Sample vesting language as follows: 

Subject
to the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement, the Restricted Stock shall vest during the term of Participant s employment in
four equal annual installments of 25 of the shares of Restricted Stock covered by this Agreement, the first installment to be exercisable
on the 12 month anniversary of the date of this Option (the Initial Vesting Date ), with an additional 25 of such shares
vesting on each of the three successive 12 month periods following the Initial Vesting Date. ] 

4. Restrictions
Prior to Vesting . The Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall be promptly issued and evidenced by a certificate or other document
which may be electronic for such shares issued in the Participant s name or by book entry at the Company s option. The Participant
shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock that are vested, including, but not limited
to, the right to vote such shares and to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to them; provided, however,
that the shares shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability in Sections 6 and 7 below. Unless otherwise provided in this
Section 4, the Company shall hold the certificate or other evidence of such shares until the date the restrictions on transferability
are removed in accordance with Section 6 below. The Company may, in its sole discretion and at any time prior to the date the restrictions
on transferability are removed in accordance with Sections 6 and 8 below, require (i) that the stock certificate or other evidence representing
such shares shall be imprinted with a legend stating that the shares represented thereby are restricted shares subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and, as such, may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of except
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and/or (ii) that the Participant shall, upon receipt of the certificate or other evidence
therefor, deposit such certificate or other evidence together with a stock power or other like instrument of transfer, appropriately
endorsed in blank, with an escrow agent designated by the Company, which may be the Company, its outside counsel, or its transfer agent
under a deposit agreement containing such terms and conditions as the Company shall approve, with the expenses of such escrow to be borne
by the Company. 

12 

5. Adjustment
Provisions . If under Section 9 of the Plan the Participant, as the owner of the shares of the Restricted Stock, shall be entitled
to new, additional, or different shares of stock or securities, (i) the Company may require that the certificate or certificates for,
or other evidences of, such new, additional, or different shares or securities, together with a stock power or other instrument of transfer
appropriately endorsed, shall be imprinted with a legend as provided in Section 4 above, be deposited by the Participant under the deposit
agreement provided for therein, and (ii) such certificate or certificates for, or other evidences of, such new, additional, or different
shares or securities shall be subject to the restrictions on transferability as provided in Sections 6 and 7 below. 

6. Removal
of Transfer Restrictions . The shares of the Restricted Stock shall be subject to restrictions on transferability. Subject to Section
8 below, such restrictions shall be removed from such shares according to the vesting schedule set forth above. Notwithstanding anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if there is a Change in Control of the Company, all unvested shares of Restricted Stock
granted under this Agreement shall become fully vested immediately upon the occurrence of the Change in Control and such vested shares
of Restricted Stock shall be paid out or settled, as applicable, within 60 days upon the occurrence of the Change in Control, subject
to requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 

7. No
Transfer . During the period when the Restricted Stock is subject to the restrictions on transferability, none of the shares of the
Restricted Stock subject to such restrictions shall be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of
except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any attempt by the Participant to dispose of any shares of the Restricted Stock
in any such manner shall result in the immediate forfeiture of such shares. 

8. Termination
of Employment or Membership on the Board . 

a. Death
or Disability . If the Participant s employment or membership on the Board, as applicable, is terminated due to death or Disability
all unvested shares of Restricted Stock held by the Participant on the date of the Participant s termination of employment or membership
on the Board due to death or the date of the termination of his or her employment related to Disability, as the case may be, shall immediately
be forfeited as of such date. 

b. Other
Termination . If a Participant s employment or membership on the Board, as applicable, is terminated for any reason, including,
without limitation, retirement, other than due to death or Disability, all unvested shares of Restricted Stock held by the Participant
on the date of the termination of his or her employment or membership on the Board, as applicable, shall immediately be forfeited by
such Participant as of such date. 

c. Discretionary
Accelerated Vesting . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Committee may, in its discretion,
provide that any or all unvested shares of Restricted Stock held by the Participant on the date of the Participant s death and/or
the date of the termination of the Participant s employment or membership on the Board, as applicable, shall immediately become
vested as of such date. 

13 

9. Tax
Withholding . All payments or distributions of an Award made pursuant to this Agreement shall be net of any amounts required to be
withheld pursuant to applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements. If the Company proposes or is required to distribute
Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement, it may require the Participant receiving such Common Stock to remit to it or to the Affiliate
that employs such Participant an amount sufficient to satisfy such tax withholding requirements prior to the delivery of any certificates
for such Common Stock. In lieu thereof, the Company or the Affiliate employing the Participant shall have the right to withhold the amount
of such taxes from any other sums due or to become due from the Company or the Affiliate, as the case may be, to the Participant receiving
Common Stock, as the Committee shall prescribe. The Committee may, in its discretion, and subject to such rules as the Committee may
adopt (including any as may be required to satisfy applicable tax and/or non-tax regulatory requirements), permit a Participant to pay
all or a portion of the federal, state, and local withholding taxes arising in connection with this Award consisting of shares of Common
Stock by electing to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount of tax to be withheld,
such tax calculated at rates required by statute or regulation. 

10. Legend .
If the Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine that it is necessary, to comply with applicable securities laws, the certificate
or other evidence representing any shares of Common Stock delivered to the Participant under this Agreement shall bear an appropriate
legend in form and substance, as determined by the Company, giving notice of applicable restrictions on transfer under or with respect
to such laws. Unless and until the shares of Common Stock delivered to the Participant under this Agreement are registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), all certificates representing such shares and any certificates
subsequently issued in substitution therefor and any certificate for any securities issued pursuant to any stock split, share reclassification,
stock dividend, or other similar capital event shall bear legends in substantially the following form: 

THESE
SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR OTHERWISE QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT OR UNDER THE APPLICABLE OR SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE,
UNLESS PURSUANT TO EXEMPTIONS THEREFROM. THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE RESTRICTED STOCK
AGREEMENT, DATED ____________, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE HOLDER WHICH RESTRICTS THE TRANSFER OF THESE SHARES WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO FORFEITURE
TO THE COMPANY UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS. 

Appropriate
stop transfer instructions with respect to such shares may be placed with the Company s transfer agent. 

14 

11. Securities
Act . The Participant covenants and agrees with the Company that if, with respect to any shares of Common Stock delivered to the Participant
pursuant to this Agreement, there does not exist a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act, which registration
statement shall have become effective and shall include, or shall be accompanied by, as applicable, a prospectus that is current with
respect to the shares of Common Stock subject to this Agreement, (i) he or she takes the shares of Common Stock for his or her own account
and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof, (ii) any subsequent offer for sale or sale of any such shares shall be made
either pursuant to (x) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act, which registration statement shall have
become effective and shall be current with respect to the shares being offered and sold, or (y) a specific exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, but in claiming such exemption, the Participant shall, prior to any offer for sale or sale of such
shares, obtain a favorable written opinion from counsel for or approved by the Company as to the applicability of such exemption and
(iii) the certificate or other evidence of such shares shall bear a legend to the effect of the foregoing. 

12. Conflicts .
This Agreement is subject to all terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions contained in the Plan, which shall be controlling in
the event of any conflicting or inconsistent provisions. In the event, however, of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement
or the Plan and the provisions of an employment or change-in-control agreement between the Company and the Participant, as applicable,
the provisions of the latter shall prevail. 

13. No
Employment Contract . This Agreement is not a contract of employment and the terms of the Participant s employment or membership
on the Board shall not be affected hereby or by any agreement referred to herein except to the extent specifically so provided herein
or therein. Nothing herein shall be construed to impose any obligation on the Company to continue the Participant s employment
or membership on the Board, and it shall not impose any obligation on the Participant s part to remain in the employ of the Company
or any of its Affiliates. 

14. Governing
Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORD WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, EXCLUDING PRINCIPLES OF
CONFLICTS OF LAW. 

15. Headings .
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

16. Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all signing parties had signed the same document.
All counterparts will be construed together and constitute the same instrument. 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have executed this Restricted Stock Agreement as of the date first written above. 

LIMITLESS X HOLDINGS INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jaspreet Mathur 

Title: 
 CEO 

ACCEPTED: 

By: 

Name: 

Name of Participant 

16 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit 4.3 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN 

1. Purpose 

This
Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the Plan is intended to further the growth and financial success of Limitless
X Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company by providing additional incentives to selected employees, directors,
and consultants to the Company or parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company as those terms are defined in Sections
424(e) and 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code (such parent corporations and subsidiary
corporations hereinafter collectively referred to as Affiliates so that such employees, directors, and consultants may
acquire or increase their proprietary interest in the Company. Stock options granted under the Plan (hereinafter Option(s) may be either Incentive Stock Options, as defined in Section 422A of the Code and any regulations promulgated under said
Section, or Nonstatutory Options at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board and
as reflected in the respective written stock option agreements granted pursuant hereto. 

2. Administration 

The
Plan shall be administered by the Board of the Company; provided however, that the Board may delegate such administration to a committee
of not fewer than three members (the Committee ), at least two of whom are members of the Board and all of whom are disinterested
administrators, as contemplated by Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 16b-3 );
and provided further, that the foregoing requirement for disinterested administrators shall not apply prior to the date of the first
registration of any of the securities of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). 

Subject
to the provisions of the Plan, the Board and/or the Committee shall have authority to (a) grant, in its discretion, Incentive Stock Options
in accordance with Section 422A of the Code or Nonstatutory Options; (b) determine in good faith the fair market value of the stock covered
by an Option; (c) determine which eligible persons shall be granted Options and the number of shares to be covered thereby and the term
thereof; (d) construe and interpret the Plan; (e) promulgate, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to its administration,
and correct defects, omissions, and inconsistencies in the Plan or any Option; (f) consistent with the Plan and with the consent of the
optionee, as appropriate, amend any outstanding Option or amend the exercise date or dates thereof; (g) determine the duration and purpose
of leaves of absence which may be granted to optionholders without constituting termination of their employment for the purpose of the
Plan; and (h) make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the Plan s administration. The interpretation and construction
by the Board of any provisions of the Plan or of any Option shall be conclusive and final. No member of the Board or the Committee shall
be liable for any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Option. 

1 

3. Eligibility 

The
persons who shall be eligible to receive Options shall be employees, directors, or consultants of the Company or any of its Affiliates Optionees ). The term consultant shall mean any person who is engaged by the Company to render services and is compensated
for such services, and any director of the Company whether or not compensated for such services; provided that, if the Company registers
any of its securities pursuant to the Act, the term consultant shall thereafter not include directors who are not compensated for their
services or are paid only a director fee by the Company. 

(a) Incentive
Stock Options . Incentive Stock Options may only be issued to employees of the Company or its Affiliates. Incentive Stock Options
may be granted to officers, whether or not they are directors, but a director shall not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless such
director is also an employee of the Company. Payment of a director fee shall not be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company.
Any grant of option to an officer or director of the Company subsequent to the first registration of any of the securities of the Company
under the Act shall comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3. An optionee may hold more than one Option. 

The
Company shall not grant an Incentive Stock Option under the Plan to any employee if such grant would result in such employee holding
the right to exercise for the first time in any one calendar year, under all options granted to such employee under the Plan or any other
stock option plan maintained by the Company or any Affiliate, with respect to shares of stock having an aggregate fair market value,
determined as of the date of the Option is granted, in excess of 100,000. Should it be determined that an Incentive Stock Option granted
under the Plan exceeds such maximum for any reason other than a failure in good faith to value the stock subject to such option, the
excess portion of such option shall be considered a Nonstatutory Option. If, for any reason, an entire option does not qualify as an
Incentive Stock Option by reason of exceeding such maximum, such option shall be considered a Nonstatutory Option. 

(b) Nonstatutory
Option . The provisions of the foregoing Section 3(a) shall not apply to any option designated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option
Agreement or which sets forth the intention of the parties that the option be a Nonstatutory Option. 

4. Stock 

The
stock subject to Options shall be the shares of the Company s authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock (the Stock ). 

(a) Number
of Shares . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 5(h) of this Plan, the total number of shares of Stock which may be purchased
through exercise of Options granted under this Plan shall not exceed 25,000,000 shares. If any Option shall for any reason terminate
or expire, any shares allocated thereto but remaining unpurchased upon such expiration or termination shall again be available for the
grant of Options with respect thereto under this Plan as though no Option had been granted with respect to such shares. 

2 

(b)
 Reservation of Shares . The Company shall reserve and keep available at all times during
the term of the Plan such number of shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. If, after reasonable efforts,
which efforts shall not include the registration of the Plan or Options under the Act, the Company is unable to obtain authority from
any applicable regulatory body, which authorization is deemed necessary by legal counsel for the Company for the lawful issuance of shares
hereunder, the Company shall be relieved of any liability with respect to its failure to issue and sell the shares for which such requisite
authority was so deemed necessary unless and until such authority is obtained. 

5. Terms
and Conditions of Options 

Options
granted hereunder shall be evidenced by agreements between the Company and the respective Optionees, in such form and substance as the
Board or Committee shall from time to time approve. Such agreements need not be identical, and in each case may include such provisions
as the Board or Committee may determine, but all such agreements shall be subject to and limited by the following terms and conditions: 

(a)
 Number of Shares . Each Option shall state the number of shares to which it pertains. 

(b)
 Option Price . Each Option shall state the Option Price, which shall be determined as
follows: 

(i)
 Any Option granted to a person who at the time the Option is granted owns (or is deemed to
own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of value of all classes
of stock of the Company, or of any Affiliate, 10 Holder shall have an Option Price of no less than 110 of the fair
market value of the common stock as of the date of grant; 

(ii)
 Incentive Stock Options granted to a person who at the time the Option is granted is not a
10 Holder shall have an Option price of no less than 100 of the fair market value of the common stock as of the date of grant; and 

(iii)
 Nonstatutory Options granted to a person who at the time the Option is granted is not a 10 
Holder shall have an Option Price determined by the Board as of the date of grant. 

For
the purposes of this Section 5(b), the fair market value shall be as determined by the Board, in good faith, which determination shall
be conclusive and binding; provided however, that if there is a public market for such stock, the fair market value per share shall be
the average of the bid and asked prices on the date of grant of the Option, or if listed on a stock exchange, the closing price on such
exchange on such date of grant. 

3 

(c)
 Medium and Time of Payment . To the extent permissible by applicable law, the Option
price shall be paid, at the discretion of the Board, at either the time of grant or the time of exercise of the Option (i) in cash or
by check, (ii) by delivery of other common stock of the Company, provided such tendered stock was not acquired directly or indirectly
from the Company, or, if acquired from the Company, has been held by the Optionee for more than six months, or (iii) such other form
of legal consideration permitted by federal and state law as may be acceptable to the Board. 

(d)
 Term and Exercise of Options . Any Option granted to a 10 Holder shall become exercisable
over a period of no longer than five years. Any Option otherwise granted to an Employee of the Company shall become exercisable over
a period of no longer than ten years. In no event shall any Option be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date it
is granted. Unless otherwise specified by the Board or the Committee in the resolution authorizing such option, the date of grant of
an Option shall be deemed to be the date upon which the Board or the Committee authorizes the granting of such Option. 

Each
Option shall be exercisable to the nearest whole share, in installments or otherwise, as the respective option agreements may provide.
During the lifetime of an Optionee, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Optionee and shall not be assignable or transferable
by the Optionee, and no other person shall acquire any rights therein. To the extent not exercised, installments (if more than one) shall
accumulate, but shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, only during the period for exercise as stated in the option agreement, whether
or not other installments are then exercisable. 

(e)
 Termination of Status as Employee, Director, or Consultant . If Optionee s status
as an employee, director, or consultant shall terminate for any reason, then the Optionee (or if the Optionee shall die after such termination,
but prior to exercise, Optionee s personal representative or the person entitled to succeed to the Option) shall have the right
to exercise any vested Options, in whole or in part, at any time after such termination during the remaining term of the Option; provided,
however, that the Board may specify a shorter period for exercise following termination as the Board deems reasonable and appropriate,
but not shorter than 12 months in the event Optionee s termination was caused by permanent disability within the meaning of Section
22(e)(3) of the Code. The Option may be exercised only with respect to installments that the Optionee could have exercised at the date
of termination of employment. Nothing contained herein or in any Option granted pursuant hereto shall be construed to affect or restrict
in any way the right of the Company to terminate the employment of an Optionee with or without cause. 

(f)
 Death of Optionee . If an Optionee dies while employed or engaged as a director or consultant
by the Company or an Affiliate, the portion of such Optionee s Option or Options which were exercisable at the date of death may
be exercised, in whole or in part, by the estate of the decedent or by a person succeeding to the right to exercise such Option or Options,
at any time within the remaining term of the Option, but only to the extent, that Optionee could have exercised the Option as of the
date of Optionee s death; provided, in any case, that the Option may be so exercised only to the extent that the Option has not
previously been exercised by Optionee. 

(g)
 Nontransferability of Option . No Option shall be transferable by the Optionee, except
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 

4 

(h)
 Recapitalization . Subject to any required action by the shareholders, the number of
shares of common stock covered by each outstanding Option, and the price per share thereof set forth in each such Option, shall be proportionately
adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of common stock of the Company resulting from a subdivision or consolidation
of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, or any other increase or decrease in the number of such shares effected without receipt
of consideration by the Company. 

Subject
to any required action by the shareholders, if the Company shall be the surviving entity in any merger or consolidation, each outstanding
Option thereafter shall pertain to and apply to the securities to which a holder of shares of common stock equal to the shares subject
to the Option would have been entitled by reason of such merger or consolidation. A dissolution or liquidation of the Company or a merger
or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity shall cause each outstanding Option to terminate on the effective date
of such dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation. In such event, if the entity which shall be the surviving entity does not
tender to Optionee an offer, for which it has no obligation to do so, to substitute for any unexercised Option, a stock option or capital
stock of such surviving entity, as applicable, which on an equitable basis shall provide the Optionee with substantially the same economic
benefit as such unexercised Option, then the Board may grant to such Optionee, but shall not be obligated to do so, the right for a period
commencing 30 days prior to and ending immediately prior to such dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation or during the remaining
term of the Option, whichever is the lesser, to exercise any unexpired Option or Options, without regard to the installment provisions
of Section 5(d) of this Plan; provided, that any such right granted shall be granted to all Optionees not receiving an offer to substitute
on a consistent basis, and provided further, that any such exercise shall be subject to the consummation of such dissolution, liquidation,
merger, or consolidation. 

In
the event of a change in the common stock of the Company as presently constituted, which is limited to a change of all of its authorized
shares without par value into the same number of shares with a par value, the shares resulting from any such change shall be deemed to
be the common stock within the meaning of this Plan. 

To
the extent that the foregoing adjustments relate to stock or securities of the Company, such adjustments shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding, and conclusive. Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(h), the Optionee
shall have no rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock or any class or the payment of any stock dividend
or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class, and the number or price of shares of common stock subject
to any Option shall not be affected by, and no adjustment shall be made by reason of, any dissolution, liquidation, merger or consolidation,
or any issue by the Company of shares of stock of any class or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class. 

The
grant of an Option pursuant to the Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make any adjustments, reclassifications,
reorganizations, or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate or to sell or transfer
all or any part of its business or assets. 

5 

(i)
 Rights as a Shareholder . An Optionee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect
to any shares covered by an Option until the date of the exercise of the Option, including payment and execution of all documents required
therefor (the Exercise Date ). No adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities,
or other property) or distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the Exercise Date, except as expressly provided
in Section 5(h) hereof. 

(j)
 Modification, Acceleration, Extension, and Renewal of Options . Subject to the terms
and conditions and within the limitations of the Plan, the Board may modify an Option, or once an Option is exercisable, accelerate the
rate at which it may be exercised, and may extend or renew outstanding Options granted under the Plan or accept the surrender of outstanding
Options (to the extent not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of new Options in substitution for such Options, provided
such action is permissible under Section 422A of the Code and state law. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 5(j), however, no modification of an Option shall, without the consent of the Optionee, alter
to the Optionee s detriment or impair any rights or obligations under any Option theretofore granted under the Plan. 

(k)
 Investment Intent . Unless and until the issuance and sale of the shares subject to the
Plan are registered under the Act, each Option under the Plan shall provide that the purchases of stock thereunder shall be for investment
purposes and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. Further, unless the issuance and sale of
the stock have been registered under the Act, each Option shall provide that no shares shall be purchased upon the exercise of such Option
unless and until (i) any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies shall have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel, and (ii) if requested to do so by the Company, the person exercising the Option
shall (A) give written assurances as to the knowledge and experience of such person (or a representative employed by such person) in
financial and business matters and the ability of such person (or representative) to evaluate the merits and risks of exercising the
Option, and (B) execute and deliver to the Company a letter of investment intent, all in such form and substance as the Company may require.
If shares are issued upon exercise of an Option without registration under the Act, subsequent registration of such shares shall relieve
the purchaser thereof of any investment restrictions or representations made upon the exercise of such Options. 

(l)
 Exercise Before Exercise Date . At the discretion of the Board, the Option may, but need
not, include a provision whereby the Optionee may elect to exercise all or any portion of the Option prior to the stated exercise date
of the Option or any installment thereof. Any shares so purchased prior to the stated exercise date shall be subject to repurchase by
the Company upon termination of Optionee s employment as contemplated by Sections 5(e), 5(f), and 5(g) hereof prior to the exercise
date stated in the Option and such other restrictions and conditions as the Board or Committee may deem advisable. 

(m)
 Other Provisions . The Option agreements authorized under this Plan shall contain such
other provisions, including, without limitation, restrictions upon the exercise of the Options, as the Board or the Committee shall deem
advisable. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option, if the exercise of such Option or the issuance of shares
thereunder would violate, in the opinion of legal counsel for the Company, the provisions of any applicable law or the rules or regulations
of any applicable governmental or administrative agency or body, such as the Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the rules promulgated
under the foregoing or the rules and regulations of any exchange upon which the shares of the Company are listed. 

6 

6. Availability
of Information 

During
the term of the Plan and any additional period during which an Option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be exercisable, the Company
shall make available, not later than 120 days following the close of each of its fiscal years, such financial and other information regarding
the Company as is required by the bylaws of the Company and applicable law to be furnished to the shareholders of the Company. 

7. Effectiveness
of Plan; Expiration 

Subject
to approval by the shareholders of the Company, this Plan shall be deemed effective as of the date it is adopted by the Board. The Plan
shall expire on August 9, 2032, but such expiration shall not affect the validity of outstanding Options. 

8. Amendment
and Termination of the Plan 

The
Board may, insofar as permitted by law, from time to time, with respect to any shares at the time not subject to Options, suspend or
terminate the Plan or revise or amend it in any respect whatsoever, except that without the approval of the shareholders of the Company,
no such revision or amendment shall (i) increase the number of shares subject to the Plan, (ii) decrease the price at which Options may
be granted, (iii) materially increase the benefits to Optionees, or (iv) change the class of persons eligible to receive Options under
this Plan; provided, however, no such action shall alter or impair the rights and obligations under any Option outstanding as of the
date thereof without the written consent of the Optionee thereunder. No Option may be granted while the Plan is suspended or after it
is terminated, but the rights and obligations under any Option granted while the Plan is in effect shall not be impaired by suspension
or termination of the Plan. 

9. Indemnification
of Board 

In
addition to such other rights or indemnifications as they may have as directors or otherwise, and to the extent allowed by applicable
law, the members of the Board and the Committee shall be indemnified by the Company against the reasonable expenses, including attorneys 
fees, actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with
any appeal thereof, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken, or failure to act, under or in connection
with the Plan or any Option granted thereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement
is approved by independent legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such claim, action,
suit or proceeding, except in any case in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in such claim, action, suit or proceeding
that such Board member is liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his or her duties; provided that within 60 days after
institution of any such action, suit or Board proceeding the member involved shall offer the Company, in writing, the opportunity, at
its own expense, to handle and defend the same. 

7 

10. Application
of Funds 

The
proceeds received by the Company from the sale of common stock pursuant to the exercise of Options will be used for general corporate
purposes. 

11. No
Obligation to Exercise Option 

The
granting of an Option shall impose no obligation upon the Optionee to exercise such Option. 

12. Notices 

All
notice, requests, demands, and other communications pursuant to this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, or on the fifth day following the mailing thereof
to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, or at the time and date of
transmission by e-mail if such transmission is between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on a business day business
hours and if not transmitted during business hours, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the next business day following transmission. 

13. Definition
of Days 

When
used herein, the word days refers to calendar days and the phrase business days refers to all days other
than Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays defined by the IRC, or, if not defined by the IRC, as defined by the State of California. 

The
foregoing Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan was duly adopted and approved by the Board of Directors on August 9, 2022, and
approved by the shareholders of the Company on August 9, 2022. 

Jaspreet Mathur, CEO 

8 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN 

 NOTICE
AND AGREEMENT 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Limitless X Holdings Inc. 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Incentive Stock Option Agreement (including all Exhibits hereto, the Option Agreement ). 

NOTICE
OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Name of Optionee: 

Address: 

The
undersigned Optionee has been granted an Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Option ), subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Total Number of Options Granted: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Term/Expiration Date: 

Subject
to earlier termination as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

Vesting
Schedule : 

This
Option shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, according to the following vesting schedule: 

One
thirty-sixth of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest each month on the same day of the month as the Vesting Commencement Date
subject to Optionee continuing to be an employee through each such date. 

Termination
Period : 

This
Option shall be exercisable for three months after Optionee ceases to be an employee, unless such termination is due to Optionee s
death or permanent disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for 12 months after Optionee ceases to be an employee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and
this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in the Plan. 

1 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN 

 INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of the Date of Grant specified in the Notice
of Incentive Stock Option Grant (the Grant Notice ), by and between Limitless X Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
 Company ), and the Optionee name in the Grant Notice, with reference to the following recitals of facts: 

WHEREAS,
the Board has authorized the granting to Optionee of an incentive stock option Option to purchase shares of Common Stock
of the Company (the Shares upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated; 

WHEREAS,
the Board and stockholders of the Company have heretofore adopted a 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the Plan ),
pursuant to which this Option is being granted; and 

WHEREAS,
it is the intention of the parties that this Option be an Incentive Stock Option (a Qualified Stock Option ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Term
of Option; Continuation of Employment . This Option shall expire, and all rights hereunder to purchase the Shares shall terminate,
ten years from the date hereof. This Option shall earlier terminate as set forth in Sections 4 and 5 hereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be construed to interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the employment of Optionee or to increase or decrease
the compensation of Optionee from the rate in existence at the date hereof. 

2. Vesting
of Option . Subject to the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 hereof, this Option shall vest and become exercisable during the term of
Optionee s employment as set forth in the Grant Notice. 

3. Exercise .
In order to exercise this Option with respect to all or any part of the Shares for which this Option is at the time exercisable, Optionee
must take the following actions: 

(a)
 Execute and deliver to the Company a written notice of exercise stating the number of Shares
being purchased (in whole shares only) and such other information set forth on the form of Notice of Exercise attached hereto as Appendix
A; 

(b) Pay
the aggregate Exercise Price for the purchased shares in one or more of the following forms: 

(i) Cash
or check made payable to the Company; 

1 

(ii) Should
the Common Stock be registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act at
the time the Option is exercised, then the Exercise Price may also be paid as follows: 

(1)
 In shares of Common Stock held by Optionee for the requisite period necessary to avoid a charge
to the Company s earnings for financial reporting purposes and valued at Fair Market Value on the Exercise Date; or 

(2) To
the extent the Option is exercised for vested Shares, through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee shall
concurrently provide irrevocable instructions (a) to a Company-approved brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of the purchased
shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise
Price payable for the purchased shares plus all applicable Federal, State and local income and employment taxes required to be withheld
by the Company by reason of such exercise; and (b) to the Company to deliver the certificates for the purchased shares directly to such
brokerage firm in order to complete the sale (a cashless exercise transaction ); 

(iii) Notwithstanding
any provisions herein to the contrary, if the Fair Market Value of one share of the Company s Common Stock is greater than the
Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), in lieu of exercising this Option by payment of cash, the Optionee may
elect to receive shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Option (or the portion thereof being canceled) by surrender
of this Option at the principal office of the Company together with the properly endorsed Notice of Exercise in which event the Company
shall issue to the Optionee a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y (A-B) 

A 

Where
X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Optionee 

Y
= the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Option or, if only a portion of
the Option is being exercised, the portion of the Option being canceled (at the date of such calculation) 

A
= the Fair Market Value of one share of the Company s Common Stock (at the date of such
calculation) 

B
= Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation) 

(c) Execute
and deliver to the Company such written representations as may be requested by the Company in order for it to comply with the applicable
requirements of Federal and State securities laws; 

(d) Make
appropriate arrangements with the Company (or Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all Federal,
State, and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise, if any; and 

(e) If
requested, execute and deliver to the Company a written statement as provided for in Section 10 hereof. 

2 

4. Termination
of Employment . If Optionee shall cease to serve as an employee of the Company for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
Optionee shall have the right, during the remaining term of the Option, to exercise in whole or in part this Option to the extent, but
only to the extent, that this Option was exercisable as of the last day of employment, and had not previously been exercised; provided,
however, that the Board may specify a shorter period for exercise following termination as the Board deems reasonable and appropriate,
but not shorter than six months in the event Optionee s termination was caused by permanent disability within the meaning of Section
22(e)(3) of the Code. The Option may be exercised only with respect to installments that the Optionee could have exercised at the date
of termination of employment. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, all rights under this Option shall expire in any event on the date specified in Section 1 hereof. 

5. Death
of Optionee . If the Optionee shall die while an employee of the Company, Optionee s personal representative or the person entitled
to Optionee s rights hereunder may at any time during the remaining term of this Option, exercise this Option and purchase Shares
to the extent, but only to the extent, that Optionee could have exercised this Option as of the date of Optionee s death; provided,
in any case, that this Option may be so exercised only to the extent that this Option has not previously been exercised by Optionee. 

6. No
Rights as Stockholder . Optionee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares covered by any installment of this
Option until the Exercise Date and no adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the
Exercise Date except as provided in Section 7 hereof. 

7. Recapitalization .
Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by this Option, and the price per Share
thereof, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a subdivision or
consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, or any other increase or decrease in the number of such shares effected without
receipt of consideration by the Company; provided however that the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not
be deemed having been effected without receipt of consideration by the Company. 

In
the event of a proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving
entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, this Option shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation
of such proposed action, unless otherwise provided by the Board. The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without obligation,
declare that this Option shall terminate as of a date fixed by the Board and grant Optionee the right for a period commencing 30 days
prior to and ending immediately prior to such date, or during the remaining term of this Option, whichever occurs sooner, to exercise
this Option as to all or any part of the Shares, without regard to the installment provision of Section 2; provided, however, that such
exercise shall be subject to the consummation of such dissolution, liquidation, merger, consolidation or sale. 

3 

Subject
to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, if the Company shall be the surviving entity in any merger or consolidation,
this Option thereafter shall pertain to and apply to the securities to which a holder of Shares equal to the Shares subject to this Option
would have been entitled by reason of such merger or consolidation, and the vesting provisions of Section 2 shall continue to apply. 

In
the event of a change in the Shares of the Company as presently constituted, which is limited to a change of all of its authorized Shares
without par value into the same number of Shares with a par value, the Shares resulting from any such change shall be deemed to be the
Shares within the meaning of this Agreement. 

To
the extent that the foregoing adjustments relate to shares or securities of the Company, such adjustments shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding, and conclusive. Except as heretofore expressly provided, Optionee shall
have no rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of share of stock of any class or the payment of any stock dividend or any
other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class, and the number and price of shares subject to this Option shall
not be affected by, and no adjustments shall be made by reason of, any dissolution, liquidation, merger, or consolidation, or any issue
by the Company of shares of stock of any class or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class. 

The
grant of this Option shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations,
or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate or to sell or transfer all or any part
of its business or assets. 

8. Taxation
upon Exercise of Option . Optionee understands that, upon exercise of this Option, Optionee may recognize income, for federal and
state income tax purposes, in an amount equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares, determined as of the date of
exercise, exceeds the exercise price. The acceptance of the Shares by Optionee shall constitute an agreement by Optionee to report such
income in accordance with then applicable law and to cooperate with Company in establishing the amount of such income and corresponding
deduction to the Company for its income tax purposes. Withholding for federal or state income and employment tax purposes will be made,
if and as required by law, from Optionee s then current compensation, or, if such current compensation is insufficient to satisfy
withholding tax liability, the Company may require Optionee to make a cash payment to cover such liability as a condition of the exercise
of this Option. 

9. Modification,
Extension and Renewal of Options . The Board may modify, extend, or renew this Option or accept the surrender thereof (to the extent
not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of a new option in substitution therefore (to the extent not theretofore exercised),
subject at all times to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, no modification shall, without the consent
of the Optionee, alter to the Optionee s detriment or impair any rights of Optionee hereunder. 

4 

10. Investment
Intent; Restrictions on Transfer . Optionee represents and agrees that if Optionee exercises this Option in whole or in part, Optionee
will in each case acquire the Shares upon such exercise for the purpose of investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection
with, any distribution thereof; and that upon such exercise of this Option in whole or in part, Optionee (or any person or persons entitled
to exercise this Option under the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 hereof) shall furnish to the Company a written statement to such effect,
satisfactory to the Company in form and substance. The Company, at its option, may include a legend on each certificate representing
Shares issued pursuant to any exercise of this Option, stating in effect that such Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and that the transferability thereof is restricted. If the Shares represented by this
Option are registered under the Act, either before or after the exercise of this Option in whole or in part, the Optionee shall be relieved
of the foregoing investment representation (attached as Exhibit A) and agreement and shall not be required to furnish the Company with
the foregoing written statement. 

Optionee
further represents that Optionee has had access to the financial statements or books and records of the Company, has had the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company concerning its business, operations and financial condition, and to obtain additional information reasonably
necessary to verify the accuracy of such information, and further represents that Optionee has either such experience and knowledge in
investment, financial and business matters or has investments similar to the stock of the Company such that Optionee is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks thereof and has the capacity to protect his or her own interest in connection therewith. 

11. Notices .
All notice, requests, demands, and other communications pursuant to this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, or on the fifth day following the mailing
thereof to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, or at the time and
date of transmission by e-mail if such transmission is between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on a business day business
hours and if not transmitted during business hours, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the next business day following transmission
at the address last provided to the Company by Optionee for his or her employee records. 

12. Agreement
Subject to Plan; Applicable Law . This Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and shall be interpreted to comply therewith. A copy
of such Plan is available to Optionee, at no charge, at the principal office of the Company. Any provision of this Agreement inconsistent
with the Plan shall be considered void and replaced with the applicable provision of the Plan. This Agreement has been granted, executed,
and delivered in the State of California, and the interpretation and enforcement shall be governed by the laws thereof and subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts therein. 

(SIGNATURE
PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS) 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant. 

OPTIONEE 
 
 Limitless X Holdings
 Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

Signature 
 
 By: Jaspreet Mathur 

Its: CEO 

Print Name 

Address 1 

Address 2 

6 

Appendix
A 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

Limitless
X Holdings Inc. 

 9454
Wilshire Blvd., Suite 300 

 Beverly
Hills, CA 90212 

(1) 
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ____________________ shares of the Common Stock of Limitless X Holdings Inc. (the
 Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Option and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full,
together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase _____________________ shares of the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the
terms of the net exercise provisions set forth in Section 3(b)(iii) of the attached Option, and shall tender payment of all
applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as
is specified below: 

 ________________________ 

 Name 

 ________________________ 

 ________________________ 

 Address 

(3) The
undersigned represents that (i) the aforesaid shares of Common Stock are being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment
and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof and that the undersigned has no present intention
of distributing or reselling such shares; (ii) the undersigned is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition
and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision regarding its investment in
the Company; (iii) the undersigned is experienced in making investments of this type and has such knowledge and background in financial
and business matters that the undersigned is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment and protecting the undersigned s
own interests; (iv) the undersigned understands that the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Option have not been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions
of the Act, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent as expressed herein, and,
because such securities have not been registered under the Act, they must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the
Act or an exemption from such registration is available; (v) the undersigned is aware that the aforesaid shares of Common Stock may not
be sold pursuant to Rule 144 adopted under the Act unless certain conditions are met and until the undersigned has held the shares for
the number of years prescribed by Rule 144, that among the conditions for use of the Rule is the availability of current information
to the public about the Company and the Company has not made such information available and has no present plans to do so; and (vi) the
undersigned agrees not to make any disposition of all or any part of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock unless and until there is then
in effect a registration statement under the Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with said
registration statement, or the undersigned has provided the Company with an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company stating that
such registration is not required. 

Date 
 
 Signature 

Print name 

1 

EXHIBIT
A 

 INVESTMENT
REPRESENTATION STATEMENT 

OPTIONEE: 

COMPANY: 
 LIMITLESS X HOLDINGS INC. 

SECURITY: 
 COMMON STOCK 

NO. OF SHARES: 

DATE: 

In
connection with the above-listed Securities, the undersigned Optionee represents to the Company the following: 

a. Optionee
is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. Optionee is acquiring these Securities for investment for Optionee s
own account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the meaning
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). 

b. Optionee
acknowledges and understands that the Securities constitute restricted securities under the Act and have not been registered
under the Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature
of Optionee s investment intent as expressed herein. In this instance, Optionee understands that, in the view of the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if Optionee s representation
was predicated solely upon a present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains period specified under tax statutes,
for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, for a period of one year or any other
fixed period in the future. Optionee further understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered
under the Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Optionee further acknowledges and understands that the Company is
under no obligation to register the Securities. Optionee understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities shall be imprinted
with any legend required under applicable state securities laws. 

c. Optionee
is familiar with the provisions of Rule 701 and Rule 144, each promulgated under the Act, which, in substance, permit limited public
resale of restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly from the issuer thereof, in a non-public offering subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Rule 701 provides that if the issuer qualifies under Rule 701 at the time of the grant of
the Option to Optionee, the exercise shall be exempt from registration under the Act. In the event the Company becomes subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 90 days thereafter (or such longer period as any
market stand-off agreement may require) the Securities exempt under Rule 701 may be resold, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable
conditions specified by Rule 144, including in the case of affiliates (1) the availability of certain public information about the Company;
(2) the amount of Securities being sold during any three month period not exceeding specified limitations; (3) the resale being made
in an unsolicited broker s transaction, transactions directly with a market maker or riskless
principal transactions (as those terms are defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); and (4) the timely filing of a
Form 144, if applicable. 

1 

In
the event that the Company does not qualify under Rule 701 at the time of grant of the Option, then the Securities may be resold in certain
limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which may require (i) the availability of current public information about
the Company; (ii) the resale to occur more than a specified period after the purchase and full payment (within the meaning of Rule 144)
for the Securities; and (iii) in the case of the sale of Securities by an affiliate, the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Sections (2), (3), and (4) of the paragraph immediately above. 

d. Optionee
further understands that in the event all of the applicable requirements of Rule 701 or 144 are not satisfied, registration under the
Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption shall be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rules
144 and 701 are not exclusive, the Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement securities
other than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rules 144 or 701 shall have a substantial burden of proof in establishing
that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons and their respective brokers who participate
in such transactions do so at their own risk. Optionee understands that no assurances can be given that any other such registration exemption
shall be available in such event. 

OPTIONEE 

Signature 
 
 Date 

Print Name 

2 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN 

 NOTICE
AND AGREEMENT 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Limitless X Holdings Inc. 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (including all Exhibits hereto, the Option Agreement ). 

NOTICE
OF NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Name of Optionee: 

Address: 

The
undersigned Optionee has been granted an Option to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Option ), subject
to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 

Total Number of Options Granted: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Term/Expiration Date: 

Subject
to earlier termination as set forth in the Option Agreement. 

Vesting
Schedule : 

This
Option shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, according to the following vesting schedule: 

One
hundred percent of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest immediately upon the granting of the Option. 

Termination
Period : 

This
Option shall be exercisable for three months after Optionee ceases to be an employee, director, or consultant or otherwise engaged by
or with the Company, as the case may be, unless such termination is due to Optionee s death which has no limit on the exercise
period or Permanent Disability (as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3)) in which case this Option shall be exercisable for 12 months after
Optionee ceases to be an Optionee. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration
Date as provided above and this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in the Plan. 

1 

LIMITLESS
X HOLDINGS INC. 

 2022
INCENTIVE AND NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN 

 NONSTATUTORY
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

THIS
NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of the Date of Grant specified in the
Notice of Nonstatutory Stock Option Grant (the Grant Notice ), by and between Limitless X Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation Company ), and the Optionee named in the Grant Notice (referred to herein as the Optionee ), with reference
to the following recitals of facts: 

WHEREAS,
the Board has authorized the granting to Optionee of a nonstatutory stock option Option to purchase shares of Common
Stock of the Company (the Shares upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated; 

WHEREAS,
the Board and stockholders of the Company have heretofore adopted a 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan (the Plan ),
pursuant to which this Option is being granted; and 

WHEREAS,
it is the intention of the parties that this Option be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Term
of Option; Continuation of Employment or Engagement . This Option shall expire, and all rights hereunder to purchase the Shares shall
terminate, ten years from the date hereof. This Option shall earlier terminate as set forth in Sections 4 and 5 hereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be construed to interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the employment or engagement, as applicable,
of Optionee or to increase or decrease the compensation of Optionee (if any) from the rate in existence at the date hereof. 

2. Vesting
of Option . Subject to the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 hereof, this Option shall vest and become exercisable during the term of
Optionee s employment or engagement as set forth in the Grant Notice. 

3. Exercise .
In order to exercise this Option with respect to all or any part of the Shares for which this Option is at the time exercisable, Optionee
must take the following actions: 

(a) Execute
and deliver to the Company a written notice of exercise stating the number of Shares being purchased (in whole shares only) and such
other information set forth on the form of Notice of Exercise attached hereto as Appendix A; 

(b) Pay
the aggregate Exercise Price for the purchased shares in one or more of the following forms: 

(i) Cash or check made payable to the Company; 

1 

(ii) Should
the Common Stock be registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act at
the time the Option is exercised, then the Exercise Price may also be paid as follows: 

(1) In
shares of Common Stock held by Optionee for the requisite period necessary to avoid a charge to the Company s earnings for financial
reporting purposes and valued at Fair Market Value on the Exercise Date; or 

(2) To
the extent the Option is exercised for vested Shares, through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee shall
concurrently provide irrevocable instructions (a) to a Company-approved brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of the purchased
shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise
Price payable for the purchased shares plus all applicable Federal, State and local income and employment taxes required to be withheld
by the Company by reason of such exercise; and (b) to the Company to deliver the certificates for the purchased shares directly to such
brokerage firm in order to complete the sale (a cashless exercise transaction ); 

(iii) Notwithstanding
any provisions herein to the contrary, if the Fair Market Value of one share of the Company s Common Stock is greater than the
Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below), in lieu of exercising this Option by payment of cash, the Optionee may
elect to receive shares equal to the value (as determined below) of this Option (or the portion thereof being canceled) by surrender
of this Option at the principal office of the Company together with the properly endorsed Notice of Exercise in which event the Company
shall issue to the Optionee a number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y (A-B) 

A 

Where X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Optionee 

Y
 = the
 number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Option or, if only a portion of the
 Option is being exercised, the portion of the Option being canceled (at the date of such
 calculation) 

A
 = the
 Fair Market Value of one share of the Company s Common Stock (at the date of such calculation) 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation) 

(c) Execute
and deliver to the Company such written representations as may be requested by the Company in order for it to comply with the applicable
requirements of Federal and State securities laws; 

(d) Make
appropriate arrangements with the Company (or Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all Federal,
State, and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise, if any; and 

(e) If
requested, execute and deliver to the Company a written statement as provided for in Section 10 hereof. 

2 

4. Termination
of Employment or Engagement . If Optionee shall cease to serve as an employee, director, or consultant of the Company for any reason,
whether voluntarily or involuntarily, Optionee shall have the right, during the remaining term of the Option, to exercise in whole or
in part this Option to the extent, but only to the extent, that this Option was exercisable as of the last day of employment or engagement,
as applicable, and had not previously been exercised; provided, however, that the Board may specify a shorter period for exercise following
termination as the Board deems reasonable and appropriate, but not shorter than six months in the event Optionee s termination
was caused by permanent disability within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. The Option may be exercised only with respect
to installments that the Optionee could have exercised at the date of termination of employment or engagement. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, all rights under this Option shall expire in any event on the date specified in Section 1 hereof. 

5. Death
of Optionee . If the Optionee shall die while an employee, director, or consultant of the Company, Optionee s personal representative
or the person entitled to Optionee s rights hereunder may at any time during the remaining term of this Option, exercise this Option
and purchase Shares to the extent, but only to the extent, that Optionee could have exercised this Option as of the date of Optionee s
death; provided, in any case, that this Option may be so exercised only to the extent that this Option has not previously been exercised
by Optionee. 

6. No
Rights as Stockholder . Optionee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares covered by any installment of this
Option until the Exercise Date and no adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the
Exercise Date except as provided in Section 7 hereof. 

7. Recapitalization .
Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by this Option, and the price per Share
thereof, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a subdivision or
consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, or any other increase or decrease in the number of such shares affected without
receipt of consideration by the Company; provided however that the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not
be deemed having been effected without receipt of consideration by the Company. 

In
the event of a proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving
entity, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, this Option shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation
of such proposed action, unless otherwise provided by the Board. The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion and without obligation,
declare that this Option shall terminate as of a date fixed by the Board and grant Optionee the right for a period commencing 30 days
prior to and ending immediately prior to such date, or during the remaining term of this Option, whichever occurs sooner, to exercise
this Option as to all or any part of the Shares, without regard to the installment provision of Section 2; provided, however, that such
exercise shall be subject to the consummation of such dissolution, liquidation, merger, consolidation or sale. 

3 

Subject
to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, if the Company shall be the surviving entity in any merger or consolidation,
this Option thereafter shall pertain to and apply to the securities to which a holder of Shares equal to the Shares subject to this Option
would have been entitled by reason of such merger or consolidation, and the vesting provisions of Section 2 shall continue to apply. 

In
the event of a change in the Shares of the Company as presently constituted, which is limited to a change of all of its authorized Shares
without par value into the same number of Shares with a par value, the Shares resulting from any such change shall be deemed to be the
Shares within the meaning of this Agreement. 

To
the extent that the foregoing adjustments relate to shares or securities of the Company, such adjustments shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding, and conclusive. Except as heretofore expressly provided, Optionee shall
have no rights by reason of any subdivision or consolidation of share of stock of any class or the payment of any stock dividend or any
other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class, and the number and price of shares subject to this Option shall
not be affected by, and no adjustments shall be made by reason of, any dissolution, liquidation, merger or consolidation, or any issue
by the Company of shares of stock of any class or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class. 

The
grant of this Option shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations,
or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate or to sell or transfer all or any part
of its business or assets. 

8. Taxation
upon Exercise of Option . Optionee understands that, upon exercise of this Option, Optionee may recognize income, for federal and
state income tax purposes, in an amount equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value of the Shares, determined as of the date of
exercise, exceeds the exercise price. The acceptance of the Shares by Optionee shall constitute an agreement by Optionee to report such
income in accordance with then applicable law and to cooperate with Company in establishing the amount of such income and corresponding
deduction to the Company for its income tax purposes. Withholding for federal or state income and employment tax purposes will be made,
if and as required by law, from Optionee s then current compensation, or, if such current compensation is insufficient to satisfy
withholding tax liability, the Company may require Optionee to make a cash payment to cover such liability as a condition of the exercise
of this Option. 

9. Modification,
Extension and Renewal of Options . The Board may modify, extend, or renew this Option or accept the surrender thereof (to the extent
not theretofore exercised) and authorize the granting of a new option in substitution therefore (to the extent not theretofore exercised),
subject at all times to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 9, no modification shall, without the consent
of the Optionee, alter to the Optionee s detriment or impair any rights of Optionee hereunder. 

4 

10. Investment
Intent; Restrictions on Transfer . Optionee represents and agrees that if Optionee exercises this Option in whole or in part, Optionee
will in each case acquire the Shares upon such exercise for the purpose of investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection
with, any distribution thereof; and that upon such exercise of this Option in whole or in part, Optionee (or any person or persons entitled
to exercise this Option under the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 hereof) shall furnish to the Company a written statement to such effect,
satisfactory to the Company in form and substance. The Company, at its option, may include a legend on each certificate representing
Shares issued pursuant to any exercise of this Option, stating in effect that such Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and that the transferability thereof is restricted. If the Shares represented by this
Option are registered under the Act, either before or after the exercise of this Option in whole or in part, the Optionee shall be relieved
of the foregoing investment representation (attached as Exhibit A) and agreement and shall not be required to furnish the Company with
the foregoing written statement. 

Optionee
further represents that Optionee has had access to the financial statements or books and records of the Company, has had the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company concerning its business, operations and financial condition, and to obtain additional information reasonably
necessary to verify the accuracy of such information, and further represents that Optionee has either such experience and knowledge in
investment, financial and business matters or has investments similar to the stock of the Company such that Optionee is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks thereof and has the capacity to protect his or her own interest in connection therewith. 

11. Notices .
All notice, requests, demands, and other communications pursuant to this Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom notice is to be given, or on the fifth day following the mailing
thereof to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid, or at the time and
date of transmission by e-mail if such transmission is between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on a business day business
hours and if not transmitted during business hours, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time on the next business day following transmission
at the address last provided to the Company by Optionee for his or her employee records. 

12. Agreement
Subject to Plan; Applicable Law . This Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and shall be interpreted to comply therewith. A copy
of such Plan is available to Optionee, at no charge, at the principal office of the Company. Any provision of this Agreement inconsistent
with the Plan shall be considered void and replaced with the applicable provision of the Plan. This Agreement has been granted, executed,
and delivered in the State of California, and the interpretation and enforcement shall be governed by the laws thereof and subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts therein. 

(SIGNATURE
PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS) 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant. 

OPTIONEE 
 
 Limitless X Holdings
 Inc., 

a Delaware corporation 

Signature 
 
 By: Jaspreet Mathur 

Its: CEO 

Print Name 

Address 1 

Address 2 

6 

Appendix
A 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

Limitless
X Holdings Inc. 

 9454
Wilshire Blvd., Suite 300 

 Beverly
Hills, CA 90212 

(1) 
The undersigned hereby elects to __________________ purchase shares of the Common Stock of Limitless X Holdings Inc. (the
 Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Option and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full,
together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

The undersigned hereby elects to purchase __________________ shares of the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the terms of the
net exercise provisions set forth in Section 3(b)(iii) of the attached Option, and shall tender payment of all applicable transfer
taxes, if any. 

(2) Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as
is specified below: 

________________________ 

 Name 

________________________ 

 ________________________ 

 Address 

(3) The
undersigned represents that (i) the aforesaid shares of Common Stock are being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment
and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof and that the undersigned has no present intention
of distributing or reselling such shares; (ii) the undersigned is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition
and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision regarding its investment in
the Company; (iii) the undersigned is experienced in making investments of this type and has such knowledge and background in financial
and business matters that the undersigned is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment and protecting the undersigned s
own interests; (iv) the undersigned understands that the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Option have not been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions
of the Act, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent as expressed herein, and,
because such securities have not been registered under the Act, they must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered under the
Act or an exemption from such registration is available; (v) the undersigned is aware that the aforesaid shares of Common Stock may not
be sold pursuant to Rule 144 adopted under the Act unless certain conditions are met and until the undersigned has held the shares for
the number of years prescribed by Rule 144, that among the conditions for use of the Rule is the availability of current information
to the public about the Company and the Company has not made such information available and has no present plans to do so; and (vi) the
undersigned agrees not to make any disposition of all or any part of the aforesaid shares of Common Stock unless and until there is then
in effect a registration statement under the Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with said
registration statement, or the undersigned has provided the Company with an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company stating that
such registration is not required. 

Date 
 
 Signature 

Print name 

1 

EXHIBIT
A 

INVESTMENT
REPRESENTATION STATEMENT 

OPTIONEE: 

COMPANY: 
 LIMITLESS X HOLDINGS INC. 

SECURITY: 
 COMMON STOCK 

NO. OF SHARES: 

DATE: 

In
connection with the above-listed Securities, the undersigned Optionee represents to the Company the following: 

a. Optionee
is aware of the Company s business affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. Optionee is acquiring these Securities for investment for Optionee s
own account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the meaning
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). 

b. Optionee
acknowledges and understands that the Securities constitute restricted securities under the Act and have not been registered
under the Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature
of Optionee s investment intent as expressed herein. In this instance, Optionee understands that, in the view of the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ), the statutory basis for such exemption may be unavailable if Optionee s representation
was predicated solely upon a present intention to hold these Securities for the minimum capital gains period specified under tax statutes,
for a deferred sale, for or until an increase or decrease in the market price of the Securities, for a period of one year or any other
fixed period in the future. Optionee further understands that the Securities must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered
under the Act or an exemption from such registration is available. Optionee further acknowledges and understands that the Company is
under no obligation to register the Securities. Optionee understands that the certificate evidencing the Securities shall be imprinted
with any legend required under applicable state securities laws. 

c. Optionee
is familiar with the provisions of Rule 701 and Rule 144, each promulgated under the Act, which, in substance, permit limited public
resale of restricted securities acquired, directly or indirectly from the issuer thereof, in a non-public offering subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Rule 701 provides that if the issuer qualifies under Rule 701 at the time of the grant of
the Option to Optionee, the exercise shall be exempt from registration under the Act. In the event the Company becomes subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 90 days thereafter (or such longer period as any
market stand-off agreement may require) the Securities exempt under Rule 701 may be resold, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable
conditions specified by Rule 144, including in the case of affiliates (1) the availability of certain public information about the Company;
(2) the amount of Securities being sold during any three month period not exceeding specified limitations; (3) the resale being made
in an unsolicited broker s transaction, transactions directly with a market maker or riskless
principal transactions (as those terms are defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); and (4) the timely filing of a
Form 144, if applicable. 

1 

In
the event that the Company does not qualify under Rule 701 at the time of grant of the Option, then the Securities may be resold in certain
limited circumstances subject to the provisions of Rule 144, which may require (i) the availability of current public information about
the Company; (ii) the resale to occur more than a specified period after the purchase and full payment (within the meaning of Rule 144)
for the Securities; and (iii) in the case of the sale of Securities by an affiliate, the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in
Sections (2), (3), and (4) of the paragraph immediately above. 

d. Optionee
further understands that in the event all of the applicable requirements of Rule 701 or 144 are not satisfied, registration under the
Act, compliance with Regulation A, or some other registration exemption shall be required; and that, notwithstanding the fact that Rules
144 and 701 are not exclusive, the Staff of the SEC has expressed its opinion that persons proposing to sell private placement securities
other than in a registered offering and otherwise than pursuant to Rules 144 or 701 shall have a substantial burden of proof in establishing
that an exemption from registration is available for such offers or sales, and that such persons and their respective brokers who participate
in such transactions do so at their own risk. Optionee understands that no assurances can be given that any other such registration exemption
shall be available in such event. 

OPTIONEE 

Signature 
 
 Date 

Print Name 

2 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.6>
 4
 ex4-6.htm

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

This
summary does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the certificate of incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the bylaws ), each
of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. We encourage
you to read our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws for additional information. 

General 

Limitless
X Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. We have authorized 300,000,000 shares of common stock par value 0.0001 per share and 30,000,000
shares of preferred stock, 500,000 of which are designated as Class A Preferred Convertible Stock. 

Common
Stock 

A
total of 3,930,333 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of the date of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All
shares, when issued, will be fully paid and non-assessable. All shares are equal to each other with respect to voting, liquidation, and
dividend rights. Special shareholders meetings may be called by the Officers or Directors, or upon the request of holders of at
least one-tenth of our outstanding shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote at any shareholders meeting for each share
they own as of the record date set by the board of directors. There is no quorum requirement for shareholders meetings. Therefore,
a vote of the majority of the shares represented at a meeting will govern even if this is substantially less than a majority of the shares
outstanding. Holders of shares are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally
available therefore, and upon liquidation are entitled to participate pro rata in a distribution of assets available for such a distribution
to shareholders. There are no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights or privileges with respect to any shares. Reference
is made to the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws as well as to the applicable statutes of the State of Delaware for a more complete
description of the rights and liabilities of holders of shares. It should be noted that the board of directors without notice to the
shareholders may amend the bylaws. Our shares do not have cumulative voting rights, which mean that the holders of more than 50 of the
shares voting for election of Directors may elect all the Directors if they choose to do so. In such event, the holders of the remaining
shares aggregating less than 50 of the shares voting for election of Directors may not be able to elect any Director. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorize our board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock. Unless required by
law or any stock exchange, the authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action
by our shareholders. Our board of directors is authorized to divide the preferred stock into series and, with respect to each series,
to fix and determine the designation, terms, preferences, limitations, and relative rights thereof, including dividend rights, dividend
rates, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number
of shares constituting the series. Without shareholder approval, we could issue preferred stock that could impede or discourage an acquisition
attempt or other transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders may believe is in their best interests or in which they may
receive a premium for their common stock over the market price of the common stock. 

Class
A Preferred Convertible Stock 

A
total of 500,000 shares of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock are issued and outstanding as of the date of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, all
of which are owned by our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson, Jaspreet Mathur. 

Rank .
The Class A Preferred Convertible Stock shall rank: (i) senior to any other class or class of outstanding preferred shares or class of
capital stock; (ii) prior to all of our common stock; and (iii) prior to any other class or class of capital stock hereafter created
 Junior Securities ); and in each case as to distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary (all such distributions being referred to collectively as Distributions ). 

Dividends .
The Class A Preferred Convertible Stock shall bear no dividends, except that in the event dividends are declared for common stock, the
same rate of dividend per share shall be due and payable to the Class A Preferred shareholders on the same terms. 

Liquidation
/ Merger Preference . 

(a)
So long as a majority of the shares of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock authorized are outstanding, we will not, without the written
consent of the holders of at least 51 of our outstanding Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, either directly or by amendment, merger,
consolidation, or otherwise: (i) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the affairs of the Company, or effect any Liquidation Event; (ii) amend,
alter, or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws in a manner adverse to the Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock; (iii) create or authorize the creation of, or issue any other security convertible into or exercisable for, any equity security,
having rights, preferences or privileges senior to the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock; or (iv) purchase or redeem or pay any dividend
on any capital stock prior to the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, other than stock repurchased from former employees or consultants
in connection with the cessation of their employment/services. 

(b)
In the event of any liquidation, merger, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of shares
of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior in preference to any distribution to Junior Securities, an
amount per share equal to 1.00 plus any allocable and due dividends per share. 

(c)
Upon the completion of the distribution required to holders of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, if assets remain in the Company,
they shall be distributed to holders of Junior Securities in accordance with our Certificate of Incorporation including any duly adopted
Certificate(s) of Designation. 

Conversion
Rights . The holders of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock may convert, or be converted, to shares of common stock as follows:
Upon a Liquidation Event or a general license, or at the option of the Holder, in the Holder s sole discretion, any Holder of Class
A Preferred Convertible Stock is entitled to convert their shares of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock into common stock on a one share
of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock for two shares of Common Stock basis, subject to adjustment. In lieu of this conversion, the Company
may redeem or repurchase the shares of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock for 1.00 per share. 

Adjustment
to Conversion Rate. The conversion price will be subject to adjustments for stock dividends, splits, combinations. The holders of
Class A Preferred Convertible Stock may also receive, pursuant to any merger, consolidation exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization,
or similar event, the same number of shares or consideration that the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock would have received on an as-converted
basis. 

As
a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the Conversion Rate was adjusted so that every one share of Class A Preferred Stock is now convertible
into .0667 shares of common stock. Therefore, 500,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock is convertible to 33,334 shares of common stock. 

Super
Majority Voting Rights. The holders of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock have the right to vote on any matter together with
holders of common stock and may vote as required on any action which Delaware law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent
of the holders of the specific classes of voting preferred shares and the holders of shares of common stock. The Holders of the Class
A Preferred Convertible Stock have the right to vote on any matter with holders of common stock voting together as one class. The Holders
of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock have a number of votes equal to 60 of all of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock. For purposes of determining a quorum for any Regular or Special Meeting of the Shareholders, the Class A Preferred Shares shall
be deemed as the equivalent of 60 of all issued and outstanding shares. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Mountain Share Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent s address is 2030 Powers
Ferry Road SE, Suite #212, Atlanta, Georgia 30339, and its telephone number is (404) 474-3110. 

2022
Stock Option Plan 

On
August 9, 2022, we adopted the 2022 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan which provides for the grant of incentive stock options
within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to our employees and the
employees of any future subsidiary corporation, and for the grant of non-statutory stock options to non-employees, including directors
and other service providers (the 2022 Stock Option Plan ). 

Authorized
Shares . A total of 833,333 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of options issued
from the 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

Plan
Administration . Our board of directors administers our 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

Stock
Options . Stock options may be granted under our 2022 Stock Option Plan. The exercise price of options granted under our 2022 Stock
Option Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. The term of an incentive stock
option may not exceed ten years, except that with respect to any participant who owns more than 10 of the voting power of all classes
of our outstanding stock, the term must not exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at least 110 of the fair market value
on the grant date. The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash,
shares, or other property acceptable to the administrator, as well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After
the termination of service of an employee, director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her option for the period of time stated
in his or her option agreement. Generally, if termination is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months.
In all other cases, the option will generally remain exercisable for three months following the termination of service. However, in no
event may an option be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of our 2022 Stock Option Plan, the
administrator determines the other terms of options. 

Non-transferability
of Awards . Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2022 Stock Option Plan generally does not allow for the transfer of awards
and only the recipient of an award may exercise an award during his or her lifetime. 

Certain
Adjustments . In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits available under our 2022 Stock Option Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may be delivered
under our 2022 Stock Option Plan and/or the number, class and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share
limits set forth in our 2022 Stock Option Plan. In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator will notify
participants as soon as practicable, and all awards will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed transaction. 

Merger
or Change in Control . Our 2022 Stock Option Plan provides that in the event of a merger or change in control, as defined under the
2022 Stock Option Plan, each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator determines, except that if a successor corporation
or its parent or subsidiary does not assume or substitute an equivalent award for any outstanding award, then such award will fully vest,
all restrictions on the shares subject to such award will lapse, all performance goals or other vesting criteria applicable to the shares
subject to such award will be deemed achieved at 100 of target levels and all of the shares subject to such award will become fully
exercisable, if applicable, for a specified period prior to the transaction. The award will then terminate upon the expiration of the
specified period of time. 

Amendment;
Termination . The administrator has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate the 2022 Stock Option Plan provided such action
will not impair the existing rights of any participant. Our 2022 Stock Option Plan will automatically terminate in 2032, unless we terminate
it sooner. 

Options
Granted . As of the date of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not issued any options pursuant to our 2022 Stock Option Plan. 

2022
Restricted Stock Plan 

On
August 9, 2022, the board of directors adopted the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan (the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan which provides
for the grant of common stock awards and performance awards to our officers, directors, and key employees or of any subsidiary corporation. 

Purpose
of the Plan . The 2022 Restricted Stock Plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract, retain, motivate, and reward our
officers, directors, and key employees or any of our Affiliates Participants ), by providing them opportunities to acquire
shares of our common stock. 

Stock
Subject to the Plan . The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be subject to Awards granted under the 2022 Restricted
Stock Plan is 833,333 shares of common stock. If any shares of common stock are forfeited, retained by us as payment of tax withholding
obligations with respect to an Award, or surrendered to us to satisfy tax withholding obligations, such shares of common stock will be
added back to the shares available for Awards. The 2022 Restricted Stock Plan contains certain adjustment provisions relating to stock
dividends, stock splits, and the like. 

Administration
of the Plan . The 2022 Restricted Stock Plan will be administered by the board of directors. The board of directors will have the
full power and authority to grant Awards to the persons eligible to receive such Awards and to determine the amount, type, terms, and
conditions of each such Award. 

Eligibility .
Participants consist of such officers, directors, and key employees of us or any of our Affiliates as the board of directors, in its
sole discretion, determines to be significantly responsible for our success and future growth and profitability and whom the board of
directors may designate from time to time to receive Awards under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

Types
of Awards . Stock Awards and Performance Awards may, as determined by the board of directors, in its discretion, constitute Performance-Based
Awards. 

Stock
Awards . The board of directors is authorized to grant Stock Awards and will, in its sole discretion, determine the recipients and
the number of shares of common stock underlying each Stock Award. Each Stock Award will be subject to such terms and conditions consistent
with the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan as determined by the board of directors and as set forth in an Award agreement, including, without
limitation, restrictions on the sale or other disposition of such shares and our right to reacquire such shares for no consideration
upon termination of the Participant s employment or membership on the board of directors, as applicable, within specified periods. 

Performance
Awards . The board of directors is authorized to grant Performance Awards and will, in its sole discretion, determine the recipients
and the number of shares of common stock that may be subject to each Performance Award. Each Performance Award will be subject to such
terms and conditions consistent with the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan as determined by the board of directors and as set forth in an Award
agreement. The board of directors will set performance targets at its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met,
will determine the number of Performance Awards that will be paid out to the Participants and may attach to such Performance Awards one
or more restrictions. Performance targets may be based upon, without limitation, Company-wide, divisional and/or individual performance. 

The
board of directors has the authority to adjust performance targets. The board of directors also has the authority to permit a Participant
to elect to defer the receipt of any Performance Award, subject to the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

Performance-Based
Awards . Certain Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan and the compensation attributable
to such Awards are intended to (i) qualify as Performance-Based Awards or (ii) be otherwise exempt from the deduction limitation imposed
by Section 162(m) of the Code. 

The
board of directors determines whether Stock Awards and Performance Awards granted under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan qualify as Performance-Based
Awards. The board of directors will establish in writing the performance goals, the vesting period, the performance targets, and any
other terms and conditions of the Award in its sole discretion. 

Vesting .
Awards granted to Participants under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan may be subject to a graded vesting schedule with a minimum vesting
period of two years, unless otherwise determined by the board of directors. 

If
there is a Change in Control, all unvested Awards granted under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan will become fully vested immediately upon
the occurrence of the Change in Control and such vested Awards will be paid out or settled, as applicable, within 60 days upon the occurrence
of the Change in Control, subject to requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 

Subject
to the discretion of the board of directors, if a Participant s employment or membership on the board of directors is terminated
due to death or Disability, then all unvested and/or unearned Awards will be forfeited as of such date. 

Section
409A of the Code . Awards under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan are intended either to be exempt from the rules of Section 409A of
the Code or to satisfy those rules and shall be construed accordingly. However, we will not be liable to any Participant or other holder
of an Award with respect to any Award-related adverse tax consequences arising under Section 409A or other provision of the Code. 

Transferability .
Each Award granted under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan will not be transferable otherwise than by a will or the laws of decent and distribution
or as otherwise decided by the board of directors. 

Fair
Market Value . For purposes of the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan, Fair Market Value means, as of any given date, the closing
price of a share of common stock on any such other public trading market on which shares of common stock are listed or quoted on that
date. 

Withholding .
All payments or distributions of Awards made pursuant to the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan will be net of any amounts required to be withheld
pursuant to applicable federal, state, and local tax withholding requirements. 

Amendments .
The board of directors may amend the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan from time to time or suspend or terminate it at any time. However, no
amendment will be made, without approval of our shareholders to (i) increase the total number of shares which may be issued under the
2022 Restricted Stock Plan; (ii) modify the requirements as to eligibility for Awards under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan; or (iii)
otherwise materially amend the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan as provided in Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 

Term
of the Plan . The 2022 Restricted Stock Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of its Effective Date. 

Current
Issuance . As of the date of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, there
have been no shares issued under the 2022 Restricted Stock Plan. 

2020
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
January 15, 2020, a Stock Option and Award Incentive Plan (the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board of
Directors. There are 2,222 shares of common stock reserved for the 2020 Stock Option Plan. No options or awards were granted
under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Delaware
Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This provision generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging
in any business combination with any interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date the shareholder became an
interested shareholder, unless: 

- 
 prior
 to such date, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder
 becoming an interested shareholder; 

- 
 upon
 consummation of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned
 at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of
 determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and by employee stock
 plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will
 be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

- 
 on
 or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special
 meeting of shareholders and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 /3 of the outstanding voting
 stock that is not owned by the interested shareholder. 

Section
203 defines a business combination to include: 

- 
 any merger or consolidation
 involving the corporation and the interested shareholder; 

- 
 any sale, transfer, pledge,
 or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested shareholder; 

- 
 subject to certain exceptions,
 any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested shareholder; 

- 
 any transaction involving
 the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation
 beneficially owned by the interested shareholder; or 

- 
 the receipt by the interested
 shareholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested shareholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding
voting stock of a corporation, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of a corporation at any time within three years prior to the time of determination of interested shareholder status; and any entity
or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 

These
statutory provisions could delay or frustrate the removal of incumbent directors or a change in control of our company. They could also
discourage, impede, or prevent a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest, even if such event would be favorable to the interests of shareholders. 

Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals
or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including changes a shareholder might consider favorable. In
particular, the charter documents, as applicable, among other things: 

- 
 provide our board of directors
 with the ability to amend our bylaws by majority vote of the directors; and shareholders may amend the bylaws with a 75 vote of
 the shares present at a meeting, provided that if the board recommends that the shareholders approve an amendment, such amendment
 shall only require a majority vote of shares present; 

- 
 provide that vacancies
 on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum; 

- 
 provide that our board
 of directors has exclusive authority to call special shareholder meetings; 

- 
 sets the quorum at all
 meetings of shareholders at 33 1/3 of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, except as otherwise provided by statute; 

- 
 provide for shareholder
 advance notice provisions for any proposed business a shareholder desires to put forth at the Annual Shareholder Meeting; and 

- 
 provides an exclusive forum
 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. 

Such
provisions may have the effect of discouraging a third-party from acquiring us, even if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders.
These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and
in the policies formulated by them, and to discourage some types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control
of our company. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage some
tactics that may be used in proxy fights. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate
with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure our company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging
such proposals because, among other things, negotiation of such proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

However,
these provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares that could result from actual
or rumored takeover attempts. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our
charter documents limit the liability of our directors and officers. Our bylaws state that we shall indemnify any person who was or is
a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative by reason of the fact they are or are our director or officer, or is or was serving at our request against
expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by them
in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if they 1) acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to our best interests; and 2) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe their
conduct was unlawful. 

We
shall also indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action
or suit by or in our right to procure a judgment in our favor by reason of the fact that they are or were our director, officer, employee,
or agent, or is or was serving at our request against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by
him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit, if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue,
or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to us unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of
Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses. 

We
shall also indemnify against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by any of our directors, officers,
employees, or agents who has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding or in defense of
any claim, issue, or matter therein. 

Any
indemnification by us (unless ordered by a court) shall be made only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the
indemnification of the person is proper in the circumstances because they have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth. Such
determination shall be made (i) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties
to such action, suit, or proceeding or (ii) if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, as a quorum of disinterested directors
so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. 

We
will pay expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding, by an individual who may be entitled to indemnification
in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person
to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that they are not entitled to be indemnified. 

Insofar
as the above described indemnification provisions permit indemnification of directors, officers, or persons controlling us for liability
arising under the Securities Act, we understand that in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

There
is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required or permitted,
and we are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock will be available for future issuance without your approval. We may use additional shares
for a variety of purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation.
The existence of authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

 List of the Registrant s Subsidiaries 

Limitless X, Inc. (Nevada) 

 Prime Time Live, Inc. (Colorado) 

 Vybe Labs, Inc. (Delaware) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act 

I, Jaspreet Mathur, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Limitless X Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Jaspreet Mathur 

Jaspreet Mathur 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) Under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act 

I, Benjamin Chung, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Limitless X Holdings Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Benjamin Chung 

Benjamin
 Chung 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant
to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

In connection with the Annual Report of Limitless X Holdings Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Jaspreet Mathur, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, certify that, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Jaspreet Mathur 

Name: 
 Jaspreet Mathur 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer Pursuant to 

 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

In connection with the Annual Report of Limitless X Holdings Inc. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Benjamin Chung, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, certify that, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Chung 

Benjamin Chung 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vybe-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vybe-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vybe-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vybe-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

