<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230628_10-K_edgar_data_1808997_0000950170-23-030394.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17901991</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>326205</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3573337</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7869697</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2133968</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3615517</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-030394.hdr.sgml : 20230628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230628161608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-030394
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Outdoor Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001808997
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		IRS NUMBER:				844630928
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39366
		FILM NUMBER:		231052277

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH ROUTE Z, SUITE A
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 338-9585

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 NORTH ROUTE Z, SUITE A
		CITY:			COLUMBIA
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Outdoor Brands,Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Outdoor Brands Spin Co.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200409

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-030394.txt : 20230628

10-K
 1
 aout-20230430.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

Address including zip code, and telephone number, including areas code, of principal executive offices 

Title of each class 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (13,862,604 shares) based on the last reported sale price of the registrant s Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 31, 2022, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors, and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors, or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of June 21, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 6 

ITEM 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 22 

ITEM 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 45 

ITEM 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 45 

ITEM 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 45 

ITEM 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 45 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 46 

ITEM 6. 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 48 

ITEM 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 49 

ITEM 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 57 

ITEM 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 57 

ITEM 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 57 

ITEM 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 57 

ITEM 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 59 

ITEM 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 59 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 60 

ITEM 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 60 

ITEM 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 60 

ITEM 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 60 

ITEM 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 60 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 61 

ITEM 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 
 63 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 F- 1 

EX-21.1 

EX-23.1 

EX-31.1 

EX-31.2 

EX-32.1 

EX-32.2 

Accumax , BOG , BUBBA , Caldwell , Deadshot , Deathgrip , Delta Series , E-MAX , F.A.T. Wrench , Fieldpod , Frankford Arsenal , Golden Rod , Hooyman , Imperial , Intellidropper , Lead Sled , Lockdown , Mag Charger , Old Timer , Schrade , Sharpfinger , Tipton , Grilla , Grilla Grills , Uncle Henry , ust , Wheeler , XLA Bipod , Crimson Trace , Lasergrips , Laserguard , Laserlyte , Lasersaddle , Lightguard , Rail Master , are some of the registered U.S. trademarks of our company or one of our subsidiaries. AOB Products Company , Dock and Unlock , Don t Be Outdoorsy Be Outdoors , Engineered for the Unknown , From Niche to Known , Lockdown Puck , MEAT! , MEAT Your Maker! , Secure Your Lifestyle , The Ultimate Lifestyle , Unmatched Accuracy at the Bench and in the Field , Water to Plate , Your Land. Your Legacy , are some of the unregistered trademarks of our company or one of our subsidiaries. Trademarks licensed to us by Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. in connection with the manufacture, distribution, marketing, advertising, promotion, merchandising, shipping, and sale of certain licensed accessory product categories include M P , Performance Center , Smith Wesson , and T/C , among others. This report also may contain trademarks and trade names of other companies. 
 This report includes market and industry data that we obtained from industry publications, third-party studies and surveys, government agency sources, filings of public companies in our industry, and internal company surveys. Industry publications and surveys generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Although we believe the foregoing industry and market data to be reliable at the date of the report, this information could prove to be inaccurate as a result of a variety of matters. 

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained or incorporated herein by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future operating results, future financial position, business strategy, objectives, goals, plans, prospects, markets, and plans and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, suggests, targets, contemplates, projects, predicts, may, might, plan, would, should, could, may, can, potential, continue, objective, or the negative of those terms, or similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Specific forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements regarding the following: 
 our expectation that the unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and PSUs will be recognized over a weighted average remaining contractual term of one year; 

our intention to vigorously defend ourselves in the lawsuits to which we are subject; 

the possibility that an unfavorable outcome of litigation or prolonged litigation could harm our business; 

the consolidated and combined financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance; 

our belief that our future ability to fund our operating needs will depend on our future ability to generate positive cash flow from operations and obtain financing on acceptable terms; 

our belief we will meet known or reasonably likely future cash requirements through the combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and available borrowings through our existing 75 million credit facility; 

our expectation that our overall cost of debt funding may increase and decrease the overall debt capacity and commercial credit available to us; 

our future capital requirements dependend on many factors, including net sales, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of introductions of new products and enhancements to existing products, the capital needed to operate as an independent publicly traded company, and any acquisitions or strategic investments that we may determine to make; 

the possibility that our ability to take advantage of unexpected business opportunities or to respond to competitive pressures could be limited or severely constrainmed if sufficient funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms; 

our expectation to continue to utilize our cash flows to invest in our business, including research and development for new product initiatives; hire additional employees; fund growth strategies, including any potential acquisitions; repay of any indebtedness we may incur over time; and repurchase our common stock if we have authorization to do so; 

the possibility that increased demand for sourced products in various industries could cause further delays at various U.S. ports, which could delay the timing of receipts of our products; 

our expectation that our inventory balance will increase in our first quarter of fiscal 2024 because of increased inventory purchases to support the fall hunting and winter holiday shopping seasons as well as inventory for new products that we expect to launch later in the year; and 

our expectation that our overall inventory balance will decline by the end of fiscal 2024 as compared to our inventory balance as of April 30, 2023. 

A number of factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the following: 
 potential disruptions in our suppliers ability to source the raw materials necessary for the production of our products, disruptions and delays in the manufacture of our products, and difficulties encountered by retailers and other components of the distribution channel for our products including delivery of product stemming from port congestion and related transportation challenges; 

lower levels of consumer spending in general and specific to our products or product categories; 

our ability to introduce new products that are successful in the marketplace; 

interruptions of our arrangements with third-party contract manufacturers and freight carriers that disrupt our ability to fill our customers orders; 

increases in costs or decreases in availability of finished products, components, and raw materials; 

our ability to maintain or strengthen our brand recognition and reputation; 

the ability to forecast demand for our products accurately; 

our ability to continue to expand our e-commerce business; 

our ability to compete in a highly competitive market; 

our dependence on large customers; 

our ability to attract and retain talent; 

an increase of emphasis on private label products by our customers; 

pricing pressures by our customers; 

our ability to collect our accounts receivable; 

the potential for product recalls, product liability, and other claims or lawsuits against us; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property; 

inventory levels, both internally and in the distribution channel, in excess of demand; 

our ability to identify acquisition candidates, to complete acquisitions of potential acquisition candidates, to integrate acquired businesses with our business, to achieve success with acquired companies, and to realize the benefits of acquisitions in a manner consistent with our expectations; 

the performance and security of our information systems; 

our ability to comply with any applicable foreign laws or regulations and the effect of increased protective tariffs; 

economic, social, political, legislative, and regulatory factors; 

the potential for increased regulation of firearms and firearms- related products; 

the effect of political pressures on firearm laws and regulations; 

the potential impact on our business and operations from the results of federal, state, and local elections and the policies that may be implemented as a result thereof; 

our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of being a separate, public company; 

future investments for capital expenditures, liquidity and anticipated cash needs and availability; 

the potential for impairment charges; 

estimated amortization expense of intangible assets for future periods; 

actions of social or economic activists that could, directly or indirectly, have an adverse effect on our business; 

disruptions caused by social unrest, including related protests or disturbances; 

our assessment of factors relating to the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions, the timing for such evaluations, and the potential adjustment in such evaluations; and 

other factors detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including information contained herein. 

All forward-looking statements included herein are based on information available to us as of the date hereof and speak only as of such date. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. The forward-looking statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect our views as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ significantly from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future events, results, performance, or achievements. 
 We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and we file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information we file with the SEC are available free of charge at https://ir.aob.com/financial-information/sec-filings as soon as practicable after such reports are available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The SEC s website contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

P ART I 
 I tem 1. Business 
 General 
 We are a leading provider of outdoor lifestyle products and shooting sports accessories encompassing hunting, fishing, outdoor cooking, camping, shooting, and personal security and defense products for rugged outdoor enthusiasts. We conceive, design, source, and sell our outdoor lifestyle products, including premium sportsman knives and tools for fishing and hunting; land management tools for hunting preparedness; harvesting products for post-hunt or post-fishing activities; outdoor cooking products; and camping, survival, and emergency preparedness products. We conceive, design, produce or source, and sell our shooting sports accessories, such as rests, vaults, and other related accessories; electro-optical devices, including hunting optics, firearm aiming devices, flashlights, and laser grips; and reloading, gunsmithing, and firearm cleaning supplies. We develop and market all our products as well as manufacture some of our electro-optics products at our facility in Columbia, Missouri. We also contract for the manufacture and assembly of most of our products with third parties located in Asia. 
 We focus on our brands and the establishment of product categories in which we believe our brands will resonate strongly with the activities and passions of consumers and enable us to capture an increasing share of our overall addressable markets. Our owned brands include BOG, BUBBA, Caldwell, Crimson Trace, Frankford Arsenal, Grilla Grills, or Grilla, Hooyman, Imperial, LaserLyte, Lockdown, MEAT! Your Maker, Old Timer, Schrade, Tipton, Uncle Henry, ust, and Wheeler, and we license additional brands for use in association with certain products we sell, including M P, Smith Wesson, Performance Center by Smith Wesson, and Thompson/Center. In focusing on the growth of our brands, we organize our creative, product development, sourcing, and e-commerce teams into four brand lanes, each of which focuses on one of four distinct consumer verticals Adventurer, Harvester, Marksman, and Defender with each of our brands included in one of the brand lanes. 
 Our Adventurer brands include products that help enhance consumers fishing, outdoor cooking, and camping experiences. 

Our Harvester brands focus on the activities hunters typically engage in, including the activities to prepare for the hunt, the hunt itself, and the activities that follow a hunt, such as meat processing. 

Our Marksman brands address product needs arising from consumer activities that take place primarily at the shooting range and where firearms are cleaned, maintained, and worked on. 

Our Defender brands include products that are used by consumers in situations that require self-defense and products that help safely secure and store as well as maintain connectivity to those possessions that many consumers consider to be high value or high consequence. 

Our sales activities are focused on how we go to market within the e-commerce and traditional distribution channels. These two channels involve distinct strategies intended to increase revenue and enhance market share by placing our products where the consumer expects to find them. Our sales team is organized by customer groups within the e-commerce and traditional channels and sells our products from all brands across all four of our brand lanes. We measure our success through sales performance in these distribution channels against prior results and our own expectations. 
 Our objective is to enhance our position as a leading provider of high-quality and innovative outdoor lifestyle products and shooting sports accessories for the hunting, fishing, outdoor cooking, camping, shooting, personal security and defense, and other rugged outdoor markets and to expand our addressable market into carefully selected new product arenas. 
 Key elements of our strategy to achieve this objective and deliver long-term stockholder value are as follows: 
 introduce a continuing stream of innovative new and differentiated rugged outdoor products and product extensions that appeal to consumers and achieve market acceptance and drive customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

expand the size of our addressable market by appealing to new and larger consumer audiences in new product categories; 

cultivate and enhance direct-to-consumer relationships through our digital platforms; 

expand and enhance our supply chain; and 

pursue acquisitions that financially and strategically complement our current business. 

6 

Throughout our history, we believe that we have been able to utilize our understanding of consumer needs to develop and introduce innovative new disruptive products with strong intellectual property protection that have continually increased our market share in their product categories, such as our BUBBA Electric Filet Knife, which we believe represents a substantial portion of the market share in the electric filet knife category. We have enhanced our product development capabilities, developed a multi-faceted marketing approach, improved our multi-channel distribution platform, and expanded and diversified our business through organic growth and strategic acquisitions. 
 Our net sales were 191.2 million for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023; 247.5 million for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022; and 276.7 million for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. Results reported include net sales related to acquisitions for the period subsequent to their respective acquisition dates. Our gross profit for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled 88.1 million, 114.2 million, and 126.8 million, respectively. Total assets were 243.6 million as of April 30, 2023 and 277.8 million as of April 30, 2022. 
 Spin-Off Transaction 
 On August 24, 2020, Smith Wesson Brands, Inc., or our former parent company, completed the spin-off of its outdoor products and accessories business to us, or the Separation. The Separation was effected through the transfer of all of the assets and legal entities, subject to any related liabilities, associated with its outdoor products and accessories business to us, or the Transfer, and the distribution of all the outstanding shares of our common stock to the holders of the common stock of our former parent company, or the Distribution, as of the close of business on August 10, 2020, the record date for the Distribution, or the Record Date. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware on January 28, 2020 and we maintain our principal executive offices at 1800 North Route Z, Suite A, Columbia, Missouri 65202. Our telephone number is (800) 338-9585. Our website is located at www.AOB.com . Through our website, we make available free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, our proxy statements, our ESG report, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to any of these documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These documents are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the SEC. We also post on our website the charters of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominations and Corporate Governance Committees; our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Conduct, and any amendments or waivers thereto; and any other corporate governance materials contemplated by the regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq. These documents are also available in print by contacting our corporate secretary at our executive offices. Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Market Opportunity 
 Our primary target customers are outdoor-oriented consumers who enjoy active lifestyles with a focus on outdoor activities. The primary users of our products consist of a wide range of outdoor enthusiasts, including those who engage in recreational target shooting, personal security and defense, hunting, archery, fishing, outdoor cooking, camping, and hiking. 
 Driven in part by the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, outdoor recreation consumer participation trends have been favorable since 2020, resulting in 14.5 million new participants since January 2020. A recent report by the Outdoor Industry Association outlined that the outdoor recreation participant base grew by 2.3 percent in calendar 2022 to a record 168.1 million participants, or 55 percent of the United States population ages six and older. In addition, 80 of outdoor activity categories experienced participation growth, including camping and fishing, large categories in which we participate. According to various other industry studies published by the Outdoor Industry Association, National Shooting Sports Foundation, or NSSF, Southwick Associates, and the Recreational Boating and Fishing Foundation, participation has increased in hunting, camping, and fishing. In addition, strong participation in firearm ownership led to approximately 14 million new entrants into shooting sports since calendar 2020, according to the NSSF. Our acquisition of Grilla Grills in March 2022 gave us entry into the estimated 7 billion outdoor cooking industry. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 Portfolio of Leading Brands and Products Focused on the Rugged Outdoor Market 
 We currently sell our products under 21 distinct brands that we believe focus on the desires of our consumers and have a reputation for superior quality and product innovation. We believe we have built loyalty and brand recognition over our history by understanding our core consumers and delivering innovative products that they desire. 
 7 

Four Brand Lanes with Significant Runway for Growth 
 Our brands are organized into four brand lanes focused on specific consumer verticals that are based on consumer behaviors and desires. This structure organizes our business in a manner intended to deploy specific resources dedicated to designing and marketing products directed at these respective consumer verticals. We have developed our Dock and Unlock formula, where we take an existing brand and apply the proper strategy and these dedicated brand lane resources to unlock the brand s potential value. We use the defined methodologies to determine the types of products desired by that specific consumer and then design products in both existing and new categories that meet those desires. We believe this approach helps us drive growth from opportunities in new product categories and expand our footprint in existing categories. 
 Repeatable Process for Innovating and Rejuvenating Mature Product Categories 
 We have approximately 30 product designers, engineers, and software developers situated in five in-house state-of-the-art product development labs who are capable of delivering over 200 new products, annually. We recognize the importance of innovation and protecting our intellectual property. We currently have more than 380 patents and patents pending and have registered and unregistered trademarks related to our products. Our designers and engineers come from diverse industry backgrounds, including medical and laboratory equipment, architecture, defense, home goods, and automotive. We believe this diversity yields a unique combination of methods and perspectives that fosters innovation within traditionally mature rugged outdoor product categories. One example of this innovation is our entry into the large, underserved catch and release market with our BUBBA tournament-grade Pro Series Smart Fish Scale, or Pro SFS, which is integrated with smart technology that consumers can access through a BUBBA smartphone application. This smart technology allows anglers to log their catches, record detailed information, and connect with other anglers to share information about their catches and their excursions. We believe the BUBBA Pro SFS is the first product of its kind and is intended to reinvent the way anglers pursue their sport. In addition to fostering enhanced competition, the BUBBA Pro SFS supports conservation and sustainability in fishing by allowing anglers to catch, weigh, and immediately release their catch, reducing the fish out-of-the-water time. 
 Because we have such a wide breadth of products that span 21 brands, our product development teams frequently leverage our products to cross-pollinate technology across brand lanes and bring new insights into mature product categories. An example of this cross-pollination can be found in our BUBBA Pro SFS, which we launched in 2023 and which incorporates technology or design from products that are situated across all four brand lanes. The BUBBA Pro SFS incorporates lithium AA battery back technology from our Caldwell EMax Pro hearing protection line (Marksman), Bluetooth connection capability to a smart phone with live data monitoring and logging through a cloud server system from our Lockdown Puck (Defender), interactive LCD screen and menu system from our BOG Bloodmoon Game camera products (Harvester), and waterproof storage system and Bubba-Rubba non-slip grip technology from our BUBBA Multi-Flex products (Adventurer). 
 Leverageable Platform for Acquisitions with Demonstrated Acquisition Execution 
 We believe our brand lanes and sales organization provide us with a leverageable platform from which to integrate acquisitions quickly, achieve cost savings, provide immediate brand support, and add sales expertise to drive brand penetration within our customer base. In addition, our senior management team brings significant acquisition experience, having completed a total of 24 transactions over the last 16 years, ranging from 1 million to approximately 1 billion in enterprise value. In conjunction with reviewing potential acquisition candidates, we believe that our long-standing industry relationships facilitate the identification of future potential acquisition targets. 
 Experienced, Entrepreneurial Management Team 
 Our senior management team has substantial knowledge and experience in the rugged outdoor industry. This team is responsible for defining and executing our business strategies with a brand-first orientation supported by our brand lanes. We strive to promote a collaborative and supportive environment for our employees. This approach allows employees within our brand lanes to pursue new ideas and experimentations, leading to a highly entrepreneurial culture. 
 Strategy 
 Introduce a Continuing Stream of New and Differentiated High-Quality Rugged Outdoor Products that Drive Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty 
 We plan to continue conceiving, designing, producing or sourcing, and marketing in a timely manner a continuing stream of innovative new and differentiated high-quality rugged outdoor products and product extensions that appeal to consumers, achieve market acceptance, and drive customer satisfaction and loyalty to our product groups. Our tradition of innovation and our ongoing research and development, product engineering, product and component sourcing, marketing, and distribution activities are critical components of our ability to continue to offer successful products and bolster our market share in the product categories in which we participate. 
 8 

We believe our track record of understanding consumer desires, introducing flagship products in our core product categories, and then strategically expanding within those categories will enable us to continue to expand our existing product offerings. We recently received the following awards: 
 NASGW Show 2023 Best New Accessory - Caldwell Claymore; 

Field Stream Hottest Knives of 2023 - Schrade Enrage Series; 

ICAST Show 2022 Best Cutlery, Hand Pliers and Tools award BUBBA Multi-Flex Fillet Knife; 

ICAST Show 2021 Best Cutlery, Hand Pliers and Tools award BUBBA Pro Series Electric Fillet Knife; 

Field Stream 10 Best Fishing Accessories of the Year BUBBA; 

Popular Mechanics The Best Camping Tents for Your Next Weekend Away 2021 ust; 

Golden Bullseye Award 2022 American Rifleman Optic of the Year Crimson Trace Brushline Pro 4-16x50 Scope; 

Golden Bullseye Award 2021 Shooting Illustrated Accessory of the Year Lockdown Puck; 

Guns and Ammo 2020 Technology of the Year Lockdown Puck; 

Gold Predator Xtreme Readers Choice Award for the Laser Sight Category Crimson Trace; 

Shooting Sports Retailer Choice Award Gold, Laser Sight Category Crimson Trace and; 

Tactical Retailer Choice Award Gold, Laser Sight Category Crimson Trace. 

We also devote significant time and energy to expand the reach of our brands into targeted new rugged outdoor markets that are aligned with the positioning of our brands. We also utilize our cross-pollinate technologies across brands, such as transporting the non-slip grip from our BUBBA fishing products onto the handles of Hooyman s line of hand-held land management tools to provide further product differentiation. 
 Expand Our Addressable Market by Appealing to New and Larger Audiences in New Product Categories 
 We plan to continue to expand the size of our addressable market beyond the shooting, hunting, and rugged outdoor markets and thereby enlarge our customer base and customer relationships through entry into new large product categories outside the rugged outdoor market. We believe our innovative BUBBA Pro SFS represents our organic entry into a large freshwater catch and release market. We believe our Caldwell Claymore clay thrower represents our organic entry into the broader shotgun sports market. We believe the acquisition of Grilla Grills represents our inorganic entry into an estimated 7 billion outdoor cooking market by providing high-quality, barbecue grills; Wi-Fi-enabled wood pellet grills; smokers; accessories; and modular outdoor kitchens. We expect, by expanding our addressable market, we will further increase and diversify our customer base. 
 Cultivate and Enhance Direct-to-Consumer Relationships through Our Digital Platforms 
 We plan to continue to cultivate and enhance our direct relationships with consumers by addressing the growing desire of consumers to deal directly with the product and brand source and by recognizing the changing retail landscape and the trend to two-day or next-day delivery. In this regard, we have made significant investments to build both our creative teams and e-commerce platforms, positioning us to create and distribute our products directly to consumers. We have established dedicated websites for all of our key brands, and each of our brand lanes has dedicated creative and e-commerce resources that work to support online marketing and delivery methods that foster direct-to-consumer efforts. We also expect that our direct-to-consumer efforts will generate pull-through for our products at retail locations for those consumers who prefer a traditional retail approach rather than purchasing directly from our online platform. In addition, our e-commerce platform allows consumers to purchase our products direct from our warehouse, which is not constrained by inventory management efforts at retail. Our e-commerce platform and digital systems also provide opportunities to support the launch of entirely new brands and products to meet the needs of our consumers. For example, we leveraged our e-commerce platform and digital ecosystem to organically enter the meat processing market with our MEAT! Your Maker brand, which includes grinders, mixers, vacuum sealers, sausage stuffers, dehydrators, and slicers. We sell these products directly to consumers through our website www.MEATyourmaker.com . In addition, we sell Grilla branded products, acquired in fiscal 2022, directly to consumers primarily through our website www.grillagrills.com . 
 9 

Expand and Enhance Our Supply Chain 
 We plan to continue to expand and enhance our supply chain by identifying, qualifying, attracting, and maintaining contract manufacturers and other suppliers of finished products and components made to our specifications and the raw materials needed for products and components that meet our efficiency, quality, cost, delivery, and other requirements. Qualifying additional suppliers reduces our dependence on any one or small group of suppliers and helps to protect us against supplier financial, operational, performance, or capacity issues. 
 Pursue Acquisitions that Financially and Strategically Complement our Current Business 
 We plan to continue to complement our organic growth initiatives by pursuing strategic acquisitions that will enable us to expand our product offerings, add new brands, penetrate adjacent and complementary markets, increase our customer base, expand our supply chain, increase our marketing and distribution capabilities, and enhance our operating results through improved acquired company performance, especially when we believe we can improve the performance and profitability of an acquired company through the implementation of our operating methods, strategies, and services. We believe our acquisition of Grilla Grills in fiscal 2022 fits all of the above criteria. We believe the architecture of our brand lanes and sales organization provide us with a leverageable platform from which to integrate acquisitions quickly, achieve cost savings, provide immediate brand support, and add sales expertise to drive brand penetration within our existing customer base. 
 Product Design and Development 
 We believe that innovation is key to our long-term success. To be successful as a leading provider of outdoor lifestyle products and shooting sports accessories, we must continue to conceive, design, produce or source, and market a continuing stream of innovative new products and product extensions that appeal to consumers and achieve market acceptance and drive customer satisfaction and loyalty to our brands and product groups. 
 We believe that we will drive customer satisfaction and loyalty by offering high-quality, innovative products on a timely and cost-effective basis, as well as providing world-class customer service, training, and support. We regard our high-quality, innovative products as the most important aspect of our customer satisfaction and loyalty, but we also offer customer service and support with various programs, such as customer support numbers, e-mail customer question and answer communications, broad service policies, and product warranties. We have developed unique brand-specific content on our websites to help maximize the consumers experience with our products. 
 Through our research and development personnel, we conceive, design, and develop potential products that we believe will be attractive to our customers and help address the needs, wants, and desires of our target consumer base. In so doing, we must seek to anticipate and respond to trends and shifts in consumer preferences by continually adjusting our product mix with innovative features and designs and marketing them in an effective manner. Prior to introducing any product, we assess its cost of production and delivery, estimate its potential sales volume and margin, and conduct vigorous prototype and production-quality sample testing. 
 As noted previously, our outdoor lifestyle products include premium sportsmen knives and tools for fishing and hunting; land management tools for hunting preparedness; harvesting products for post-hunt or post-fishing activities; outdoor cooking products; and camping, survival, and emergency preparedness products, while our shooting sports accessories products include rests, and other related accessories; electro-optical devices, including hunting optics, firearm aiming devices, flashlights, and laser grips; and reloading, gunsmithing, and firearm cleaning supplies. 
 We typically launch over 200 new outdoor products and accessories SKUs each year. We generally strive to bring a new product from concept to market within 6 to 12 months, depending on product complexity and other matters. Our extensive product portfolio includes highly regarded brands, such as Caldwell, our line of shooting and range supplies, which we believe has been a leading brand within shooting sports for more than 20 years; Crimson Trace, which has provided aiming solution systems for more than 25 years; and Schrade, which has provided innovative cutlery and tools for more than 115 years. 
 Approximately 10 of our employees are focused on research and development activities. In fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, our gross spending on research and development activities relating to the development of new products was 6.4 million, 5.5 million, and 5.4 million, respectively. We expense research and development costs as incurred. 
 10 

Our Brands 
 We currently sell our products under 21 distinct brands organized under four brand lanes. 
 
 Adventurer Brands 
 Grilla - outdoor cooking products 

BUBBA fishing tools and knives 

ust camping and survival products 

Schrade rugged outdoor cutlery and tools 

Imperial cutlery and tools 

Harvester Brands 
 Hooyman land management tools 

Old Timer cutlery and tools 

T/C Accessories hunting accessories 

BOG hunting accessories 

Uncle Henry hunting knives and tools 

MEAT! Your Maker meat processing equipment 

11 

Marksman Brands 
 Caldwell shooting range and marksman products 

Wheeler gunsmithing tools 

Tipton cleaning and maintenance products 

Frankford Arsenal reloading products 

Defender Brands 
 Lockdown security and storage solutions 

M P Accessories cutlery, flashlights, and various accessories 

Performance Center by Smith Wesson cutlery, cleaning kits, and various accessories 

Smith Wesson Accessories knives, flashlights, shooting glasses and cases, cleaning kits, and hearing protection products 

Crimson Trace aiming solutions 

LaserLyte training systems 

We own all of our brands with the exception of those brands and trademarks that we license from our former parent company, including the Smith Wesson logo, the script Smith Wesson, the M P logo, the T/C logo, and the script Performance Center, which are well-known and have a reputation for quality, value, and trustworthiness in the accessories industry. 
 12 

Brand Lanes 
 Our Brand Lanes are the foundation for our distinctive product development, creative, sourcing, and e-commerce functions. Our brand-first approach is combined with passionate personnel to deliver authentic experiences to our consumers. Our knowledgeable employees develop a deep understanding of our brands and understand precisely what our customers and consumers desire most in new products. Dedicated management, marketing, creative, digital support, and engineering resources assigned to each brand lane allow us to strategically and efficiently approach our development roadmap and marketing efforts. We currently market our products under 21 distinct brands, organized into four brand lanes aligned with our specific consumer verticals: 

The Adventurer is at home when away from home. Whether conquering a mountain, navigating the open ocean, trekking through a valley, or taking on any other outdoor escapade, the Adventurer s thrill is the comfort zone. It is more than a connection with the outdoors; it is about being a part of it. 

To the Harvester , it s not a job. It s not about harvesting or mounting a trophy. It s a passion to create, to grow, to conserve, and to ensure that the hunger to hunt and experience the most inaccessible terrain is passed down for future generations. Being a Harvester is not about taking, it s about giving back. 

For the Defender , security is above all else. It starts with the peace of mind that comes with confidently knowing your belongings are safe, and becomes complete with determination to train and prepare yourself for life s biggest adversaries. The Defender protects it makes up the fabric of their DNA. 

Marksmen are shooters, from the beginner to the skilled competitor. Whether at the workbench, in the workshop, in the field, or on the range, and no matter the choice of handgun, rifle, shotgun, or archery, a Marksman s success is measured in hours of trigger time, the smell of burnt powder, and bullseyes. 

13 

Marketing 
 We deploy a multi-faceted strategy to engage with consumers and to deliver positive consumer experiences. Our marketing approach begins with our team utilizing television, print, and other advertising media to assure that our customers and consumers connect with our brands and to the products we offer. 
 In order to help convert at the point of purchase, increase the likelihood of loyal consumer relationships, and build advocacy with our consumer base, we market our products to consumers using focused campaigns that align with each brand s core characteristics. In this regard, we utilize what we believe are the most impactful mediums, such as in-store retail merchandising, online merchandising, grassroots events, digital advertising campaigns, influencer marketing, and robust distribution of content across most social media channels, to encourage enthusiasts to continue exploring our brand offerings and ultimately lead to purchases. Our influencers participate on a variety of social media platforms, regularly posting brand imagery, lifestyle content, instructional material, and detailed reviews of our products to help promote our brands. To further our message, we frequently participate in various earned media across a full spectrum of digital and print publications, which drives authenticity back to our consumer base as they read about the latest information regarding our suite of new products. This multifaceted approach is intertwined with the brand lane structure that we believe differentiates us from our competition and offers a significant advantage in efficiency. 
 For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, advertising and promotion expenses were 11.9 million, 13.3 million, and 14.4 million, respectively, excluding the cost of rebates and promotions reflected in gross profit. 
 Original Content 
 We utilize content as the engine to drive our strategic approach to marketing. In the past year, we continued to emphasize the enhancement of our content capture and editing capabilities. Our team of producers and external resources has provided an accessible outlet for regularly distributed fresh content for each of our brands. The deployment of this content assists us in positioning our brands, garnering the attention of our customers, establishing a lifestyle connection with those discovering our brands for the first time, and educating our consumer base about the features and benefits of the products that fall within each brand. By owning the development and distribution of our content, we are able to ensure that each message is consistent with our brands positioning and strategy. 
 Our Digital Platform 
 We believe social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube, are effective in enabling us to showcase content, educate our customer base about our products, and generate enthusiasm for most of our brands. Our direct-to-consumer e-mail marketing helps us to further engage our consumers and communicate the value of our brands. We continue to invest in new digital marketing capabilities designed by our e-commerce and marketing teams to provide favorable customer experiences. Utilizing our digital platform, we operate branded e-commerce websites designed to inform, inspire, and prepare our customers for the rugged outdoors. We believe our digital platform supports our core business and facilitates future sales growth and profitability. 
 We utilize our websites, including www.AOB .com , www.BUBBA.com , www.SCHRADE.com , www.grillagrills.com, www.ustgear.com , www.BOGhunt.com , www.Hooyman.com , www.OldTimerKnives.com , www.MEATyourmaker.com , www.CaldwellShooting.com , www.FrankfordArsenal.com , www.WheelerTools.com , www.TiptonClean.com , www.CrimsonTrace.com , www.Lockdown.com , www.Laserlyte.com , www.store.smith-wesson.com , and www.accessories.tcarms.com , to market our products and to provide a wide range of information regarding our company to customers, consumers, dealers, distributors, investors, and government agencies. 
 Industry and Consumer Events 
 We sponsor a number of events and organizations in support of outdoor activities that our consumers enjoy. We typically attend various trade shows, including the Shooting, Hunting, Outdoor Trade (SHOT) Show; Archery Trade Association Show (ATA Show); Outdoor Retailer (OR Show); the National Association of Sporting Goods Wholesalers Show (NASGW); the International Convention of Allied Sportfishing Trades (ICAST); the IWA Outdoor Classics Show in Europe; and various distributor, buying group, and consumer shows. We also seek to establish relationships with professionals and influencers for each of our brands to help evaluate, promote, and establish product performance and authenticity with customers and consumers. 
 14 

Distribution Channels and Customers 
 We distribute our products through e-commerce and traditional distribution channels. Our e-commerce channels include net sales from customers that do not traditionally operate a physical brick and mortar store but rather generate the majority of their revenues from consumer purchases from their retail websites. This also includes our own e-commerce platform, including our websites. Our traditional channels include net sales from customers that primarily operate out of physical brick and mortar stores and generate the large majority of revenues from consumer purchases inside their brick-and-mortar locations. These traditional distribution channels include sports specialty stores, sporting goods stores, dealers and distributors, mass market, home and auto retailers, and original equipment manufacturers. Our go-to-market strategies for these two channels are tailored very differently, with e-commerce initiatives focused on digital advertising and consumer awareness, while traditional channel initiatives include in-store displays, focused advertising, and tailored promotional programs. The world s largest e-commerce retailer, through its very extensive customer base and consumer-driven product offerings, accounted for 25.4 and 27.8 of our net sales for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, we have made investments in our own direct-to-consumer business, including the acquisition of Grilla Grills branded products in March 2022 and enhancements to our websites in fiscal 2021, which helped increase our direct-to-consumer sales 76.0 over fiscal 2022. Our brands that are sold exclusively direct-to-consumer represented 24.4 million, or 28.0 , and 9.4 million, or 9.6 , of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, total e-commerce channel net sales, including the acquisition of Grilla Grills. The information for fiscal year 2021 can be found within Distribution Channels and Customers included in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022. 
 Our sales team is built around the two distribution channels and is organized into customer groups with dedicated individuals within each customer group that focus on specific brands across product categories. We believe the structure of our sales organization allows us to accomplish four very important goals. First, it gives us the ability to consistently focus on the unique needs and requirements of each customer group. Second, it allows us to bring brand expertise and awareness to these customer groups. Third, and most importantly, it allows us to develop and execute strategic plans based on how each customer group conducts business as well as how it targets its primary and secondary consumers. Finally, our sales organization is designed to be able to adapt to acquisitions and the expansion of our brands into new categories without having to alter our sales structure. We believe this will allow us to integrate new categories into our teams with minimal disruption to our existing business and, more importantly, allow us to quickly begin leveraging our size and scope with the new additions. 
 Although we have long-established relationships with many of our customers, we generally do not have long-term supply or binding contracts or guaranties of minimum purchase arrangements with our customers. Instead, our customers generally purchase from us through individual purchase orders. As a result, these customers may cancel their orders, change purchase quantities from forecasted volumes, delay purchases for a number of reasons, or change other terms of our business relationship. We grant payment terms to most commercial customers ranging from 30 to 90 days. However, in some instances, we provide longer payment terms. 
 We believe the COVID-19 pandemic has given consumers multiple purchasing options between online and traditional brick and mortar retailers. As a result, traditional brick and mortar retail stores are evolving to remain competitive. Traditional brick and mortar retailers have also been expanding their own e-commerce retail platforms and assortment of products as well as expanding their online advertising and promotional programs. 
 Retailers are reducing lead time for product delivery and reducing their inventory levels, and in certain circumstances, require suppliers to ship orders directly to consumers for purchases on their e-commerce platforms. 
 The ultimate users of our products consist of outdoor enthusiasts, including shooting and hunting enthusiasts, fishing enthusiasts, outdoor cooking enthusiasts, campers, hikers, and other sports enthusiasts. 
 Service and Support 
 In order to provide consumers with positive experiences involving our products, we maintain a dedicated team of trained customer support representatives who seek to successfully address customer questions or issues that may arise across our product offerings. We utilize a customer service number to answer questions and resolve issues. We stand behind the quality of our products by offering a variety of warranties, ranging from limited lifetime, four-year, three-year, two-year, or one-year warranty programs, depending on the product. We also will repair or replace with an item of equivalent value, at our option, certain products or parts that are found to be defective under normal use and service, without charge during the warranty period. 
 15 

Sourcing, Assembly, and Production 
 Except for certain assmly operations performed at our Columbia, Missouri facility, we generally utilize third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers for our finished products and components. Third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers provide finished products and components to us in accordance with our product and component specifications. Third parties also supply us and our contract manufacturers with the raw materials used in our products and components, including steel, plastic, aluminum, copper, lead, and packaging materials. Most of our third-party contract manufacturers and suppliers are in Asia, primarily China, and, to a lesser extent, Taiwan, Vietnam, Myanmar, and the Philippines. 
 We generally provide these suppliers with short-term advance forecasts of our production requirements, however, when we anticipate delays in our supply chain or congestion at shipping ports, we will order in advance to mitigate supply chain risk. Our suppliers must meet our quality and other standards and have the ability to produce our finished products and components and supply our raw materials in a timely and efficient manner. We continue to expand our supply base to maintain competitive pricing and quality standards and to better position ourselves to respond rapidly to changes in customer demand and market trends to mitigate supply chain risk. For certain products and components, we utilize a dual sourcing supply chain to mitigate risks associated with sourcing key components from only one supplier. 
 We do not have long-term contractual arrangements with any of our suppliers that guarantee us production capacity, prices, lead times, or delivery schedules. Our reliance on these independent parties exposes us to vulnerability because of our dependence on a few sources of supply. We believe, however, that other sources of supply are available. In addition, we continually strive to develop relationships with other sources of supply in order to reduce our dependence on any one source of supply. As a result, we believe that our current and other available suppliers will ensure that we obtain a sufficient supply of goods built to our specifications in a timely manner and on satisfactory economic terms. 
 Facilities and Distribution 
 We sub-lease approximately 400,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Columbia, Missouri. We also lease 10,000 square feet of retail and office space in Holland, Michigan; 5,000 square feet of office space in Chicopee, Massachusetts; and 2,500 square feet of office space in Shenzhen, People's Republic of China. 
 Our Missouri facility includes our principal executive, administrative, financial, sales, marketing, R D, production, assembly, and distribution operations. Our Michigan facility houses retail operations for our outdoor cooking products. Our Massachusetts facility houses certain administrative and finance staff. Our China facility houses certain R D staff. 
 On January 31, 2023, we entered into an Assignment Agreement with our former parent company and RCS S W Facility, LLC to assign to us the rights of the Lease Agreement effective on January 1, 2024, subject to certain conditions. 
 The Lease covers approximately 632,000 square feet of building and surrounding property located at 1800 North Route Z, Columbia, Boone County, Missouri, where we currently sublease approximately 400,000 square feet. The Lease provides the tenant with an option to expand the building by up to 491,000 additional square feet. The Lease term ends on November 26, 2038 and, pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, does not provide for an extension of the term of the Lease. 
 Patents, Trademarks, and Copyrights 
 We recognize the importance of innovation and protecting our intellectual property. We currently have more than 380 patents and patents pending and have registered and unregistered trademarks related to our products. We apply for patents whenever we develop innovative new products, unique designs, or processes of commercial importance and seek trademark protection when we believe they provide a marketing advantage. We do not believe that our business is materially dependent on any single patent or trademark. 
 We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, trade dress, customer records, monitoring, brand protection services, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. 
 Because of the significance of our brand names, our trademarks, service marks, trade dress, and copyrights are also important to our business. We have an active global program of trademark registration, monitoring, and enforcement. We market our products and accessories under 21 distinct brands, including outdoor products and accessories sold under a license agreement with our former parent company. 
 16 

We vigorously pursue and challenge infringements of our patents, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, and copyrights, as we believe the goodwill associated with them is a cornerstone of our branding strategy. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we can become involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings, including those relating to product liability, intellectual property, commercial relationships, employment issues, and governmental matters. Litigation, regardless of the merits, can be expensive, time consuming, and divert the time and attention of management personnel, and unfavorable outcomes and prolonged litigation can harm our business. We actively monitor the status of litigation and, depending on the circumstances, intend to vigorously defend claims and assert all appropriate defenses to litigation against us. 
 Information Systems 
 Our information systems utilize leading software enterprise resource platforms, including procurement, inventory management, receivables management, and accounting. During fiscal 2023, we implemented a new ERP system, Microsoft D365, that utilizes leading software enterprise resource platforms, including procurement, inventory management, receivables management, and accounting. We implemented our own separate information technology infrastructure during fiscal 2022. We believe our new ERP platform and information technology infrastructure will support our current business requirements and growth strategy in the future. 
 Prior to the implementation of our new ERP system, we utilized SAP as our ERP system, which was administered by our former parent company through a Transition Services Agreement. 
 17 

Acquisitions 
 As noted above, we are building our business both organically and inorganically. The following table sets forth information regarding the brands and products added to our operations through acquisitions in the fiscal years indicated: 
 
 Shooting Sports Outdoor Lifestyle Acquisition Fiscal Year Type Shooting Accessories Personal Protection Hunting Fishing Camping Ruggded Outoor Hooyman 2015 Asset PowerTech 2016 Asset Smith Wesson Flashlights M P - Flashlights Taylor Brands 2017 Asset Smith Wesson - Cutlery M P Cutlery Schrade Uncle Henry Old Timer Crimson Trace 2017 Stock ust 2017 Asset BUBBA 2018 Asset LaserLyte 2019 Asset Grilla Grills 2022 Asset Imperial 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive market and encounter competition from both domestic and foreign participants. We believe we can effectively compete with all of our present competitors. We compete primarily based upon innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, durability, consumer brand awareness, and customer service and support. Our competitors include Vista Outdoor Inc. and a large number of private companies that directly compete with a number of our brands. Certain of our competitors may have more established brand names and stronger distribution channels than we do and have, or have through their owners, access to financial and marketing resources that are greater than we possess that may afford them the ability to invest more than we can in product development, intellectual property, and marketing. In addition, we compete with many other sporting and recreational products and activities companies for discretionary spending of consumers. 
 Inventory Management 
 Inventory management is key to the cash flows and operating results of our business. We manage our inventory levels based on supply chain delivery requirements, existing orders, anticipated sales, and the delivery requirements of our customers, which requires close coordination with our customers. For new product introductions, which often require large initial launch shipments, we may commence production before receiving orders for those products. Key areas of focus include added discipline around the purchasing of product, inventory optimization and channel placement, as well as better planning and 
 18 

execution in disposition of excess inventory through our various channels. Our inventory strategy focuses on mitigating certain risks in the supply chain and continuing to meet consumer demand, while improving our inventory efficiency over the long term through the ongoing implementation of inventory optimization tools. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is typically seasonal, especially because many of our products are used in outdoor-based activities. Our sales are typically the highest between August and October because of demand relating to prime hunting season, seasonal cutlery promotions, the timing of industry trade shows, and holiday season demand. As a result of seasonal and quarterly operating fluctuations, we do not believe that comparisons between different quarters within a single year are relevant or can be relied upon as indicators of performance for any fiscal year. In fiscal 2021, we believe consumer demand was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in the outdoor recreation and personal safety markets in which we participate. This shift in demand for our products in fiscal 2021 and 2022 reduced the impact of seasonality and could make comparisons difficult in past or future years. In addition, the sale of our products may also be affected by unseasonal weather conditions. 
 Government Regulation 
 Like other manufacturers and distributors of consumer products, we are required to comply with a wide variety of federal, state, and international laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to consumer products and consumer protection, advertising and marketing, labor and employment, data protection and privacy, intellectual property, workplace health and safety, the environment, the import and export of products, and tax matters. Our failure to comply with applicable federal, state, and international laws, rules, and regulations may result in our being subject to claims, lawsuits, fines, and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. These laws, rules, and regulations currently impose significant compliance requirements on our business, and more restrictive laws, rules, and regulations may be adopted in the future. In addition, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, regulates certain of our electro-optical products, grilling, and meat processing products. 
 Human Capital 
 We believe that our employees are an indispensable contributor to our success and are critical to our ability to execute our strategy. As such, we are committed to a strong, healthy culture that provides respect for all employees, focuses on creating and sustaining an atmosphere of collaboration and innovation, and rewards team and individual successes. We embrace diverse viewpoints and perspectives, recognizing that greater inclusion fosters innovation and improves decision-making and financial results. We invest in our people accordingly. 
 Equal Opportunity Employment 
 We are committed to hiring qualified candidates without regard to race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other status. This commitment extends to all levels of our organization, including senior management and our Board of Directors. We focus on ensuring that our workforce remains open and welcoming to everyone. 
 We seek to hire and retain talented personnel to support our business. As of April 30, 2023, we had 302 employees, nearly all of whom were located in the United States. None of our employees are represented by a union in collective bargaining with us. We consider relations with our employees to be good. 
 Over the past few years, we have renewed and accelerated our actions and activities in support of diversity, equity, and inclusion, or DE I. We have also started to design and implement an employee engagement program to elicit feedback from employees for continuous improvement in various areas, including DE I. 
 Health and Safety 
 We believe the physical and mental health and well-being of our employees is important to our success. Our employee health care benefits are competitive, and include medical insurance, as well as dental and vision care programs. We support the mental well-being of our employees through our employee assistance program, which provides employee assistance for a range of mental health issues including stress and anxiety, as well as chemical dependence, legal questions, parenting matters, financial counseling, and the sourcing of dependent care resources. 
 We prioritize the health, safety, and fair treatment of our employees. We have effective oversight of our health and safety programs and perform regular health and safety reviews intended to ensure that proper policies are in place. 
 19 

Competitive Compensation 
 Our compensation program aims to attract, retain, and reward talent at all levels of the organization through a pay-for-performance philosophy. We offer competitive and comprehensive compensation and benefit programs to our employees that provide for pay and service recognition, health and wellness, financial well-being, work/life balance, culture and community, and learning and development. Our program includes the following: 
 a comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plan for our employees and their families, for which we pay approximately 89 of total premium costs; 

a 401(k) plan with a company provided match of up to 3 of the first 6 contributed by the employee; 

a profit-sharing plan, paying eligible employees a percentage of their eligible earnings based on company profits; 

twelve annual holidays, nine of which are scheduled and three of which are designated by the employee; 

a paid time off program, including paid sick and vacation time; 

paid and unpaid leaves of absence, including paid family and medical leave; 

flexible work schedules; 

flexible spending and health savings accounts; 

life and disability insurance coverage; 

employee stock purchase plan; 

on-site fitness center; 

on-site nursing room; 

employee assistance programs; and 

product discounts. 

We are committed to ensuring that all of our employees are paid a fair wage. To that end, we offer competitive wages and benefits to our employees. We base annual pay increases and incentive compensation on merit, which is communicated to employees upon hire and documented through our performance management program. Our executive compensation program is designed to align incentives with achievement of our strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. We utilize a variety of external, third-party, market data sources to ensure that our compensation practices remain fair and competitive. Benefit trends are reviewed regularly, and plans are adjusted accordingly to remain competitive. 
 Training and Development 
 The ability to attract, retain, and develop employees is critical to our success. We offer training and development programs to encourage professional growth and advancement from within, including the following: 
 tuition reimbursement for up to 100 of an employee s advanced degree; 

reimbursement for continuing professional education for our professionally licensed employees; 

support for membership in professional associations; and 

in-house training to aid with career advancement. 

We also provide access to self-directed online courses taught with curated learning paths that are designed specifically for the needs of the company and its employees. We believe that this training and development leads to more valuable contributions from our employees, while improving their satisfaction within existing roles and positioning them for potential future advancement. 
 Sustainability 
 As a core component of our broader Environmental, Social, and Governance, or ESG, efforts, our key Human Capital objective is to promote sustainability throughout our organization. In 2022, we established an Executive ESG Committee to further align our values and drive recurring sustainable growth. This group is overseen by the Board of Directors ESG Committee and typically meets monthly. Our management team and Board of Directors recognize that sustainability is an imperative and has created an internal working team that is tasked with driving progress. We continue to identify opportunities to reduce our environmental impact across our operations by reducing raw material waste, designing efficient work locations, and conserving our natural resources through recycling programs. We emphasize a culture of accountability and conduct our business in a manner that is fair, ethical, and responsible to earn the trust of our stakeholders. 
 Backlog 
 We had a backlog of orders for our products totaling 7.0 million and 3.7 million as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our backlog consists of orders for which purchase orders have been received and which are generally scheduled 
 20 

for shipment within six months or subject to capacity constraints, including lack of available product. Although we generally fulfill our order backlog, we allow orders received that have not yet shipped to be cancelled; therefore, our backlog may not be indicative of future sales. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Brian D. Murphy 

39 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

H. Andrew Fulmer 

48 

Chief Financial Officer 

Brian D. Murphy has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since the Separation. Mr. Murphy served as Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from January 2020 until the Separation. Mr. Murphy served as President of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from May 2017 to January 2020. From December 2016 until May 2017, he was President of the Outdoor Recreation Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc., the activities of which were collapsed into Outdoor Product Accessories. From February 2015 until December 2016, he was Vice President, Corporate Development of Vista Outdoor Inc., a publicly held designer, manufacturer, and marketer of outdoor sports and recreation products. From April 2013 until February 2015, Mr. Murphy was Director of Mergers Acquisitions and Director of Financial Planning Analysis for Alliant Techsystems, an aerospace, defense, and outdoor sporting goods company. Mr. Murphy held various management roles at McMaster-Carr Supply Company, a supplier of maintenance, repair, and operations materials to industrial and commercial facilities worldwide, from April 2011 until March 2013. From May 2006 until October 2010, he served as an investment banker with the publicly held firm Houlihan Lokey, where he advised companies in the areas of strategy, acquisitions, divestitures, recapitalizations, and restructuring. 
 H. Andrew Fulmer has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of our company since the Separation. Mr. Fulmer served as Vice President, Financial Planning Analysis of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from 2016 until the Separation. Mr. Fulmer was Senior Director of Financial Planning Analysis of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from January 2015 until March 2016, Director of Financial Planning Analysis from October 2011 until January 2015, and Assistant Controller from September 2010 until October 2011. From May 2006 until September 2010, Mr. Fulmer was Controller for Steeltech Building Products, a privately held construction company. From June 1996 until May 2006, Mr. Fulmer held various roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in both audit and tax. Mr. Fulmer is a licensed CPA in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
 Other Key Employees 
 The following sets forth information regarding individuals other than our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer who serve as key employees of our company. 
 Douglas V. Brown , age 44, has served as our Chief Counsel and Corporate Secretary since the Separation. Before the Separation, Mr. Brown served as Chief Counsel of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from May 2020 until the Separation. Mr. Brown previously was Associate General Counsel at Vista Outdoor Inc. from April 2018 to September 2019 and as Senior Counsel from August 2015 to April 2018. Prior to joining Vista Outdoor, Mr. Brown practiced corporate and securities law at the law firm Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP as a Corporate Associate from August 2011 to August 2015 and at the Division of Corporation Finance of the SEC as an Attorney Advisor from August 2008 to August 2011. 
 Kyle M. Carter , age 41, has served as our Corporate Controller and Assistant Secretary since the Separation. Before the Separation, Mr. Carter served as Assistant Corporate Controller of Smith Wesson Brands Inc. from October 2010 until the Separation. Prior to joining Smith Wesson Brands, Inc., Mr. Carter served as Senior Audit Associate at Cherry Bekaert LLP, with a focus on public registrant clients, from May 2006 to September 2010. 
 Elizabeth A. Sharp , age 61, has served as our Vice President of Investor Relations since the Separation. Before the Separation, Ms. Sharp served as Vice President, Investor Relations of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from May 2005 until the Separation. From June 1996 until May 2005, Ms. Sharp was Vice President of Corporate Relations for Three-Five Systems, Inc., a multi-national company providing a broad range of electronics manufacturing services, where she was responsible for investor relations, public relations, marketing communications, and media relations. From June 1986 until June 1996, Ms. Sharp served in leadership positions in Human Resources, Communications, and Administration. 
 James E. Tayon , age 33, has served as our Vice President of Marketing Product Development since March 2022. Mr. Tayon served as our Vice President of Product Development from the Separation until March 2022. Before the Separation, 
 21 

Mr. Tayon served as Vice President of Product Development of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from May 2020 until the Separation; Director of Product Development of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from March 2019 to May 2020; Product Engineering Manager of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from July 2017 until March 2019; Engineering Supervisor from August 2016 until July 2017; and a Product Development Engineer from 2012 until 2016. From 2008 until 2012, Mr. Tayon was a Product Development Engineer for J2 Scientific, a laboratory automation equipment designer and manufacturer, where he worked with Los Alamos National Labs developing custom automation solutions for nuclear sampling. 
 Brent A. Vulgamott , age 39, has served as our Vice President of Sales, Operations Analytics since March 2022. Mr. Vulgamott served as our Vice President of Operations Analytics from the Separation until March 2022. Before the Separation, Mr. Vulgamott served as Vice President of Operations of the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. from March 2020 until the Separation. From November 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Vulgamott was the Director of Finance for Lockton Companies, a privately held insurance broker. From November 2015 to November 2018, Mr. Vulgamott was Division Controller for the Outdoor Products Accessories Division of Smith Wesson Brands Inc. From April 2011 to October 2015, Mr. Vulgamott held finance leadership and management roles at Ford Motor Company and Piston Automotive, a publicly held automotive company and privately held automotive sub-supplier. From August 2007 to March 2011, Mr. Vulgamott held various accounting and financial planning and analysis roles with companies, including State Street Bank Trust Co and Cerner Corporation. 
 I tem 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investors should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all the other information included in the Form 10-K, in evaluating our company, our business, and our prospects. The most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition, and cash flows include the risk factors described below. 
 We have summarized the below risk factors as follows: 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are dependend on the proper functioning of our critical facilities, our supply chain, and distribution networks as well as the financial stability of our customers. 

We must continue to introduce new products that are successful in the marketplace. 

We rely to a significant extent on outsourcing for a substantial portion of our production, and any interruptions in these arrangements could disrupt our ability to fill our customers orders. 

The costs and availability of finished products, components, and raw materials could affect our business and operating results. 

Our business depends to a significant extent upon the brand recognition and reputation of our brands, and the failure to maintain or strengthen our brand recognition and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We often rely on third parties, including product sourcing intermediaries, independent sales representatives and agents, that act on our behalf. 

Our operating results could be materially harmed if we are unable to forecast demand for our products accurately. 

An inability to expand our e-commerce business could reduce our future growth. 

We compete in highly competitive markets with numerous large and small competitors and with limited barriers to entry. 

A substantial portion of our revenue depends on a small number of large customers. 

Retail pricing decisions made by certain of our customers could negatively impact the pricing for our products in certain online marketplaces. 

Changes in the retail industry and the markets for consumer products could negatively impact existing customer relationships and our operating results. 

We may have difficulty collecting amounts owed to us. 

We are subject to payment-related risks. 

Our performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, political, legislative, and regulatory factors. 

Our revenue and profits depend upon the level of consumer spending, which is sensitive to global economic conditions and other factors. 

We depend on our Missouric facility, which may not produce the benefits expected. 

Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events and to interruption by problems such as terrorism, cyberattacks, or failure of key information technology systems. 

Acquisitions involve significant risks, and any acquisitions that we undertake in the future could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and harm our operating results. 

22 

Any acquisitions that we undertake in the future could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, and harm our operations. 

Seasonality, weather conditions, and periodic fluctuations may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. 

Our growth strategy may require significant additional funds, the amount of which will depend upon our working capital and general corporate needs. 

We may issue a substantial amount of our common stock in the future, which could cause dilution to current investors and otherwise adversely affect our stock price. 

The failure to manage our growth could adversely affect our operations. 

Liability insurance is expensive and may be difficult to obtain. 

Our Board of Directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 

We depend on key personnel, and our business may be harmed if we fail to retain and attract skilled management and other key personnel. 

We are subject to extensive regulation and could incur fines, penalties, and other costs and liabilities under such requirements. 

Our inability to protect our intellectual property or obtain the right to use intellectual property from third parties could impair our competitive advantage, reduce our sales, and increase our costs. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property claims, which could cause us to incur litigation costs and damages payments. 

We may incur substantial expenses and devote significant resources in prosecuting others for their unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. 

We face risks relating to our international business that could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We face risks associated with international activities, including those related to compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable anti-corruption legislation. 

Increased protectionist tariffs and trade wars could further harm our business. 

Interruptions in the proper functioning of our information systems or other issues with our ERP systems could cause disruption to our operations. 

Breaches of our information systems could adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations, and result in increased costs and loss of revenue. 

If our efforts to protect the security of personal information related to any of our customers, consumers, vendors, or employees are unsuccessful and unauthorized access to that personal information is obtained, or we experience a significant disruption in our computer systems or a cyber security breach, we could experience an adverse effect on our operations, we could be subject to costly government enforcement action and private litigation, and our reputation could suffer. 

Our business involves the potential for product recalls, product liability, and other claims against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition. 

We produce or source and sell products that create exposure to potential product liability, warranty liability, or personal injury claims and litigation. 

Environmental laws and regulations may impact our business. 

There are risks associated with the Trademark License Agreement with our former parent company. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and may continue to be volatile. 

Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 

Our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws designate Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, which may limit our stockholders ability to choose a judicial forum for disputes with us. 

Your percentage ownership in our company may be diluted in the future. 

Our common stock is and will be subordinate to all of our future indebtedness and any series of preferred stock, and effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and preferred equity claims against our subsidiaries. 

Risks related to Us as a Public Company 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We will have increased costs as a result of being a public company. 

23 

If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or timely or prevent or detect fraud, which would have a material adverse effect on our business or the market price of our securities. 

Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are dependent on the proper functioning of our critical facilities, our supply chain, and distribution networks as well as the financial stability of our customers. 
 A reduction or interruption in any of our supply chain could adversely affect us. The failure of our suppliers to perform to our expectations could result in supply shortages or delays for certain products and components and harm our business. Our suppliers may encounter difficulties and other issues in obtaining the materials necessary to produce the components and parts that we use in our products. Political and economic instability in countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial and managerial instability of suppliers, the failure by suppliers to meet our standards, failure to meet production deadlines, insufficient quality control, problems with production capacity, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to our suppliers, product quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation, and other factors relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located may exist and could adversely affect our business. Damage or disruption to manufacturing and distribution capabilities of, or the disruption of deliveries from, our suppliers because of severe or catastrophic events, including weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics, or labor disruptions, including at ports or at our suppliers, could impair our product sales. 
 We may experience reductions in demand for certain products if our customers or vendors experience financial or other difficulties that adversely impact their ability to purchase or pay for our products. Significant or numerous cancellations, reductions, or delays in purchases or changes in business practices by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. A significant deterioration in the financial condition of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, criminal acts, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, and other similar events. Each of these events could be exacerbated or increase in frequency due to the effects of climate change. These risks are particularly substantial because we conduct substantially all of our operations from one location. Our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales, and achieve objectives for operating profits will depend on our proper operation of our Columbia, Missouri facility. 
 We must continue to introduce new products that are successful in the marketplace. 
 Our success depends on our ability to continue to conceive, design, produce or source, and market in a timely manner a continuing stream of innovative new products that appeal to consumers and achieve market acceptance and drive customer satisfaction and loyalty. The development of new products is a lengthy and costly process. Any new products that we develop and introduce to the marketplace may be unsuccessful in achieving customer or market acceptance or may achieve success that does not meet our expectations for a variety of reasons, including delays in introduction, unfavorable cost comparisons with alternative products, unfavorable customer or consumer acceptance, and unfavorable performance. Our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if we fail to introduce new products that consumers want to buy or we incur significant expenses related to proposed new products that prove to be unsuccessful for any reason. 
 24 

We rely to a significant extent on outsourcing for a substantial portion of our production, and any interruptions in these arrangements could disrupt our ability to fill our customers orders. 
 We source a significant portion of our made-to-order finished products and components from third-party contract manufacturers and other suppliers located primarily in Asia. We depend on our contract manufacturers and other suppliers to maintain high levels of productivity and satisfactory delivery schedules. Our ability to secure qualified suppliers that meet our quality and other standards and to receive from them these products and components in a timely and efficient manner represents a challenge, especially with suppliers located and products and components sourced outside of the United States. The ability of our suppliers to effectively satisfy our production requirements could also be impacted by their financial difficulty or damage to their operations caused by fire, pandemic, terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other events. The failure of any supplier to perform to our expectations could result in supply shortages or delays for certain products and components and harm our business. If we experience significantly increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier as a result of a lack of performance, we may be unable to supplement or replace our production capacity on a timely basis or on terms that are acceptable to us, which may increase our costs, reduce our margins, and harm our ability to deliver our products on time. For certain of our products, it may take a significant amount of time to identify and qualify a supplier that has the capability and resources to meet our product specifications in sufficient volume and satisfy our service and quality control standards. Political and economic instability in countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial and managerial instability of suppliers, the failure by suppliers to meet our standards, failure to meet production deadlines, insufficient quality control, problems with production capacity, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to our suppliers, product quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation, and other factors relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located may exist and could adversely affect our business. 
 The U.S. foreign trade policies, tariffs, and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain types of materials from other countries, and other factors relating to foreign trade may affect our suppliers and our access to products and adversely affect our business. 
 We do not have long-term agreements with any of our contract manufacturers or other suppliers that guarantee production capacity, prices, lead times, or delivery schedules. Our contract manufacturers and other suppliers serve other customers, a number of which may have greater production requirements than we do. As a result, our contract manufacturers and other suppliers could determine to prioritize production capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short notice. Lower than expected manufacturing efficiencies could increase our cost and disrupt or delay our supplies. Any of these problems could result in our inability to deliver our products in a timely manner or adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 The capacity of our contract manufacturers to produce our products also depends upon the cost and availability of raw materials. Our contract manufacturers and other suppliers may not be able to obtain sufficient supply of raw materials, which could result in delays in deliveries of our products by our manufacturers or increased costs. Any shortage of raw materials or inability of a manufacturer to produce or ship our products in a timely manner, or at all, could impair our ability to ship orders of our products in a cost-efficient, timely manner and could cause us to miss the delivery requirements of our customers. As a result, we could experience cancellations of orders, refusals to accept deliveries, or reductions in our prices and margins, any of which could harm our financial performance, reputation, and operating results. 
 We may receive product deliveries from suppliers that fail to conform to our quality control standards. In such circumstances, our inability to sell those products could have a negative effect on our net sales and increase our administrative and shipping costs if we are unable to obtain replacement products in a timely manner. 
 Damage or disruption to manufacturing and distribution capabilities of, or the disruption of deliveries from, our suppliers because of severe or catastrophic events, including weather, natural disaster, fire or explosion, terrorism, pandemics, or labor disruptions, including at ports or at our suppliers, could impair our product sales. Although we have insurance to cover potential loss from most of our suppliers for these events, we could experience losses in excess of our insured limits and any claims for various losses could be denied. In addition, failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on us, as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 
 25 

The costs and availability of finished products, components, and raw materials could affect our business and operating results. 
 The costs and availability of the finished products, components, and raw materials needed in our products can be volatile as a result of numerous factors, including general, domestic, and international economic conditions; labor costs; production levels; competition; consumer demand; import duties; tariffs; and currency exchange rates. This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of these items for us and may therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our contract manufacturers are also subject to price volatility and labor cost and other inflationary pressures, which may, in turn, result in an increase in the amount we pay for sourced products, components, and raw materials. During periods of rising prices, we may not be able to pass any portion of such increases on to customers. Conversely, when prices decline, customer demands for lower prices could result in lower sale prices and, to the extent that we have existing inventory, lower margins. As a result, fluctuations in finished products, components, or raw material prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We also use numerous raw materials, including steel, wood, lead, brass, and plastics, that we purchase from third-party suppliers to produce and test our products. Uncertainties related to governmental fiscal policies, including increased duties, tariffs, or other trade restrictions, could increase the prices of finished products, components, and raw materials we purchase from third-party suppliers. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient quantities of finished products and components, raw materials, and other supplies from independent sources could result in reduced or delayed sales or lost orders. Any delay in or loss of sales could adversely impact our operating results. Many of the finished products, components, raw materials, and other supplies that we require are available only from a limited number of suppliers. 
 Since we do not have long-term supply contracts with our contract manufacturers or other suppliers, we could be subject to increased costs, supply interruptions, and difficulties in obtaining finished products, components, and raw materials. Our suppliers also may encounter difficulties and other issues in obtaining the materials necessary to produce the components and parts that we use in our products. Although we continue to expand our supply chain and seek to utilize multiple sourcing whenever possible, the time lost in seeking and acquiring new sources of supply or the inability to locate alternative sources of supply of comparable capabilities at an acceptable price, or at all, could negatively impact our net sales and profitability. 
 Our business depends to a significant extent upon the brand recognition and reputation of our brands, and the failure to maintain or strengthen our brand recognition and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The recognition and reputation of our brands are critical aspects of our business. We believe that maintaining and further enhancing the brand recognition and reputation of our brands is critical to retaining existing customers and attracting new customers. We also believe that the importance of our brand recognition and reputation will increase as competition in our markets continues to develop. 
 We anticipate that our advertising, marketing, and promotional efforts will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to seek to enhance our brand recognition and the consumer demand for our products. Historically, we have relied on print and electronic media advertising to increase consumer awareness of our brands to increase purchasing intent and conversation. We anticipate that we will increasingly rely on other forms of media advertising, including social media and digital marketing. Our future growth and profitability will depend in large part upon the effectiveness and efficiency of our advertising, promotion, public relations, and marketing programs. These brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue and the efficacy of these activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to do the following: 
 determine the appropriate creative message and media mix and markets for advertising, marketing, and promotional expenditures; 

select the right markets, media, and specific media vehicles in which to advertise; 

identify the most effective and efficient level of spending in each market, media, and specific media vehicle; and 

effectively manage marketing costs, including creative and media expenses, in order to maintain acceptable customer acquisition costs. 

26 

Increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase our marketing and advertising expenses or cause us to choose less expensive but possibly less effective marketing and advertising channels. If we implement new marketing and advertising strategies, we may incur significantly higher costs than our current costs, which in turn could adversely affect our operating results. Implementing new marketing and advertising strategies also could increase the risk of devoting significant capital and other resources to endeavors that do not prove to be cost effective. We also may incur marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognizing revenue associated with such expenses, and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not generate sufficient levels of brand awareness and conversation or result in increased revenue. Even if our marketing and advertising expenses result in increased revenue, the increase might not offset our related expenditures. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective terms or replace or supplement existing marketing and advertising channels with similarly or more effective channels, our marketing and advertising expenses could increase substantially, our customer base could be adversely affected, and our business, operating results, financial condition, and reputation could suffer. 
 In addition, we may determine that certain of our products and brands benefit from endorsements and support from particular sporting enthusiasts, athletes, or other celebrities, and those products and brands may become personally associated with those individuals. As a result, sales of the endorsed products could be materially and adversely affected if any of those individuals images, reputations, or popularity were to be negatively impacted. 
 We often rely on third parties, including product sourcing intermediaries, independent sales representatives and agents, that act on our behalf. 
 We often rely on third parties, including product sourcing intermediaries, independent sales representatives, and agents. These representatives and agents sometimes have the actual or apparent authority to enter into agreements on our behalf. The actions of these third parties could adversely affect our business if they agree to low margin contracts or conduct themselves in a manner that damages our reputation in the marketplace. We also face a risk that these third parties could violate domestic or foreign laws, which could put us at risk for prosecution in the United States or internationally. 
 Our operating results could be materially harmed if we are unable to forecast demand for our products accurately. 
 We often schedule internal production and place orders for finished products, components, and raw materials with third-party suppliers before receiving firm orders from our customers. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products to deliver to our customers. Factors that could affect our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products include the following: 
 our failure to accurately forecast customer acceptance of new products; 

an increase or decrease in consumer demand for our products or for the products of our competitors; 

new product introductions by competitors; 

our relationships with customers; 

general market conditions and other factors, which may result in cancellations of orders or a reduction or increase in the rate of reorders placed by customers; 

general market conditions, economic conditions, and consumer confidence levels, which could reduce demand for discretionary items, such as our products; and 

the domestic political environment, including debates over the regulation of various consumer products. 

Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we underestimate demand for our products, we and our third-party suppliers may not be able to produce products to meet customer demand, and this could result in delays in the shipment of products and lost revenues, as well as damage to our reputation and customer relationships. We may not be able to manage inventory levels successfully to meet future order and reorder requirements. 
 27 

An inability to expand our e-commerce business could reduce our future growth. 
 Consumers are increasingly shopping online via e-commerce retailers, and we face intense pressure to make our products readily and conveniently available via e-commerce services. Our success in participating in e-commerce depends on our ability to effectively use our marketing resources to communicate with existing and potential customers. To increase our e-commerce sales, we may have to be more promotional to compete, which could impact our gross margin and increase our marketing expenses. We recently developed and continue to enhance our direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform, but rely to an extent on third party e-commerce websites to sell our products, which could lead to our e-commerce customers being able to have control over the pricing of our products. This in turn could lead to adverse relationship consequences with our customers that operate brick and mortar locations as they may perceive themselves to be at a disadvantage based on the e-commerce pricing to end consumers. We may not be able to successfully expand our e-commerce business and respond to shifting consumer traffic patterns and direct-to-consumer buying trends. 
 In addition, e-commerce and direct-to-consumer operations are subject to numerous risks, including implementing and maintaining appropriate technology to support business strategies; reliance on third-party computer hardware/software and service providers; data breaches; violations of federal, state, and international laws, including those relating to online privacy, credit card fraud, telecommunication failures, electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions; and disruptions of Internet service. Our inability to adequately respond to these risks and uncertainties or to successfully maintain and expand our direct-to-consumer business may have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 We plan to continue to expand our brand recognition and product loyalty through social media and our websites, with generation of original content. These efforts are intended to yield greater traffic to our websites and increase our direct-to-consumer revenue. By doing so, we will become to an extent a competitor to our customers, reducing their revenue in the process. This could lead to adverse relationships with our online and brick and mortar retail customers, which could have an adverse impact on our operating results. 
 We compete in highly competitive markets with numerous large and small competitors and with limited barriers to entry. 
 We operate in highly competitive markets that are characterized by competition from major and small domestic and international companies. Our competitors include Vista Outdoor and a large number of small private companies that directly compete with a limited number of our brands. 
 Competition in the markets in which we operate is based on a number of factors, including innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, durability, consumer brand awareness, and customer service and support. Competition could cause price reductions, loss of market share, reduced profits, or operating losses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Certain of our competitors may have more established brand names and stronger market partners than we do, be more diversified than we are, or have available financial and marketing resources that are substantially greater than ours, which may allow them to invest more heavily in intellectual property, product development, and advertising. In addition, the proliferation of private labels and exclusive brands offered by department stores, chain stores, and mass channel retailers could lead to reduced sales and prices of our products. 
 Certain of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower profit margins to compete with us. Further, customers often demand that suppliers reduce their prices on mature products, which could lead to lower margins. 
 In addition, our products compete with many other sporting and recreational products and activities for the discretionary spending of consumers. Failure to effectively compete with these activities or alternative products could have a material adverse effect on our performance. 
 A substantial portion of our revenue depends on a small number of large customers. 
 We sell our products through online retailers, sport specialty stores, sporting goods stores, dealers and distributors, and mass market home and auto retailers. The world s largest e-commerce retailer accounted for 25.4 of our fiscal 2023 net sales through its very extensive customer base of end consumers. Of our total revenue, sales pursuant to our former parent company licenses accounted for an aggregate of 14.9 of our net sales for fiscal 2023 from our various sales channels. 
 28 

Although we have long-established relationships with many of our customers, we generally do not have any long-term supply or binding contracts or guarantees of minimum purchases with our customers. Purchases by our customers are generally made through individual purchase orders. As a result, these customers may cancel their orders, change purchase quantities from forecast volumes, delay purchases for a number of reasons, or change other terms of the business relationship. Significant or numerous cancellations, reductions, or delays in purchases or changes in business practices by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, because many of our costs are fixed, a reduction in customer demand could have an adverse effect on our gross profit margins and operating income. 
 A significant deterioration in the financial condition of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. We regularly monitor and evaluate the credit status of our customers and attempt to adjust sales terms as appropriate. Despite these efforts, substantial financial issues or a bankruptcy filing by a key customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Retail pricing decisions made by certain of our customers could negatively impact the pricing for our products in certain online marketplaces. 
 Many of our customers have manual or automated processes to match retail prices in the marketplace. We have a policy that requires our customers to maintain minimum advertised pricing on certain of our products, unless we allow otherwise. This policy serves to help stabilize the pricing for our products at retail. If a customer decreases its retail prices below our minimum threshold, other retailers could also reduce pricing on the same product, thus devaluing that product in the marketplace. This practice could cause us to lower our prices to customers or to compensate them financially for the loss in their inventory value, and, therefore, this could yield an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Changes in the retail industry and the markets for consumer products could negatively impact existing customer relationships and our operating results. 
 In recent years, the retail industry has experienced consolidation and other ownership changes. In the future, retailers may further consolidate, undergo restructurings or reorganizations, realign their affiliations, or reposition the target markets for their stores. These developments could result in a reduction in the number of retailers that carry our products, increased ownership concentration within the retail industry, increased credit exposure, and increased retailer leverage over their suppliers, such as us. These changes could impact our opportunities in the market and increase our reliance on a smaller number of large customers. 
 We depend on a continuous flow of new orders from large, high-volume retail customers, but we may be unable to continually meet the needs of these customers. Retailers are increasing their demands on suppliers to take various actions, including the following: 
 reduce lead times for product delivery, which may require us to increase inventories and could impact the timing of reported sales; 

require us to fulfill their direct-to-consumer website orders, or drop shipping, which could increase our cost per unit, lead to higher inventory levels, and increase freight costs; 

improve customer service in which products are supplied directly to retailers from third-party suppliers; and 

adopt technologies related to inventory management that may have substantial implementation costs. 

We may not be able to successfully meet the needs of our customers. A substantial decrease in sales to any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 As a result of the desire of retailers to more closely manage inventory levels, there is a growing trend among retailers to make purchases on a just-in-time basis. This requires us to shorten our lead times for production in certain cases and more closely anticipate demand, which could, in the future, require us to carry additional inventories. We also may be negatively affected by changes in the policies of our retail customers, such as inventory destocking, limitations on access to and time on shelf space, use of private label brands, price demands, payment terms, and other conditions, which could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 These foregoing factors could result in a shift of bargaining power to the retail industry and in fewer outlets for our products. Further consolidations could result in price and other competition that could reduce our margins and our net sales. 
 29 

We may have difficulty collecting amounts owed to us. 
 Certain of our customers may experience credit-related issues. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of customers, but these evaluations may not be completely effective. We grant payment terms to most customers ranging from 30 to 90 days and do not generally require collateral. However, in some instances, we provide longer payment terms. Should more customers than we anticipate experience liquidity issues, or if payments are not received on a timely basis, we may have difficulty collecting amounts owed to us by such customers and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 Through our growth strategy, our sales could become increasingly dependent on purchases by several large customers. Consolidation in the retail industry could also adversely affect our business. If our sales were to become increasingly dependent on business with several large customers, we could experience more concentrated credit-related risks and be adversely affected by the loss or a significant decline in sales to one or more of these customers. In addition, our dependence on a smaller group of customers could result in their increased bargaining position and pressures on the prices we charge. 
 We are subject to payment-related risks. 
 We accept a variety of payment methods, including credit cards, debit cards, electronic funds transfers, electronic payment systems, and gift cards. Accordingly, we are subject to significant and evolving regulations and compliance requirements, including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that could result in increased costs and liability and reduce the ease of use of certain payment methods. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, as well as electronic payment systems, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. We rely on independent service providers for payment processing, including credit and debit cards. If these independent service providers become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us or if the cost of using these providers increases, our business could be harmed. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and agreements, including data security rules and agreements, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if there is a breach or compromise of our data security systems, we may be liable for losses incurred by card issuing banks or customers, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or the loss of our ability to accept credit or debit card payments from our customers or process electronic fund transfers or facilitate other types of payments. Any failure to comply could significantly harm our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, political, legislative, and regulatory factors. 
 Our performance is influenced by a variety of economic, social, political, legislative, and regulatory factors. General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Economic uncertainty, unfavorable employment levels, declines in consumer confidence, increases in consumer debt levels, increased commodity prices, and other economic factors may affect consumer spending on discretionary items and adversely affect the demand for our products. 
 In addition, sluggish economies and consumer uncertainty regarding future economic prospects in our key markets may have an adverse effect on the financial health of certain of our customers, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We extend credit to our customers for periods of varying duration based on an assessment of the customer s financial condition, generally without requiring collateral, which increases our exposure to the risk of uncollectable receivables. In addition, we face increased risk of order reduction or cancellation when dealing with financially ailing customers or customers struggling with economic uncertainty. We may reduce our level of business with customers and distributors experiencing financial difficulties and may not be able to replace that business with other customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. In times of uncertain market conditions, there is also increased risk of inventories which cannot be liquidated in an efficient manner and may result in excess levels of inventory. 
 Social, political, and other factors also can affect our performance. Concerns about presidential, congressional, and state elections and legislature and policy shifts resulting from those elections can affect the demand for our products. In addition, speculation surrounding increased gun control and hunting regulations at the federal, state, and local level can affect consumer demand for our products since a significant amount of our products find applications in shooting and hunting activities. Often, such concerns result in an increase in near-term consumer demand and subsequent softening of demand when such concerns subside. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 30 

Federal and state legislatures frequently consider legislation relating to the regulation of firearms, including amendment or repeal of existing legislation. Existing laws may also be affected by future judicial rulings and interpretations. These possible changes to existing legislation or the enactment of new legislation may seek to restrict the ownership of various types of firearms and accessories. Such restrictive changes to legislation could reduce the demand for certain of our products that relate to firearms. In addition, gun-control activists may succeed in imposing restrictions or an outright ban on private gun ownership. Such restrictions or bans could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our revenue and profits depend upon the level of consumer spending, which is sensitive to global economic conditions and other factors. 
 The success of our business depends on consumer spending, and there are a number of factors that influence consumer spending, including actual and perceived economic conditions; disposable consumer income; interest rates; consumer credit availability; employment levels; stock market performance; weather conditions; energy prices; consumer discretionary spending patterns; and tax rates in the international, national, regional, and local markets where our products are produced or sold. The current global economic environment is unpredictable, and adverse economic trends or other factors could negatively impact the level of consumer spending, which could have a material adverse impact on us. 
 We depend on our Missouri facility, which may not produce the benefits expected. 
 We are extremely dependent on our facility in Columbia, Missouri. The facility houses our principal executive, administrative, financial, sales, marketing, distribution, research and development, assembly, and quality inspection operations. We have the exclusive right to utilize approximately 400,000 square feet of the approximately 613,000 rentable square feet in the facility, as well as access to the facility s common areas, under a sublease from our former parent company. Effective on January 1, 2024, we will no longer be subject to the provisions and terms of the Sublease, but instead we will have use of the entire Building under the Lease. 
 Our ability to meet customer expectations, manage inventory, complete sales, and achieve objectives for operating profits will depend on our proper operation of the facility. 
 Our business is subject to the risk of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events and to interruption by problems such as terrorism, cyberattacks, or failure of key information technology systems. 
 Our business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, power losses, telecommunications failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, criminal acts, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, and other similar events. Each of these events could be exacerbated or increase in frequency due to the effects of climate change. These risks are particularly substantial because we conduct substantially all of our operations from one location. We maintain casualty and business interruption insurance, but it may not adequately protect us from the types and amounts of losses we may incur or from the adverse effect that may be caused by significant disruptions in our product distribution, such as the long-term loss of customers or an erosion of our brand image. In addition, the facilities of certain of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are subject to the same and additional risks, especially since some of them are located in parts of Asia that experience typhoons, earthquakes, other natural disasters, and public health crises. 
 Our computer systems, and third-party cloud-based solutions, may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, criminal acts, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, or loss of critical data. As we rely heavily on our information technology and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business and provide high-quality customer service, these disruptions could harm our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt our suppliers or manufacturers businesses, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 31 

Acquisitions involve significant risks, and any acquisitions that we undertake in the future could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and harm our operating results. 
 We have a plan to expand our operations through acquisitions to enhance our existing products and offer new products, enter new markets and businesses, strengthen and avoid interruption from our supply chain, and improve our position in current markets and businesses. Acquisitions involve significant risks and uncertainties. We cannot accurately predict the timing, size, and success of any future acquisitions. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in the returns required by our acquisition criteria. Acquisitions also may become more difficult in the future as we or others acquire the most attractive candidates. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our ability to complete acquisitions that we desire to make in the future will depend upon various factors, including the following: 
 the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices; 

the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities; 

the availability of cash resources, borrowing capacity, or other forms of consideration at favorable pricing that would enable us to offer the required acquisition purchase prices; 

the ability of management to devote sufficient attention to acquisition efforts; and 

the ability to obtain any requisite governmental or other approvals. 

We plan to pursue acquisitions of companies involved in what we consider the rugged outdoor market (which may include shooting, hunting, fishing, camping, hiking, personal security and defense, and a variety of other outdoor recreational and leisure activities), companies that perform manufacturing services for us or supply us with components or materials, and other businesses that we regard as complementary to our business. We may have little or no experience with certain acquired businesses, which could involve significantly different supply chains, production techniques, customers, and competitive factors than our current business. This lack of experience would require us to rely to a great extent on the management teams of these acquired businesses. These acquisitions also could require us to make significant investments in systems, equipment, facilities, and personnel in anticipation of growth. These costs could be essential to implement our growth strategy in supporting our expanded activities and resulting corporate structure changes. We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as we expand into these new markets within the time frames we expect, if at all. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as we expand into these new markets, or do not achieve them within the time frames we expect, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 As a part of any potential acquisition, we may engage in discussions with various acquisition candidates. In connection with these discussions, we and each potential acquisition candidate may exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries, and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition. In certain cases, the prospective acquisition candidate may agree not to discuss a potential acquisition with any other party for a specific period of time and agree to take other actions designed to enhance the possibility of the acquisition, such as preparing audited financial information. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time-to-time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated, but may result in increased legal, consulting, and other costs. 
 Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with future acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. Any future acquisitions may not meet our strategic objectives or perform as anticipated. In addition, the size, timing, and success of any future acquisitions may cause substantial fluctuations in our operating results from quarter to quarter. These interim fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 32 

If we finance any future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, existing stockholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their common stock and earnings per share could be negatively impacted. The extent to which we will be able or willing to use our common stock for acquisitions will depend on the market price of our common stock from time-to-time and the willingness of potential acquisition candidates to accept our common stock as full or partial consideration for the sale of their businesses. Our inability to use our common stock as consideration, to generate cash from operations, or to obtain additional funding through debt or equity financings in order to pursue an acquisition could limit our growth. 
 Any acquisitions that we undertake in the future could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, and harm our operations. 
 We may be unable to effectively complete an integration of the management, operations, facilities, accounting, and information systems of acquired businesses with our own; to implement effective controls to mitigate legal and business risks with which we have no prior experience; to manage efficiently the combined operations of the acquired businesses with our operations; to achieve our operating, growth, and performance goals for acquired businesses; to achieve additional sales as a result of our expanded operations; or to achieve operating efficiencies or otherwise realize cost savings as a result of anticipated acquisition synergies. The integration of acquired businesses involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including the following: 
 the failure of acquired businesses to achieve expected results; 

the potential disruption of our core businesses; 

risks associated with entering markets and businesses in which we have little or no prior experience; 

diversion of management s attention from our core businesses; 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

risks associated with increased regulatory or compliance matters; 

failure to retain key customers, suppliers, or personnel of acquired businesses; 

the potential strain on our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures; 

greater than anticipated costs and expenses related to the integration of the acquired businesses with our business; 

potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

risks associated with weak internal controls over information technology systems and associated cyber security risks; 

meeting the challenges inherent in effectively managing an increased number of employees in diverse locations; 

the risk of impairment charges related to potential write-downs of acquired assets; and 

the challenge of creating uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems. 

Seasonality, weather conditions, and periodic fluctuations may cause our operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. 
 Our business is typically seasonal. Our sales have typically been highest between August and October due to shipments around the fall hunting and holiday seasons. The seasonality of our sales may change in the future. Seasonal variations in our operating results may reduce our cash on hand, increase our inventory levels, and extend our accounts receivable collection periods. This in turn may cause us to increase our debt levels and interest expense to fund our working capital requirements. 
 Various factors contribute to significant periodic and seasonal fluctuations in our operating results. These factors include the following: 
 market acceptance of our products, including new products; 

market acceptance and new product introductions by our competitors; 

our ability to pass along price increases in response to market conditions; 

the timing of large domestic and international orders; 

the cancellation of existing orders; 

33 

changes in our sales mix; 

the cost of new product introductions; 

problems with our supply chain; 

the volume of customer orders relative to our capacity; 

the timing of expenditures in anticipation of future customer orders; 

effectiveness in managing production processes and costs; 

changes in cost and availability of labor and finished products, components, and raw materials; 

ability to manage inventory and inventory obsolescence; 

pricing and other competitive pressures; 

changes or anticipated changes in economic, social, political, legislative, and regulatory factors; 

the outcome of any litigation; 

adverse publicity surrounding our products, the safety of our products, or the use of our products; 

changes in amount or timing of our operating expenses; and 

changes in laws and regulations that may affect the marketability of our products. 

Our annual and quarterly operating results may also fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of other factors, including, among other things, the timing of the introduction of and advertising for our new products and those of our competitors and changes in our product mix. Variations in weather conditions may also affect our quarterly operating results as certain of our products are primarily for outdoor use. In addition, we may not be able to adjust our spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in our sales. As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, we believe that comparisons of our operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year, or across different fiscal years, are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of our future performance, including the performance for the full year based on quarterly performance. In the event that any seasonal or quarterly fluctuations in our net sales and operating results result in our failure to meet our forecasts or the forecasts of the research analysts that may cover us in the future, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate or decline. 
 Our growth strategy may require significant additional funds, the amount of which will depend upon our working capital and general corporate needs. 
 Any substantial borrowings made to finance operations or future acquisitions could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings. If our cash flow from operations is insufficient to meet our debt service requirements, we could be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations, or dispose of assets in order to meet our debt service requirements. Adequate financing may not be available if and when we need it or may not be available on terms or at a rate acceptable to us. The failure to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms and conditions could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 From time to time, we may seek additional equity or debt financing to provide funds for the expansion of our business. We cannot predict the timing or amount of any such financing requirements at this time. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to expand our business or to develop new business at the rate desired, and our operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing stockholders. 
 We may issue a substantial amount of our common stock in the future, which could cause dilution to current investors and otherwise adversely affect our stock price. 
 We may issue additional shares of common stock to fund our operations, to provide competitive compensation packages to our employees, or for acquisitions. These issuances could be significant. To the extent that we issue our shares of common stock, your equity interest in us will be diluted. Any such issuance will also increase the number of outstanding shares of common stock that will be eligible for re-sale in the future. Persons receiving shares of our common stock in connection with acquisitions may be more likely to sell their common stock, which may influence the price of our common stock. In addition, the potential issuance of additional shares in connection with anticipated acquisitions could lessen demand for our common stock and result in a lower price than might otherwise be obtained. 
 34 

The failure to manage our growth could adversely affect our operations. 
 To continue to expand our business and strengthen our competitive position, we must make significant investments in systems, equipment, facilities, product development, and personnel. In addition, we may commit significant funds to increase our sales, marketing, information technology, and research and development efforts in order to expand our business. A failure to sufficiently increase our revenue to offset those potential increased costs could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 The failure to manage our growth effectively could adversely affect our operations. Managing our planned growth effectively will require us to take various actions, including the following: 
 enhance our operational, financial, and management systems; 

benefit from our Columbia, Missouri facility; and 

successfully hire, train, and motivate additional employees, including additional personnel for our product development, sales, and marketing efforts. 

The expansion of our products and customer base may result in increases in our overhead and selling expenses. We also may be required to increase staffing and other expenses as well as our expenditures on capital equipment and leasehold improvements in order to meet the demand for our products. Any increase in expenditures in anticipation of future sales that do not materialize would adversely affect our profitability. 
 Liability insurance is expensive and may be difficult to obtain. 
 Liability insurance coverage is expensive and from time to time may be difficult or impossible to obtain, particularly as a result of the intended use of certain of our product offerings. Our insurance policies are subject to periodic review by our insurers and may not be renewed at all or on similar or favorable terms. 
 Our Board of Directors may change significant corporate policies without stockholder approval. 
 Our investment, financing, borrowing, and dividend policies and our policies with respect to all other activities, including growth, debt, capitalization, and operations, will be determined by our Board of Directors. These policies may be amended or revised at any time and from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Directors without a vote of our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may change our policies with respect to conflicts of interest provided that such changes are consistent with applicable legal requirements. A change in these policies could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock, and ability to satisfy any debt service obligations. 
 We depend on key personnel, and our business may be harmed if we fail to retain and attract skilled management and other key personnel. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued services of our current senior management team, including Brian D. Murphy, our President and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of Mr. Murphy or one or more of our other key executives or employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of any of our executive officers or any of our other employees. Except in the case of Mr. Murphy with whom we have an employment agreement, we employ all of our executive officers and key employees on an at-will basis, and their employment can be terminated by us or by them at any time, for any reason, and without advance notice, subject to certain severance obligations upon termination. In order to retain valuable employees, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we regard our ability as a public company to grant stock-based compensation as an important component of our ability to attract and retain key personnel. The value to employees of stock-based compensation over time will be significantly affected by movements in our stock price and may at any time be insufficient to counteract offers from other companies. 
 35 

Our success also depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate additional skilled non-management personnel. We plan to continue to expand our workforce to continue to improve our business and operating results. We believe that there is significant competition for qualified personnel with the skills and knowledge that we require. Other companies with which we compete for qualified personnel may have or have access to greater financial and other resources than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than those which we have to offer. If we are not able to retain our current key personnel, or attract the necessary qualified key personnel, to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will impede the achievement of our business objectives and our ability to pursue our business strategy. New hires require significant training and, in most cases, take significant time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If our recruiting, training, and retention efforts are not successful or do not generate a corresponding increase in revenue, our business may be harmed. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and could incur fines, penalties, and other costs and liabilities under such requirements. 
 Like other producers and sellers of consumer products, we are required to comply with a wide variety of federal, state, local, and international laws, rules, and regulations, including those related to consumer products and consumer protection, advertising and marketing, labor and employment, data protection and privacy, intellectual property, workplace safety, the environment, the import and export of products, and taxes. Our failure to comply with applicable federal, state, local, or international laws, rules, and regulations may result in our being subject to claims, lawsuits, fines, and adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. These laws, rules, and regulations currently impose significant compliance requirements on our business, and more restrictive laws, rules, and regulations may be adopted in the future. 
 Our inability to protect our intellectual property or obtain the right to use intellectual property from third parties could impair our competitive advantage, reduce our sales, and increase our costs. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual property claims, which could cause us to incur litigation costs and damages payments. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, trade dress, customer records, monitoring, brand protection services, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property, but these measures may provide only limited protection. Our failure to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights or obtain the right to use necessary intellectual property from third parties may lead to our loss of trademark and service mark rights, brand loyalty, and notoriety among our customers and prospective customers. The scope of any intellectual property to which we have or may obtain rights may not prevent others from developing and selling competing products. In addition, our intellectual property may be held invalid upon challenge, or others may claim rights in, or ownership of, our intellectual property. Moreover, we may become subject to litigation with parties that claim, among other matters, that we infringed their patents or other intellectual property rights. The defense and prosecution of patent and other intellectual property claims are both costly and time-consuming and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Patents may not be issued for the patent applications that we have filed or may file in the future. Our issued patents may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, and claims of our patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength, or issued in the proper geographic regions, to provide meaningful protection or any commercial advantage. We have registered certain of our trademarks and trade dress in the United States and other countries. We have also recorded certain of our registered trademarks with customs officials in the United States and other countries. We may be unable to enforce existing or obtain new registrations of principle or other trademarks in key markets. Failure to obtain or enforce such registrations could compromise our ability to protect fully our trademarks and brands and could increase the risk of challenges from third parties to our use of our trademarks and brands. 
 In the past, we did not consistently require our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements, employment agreements, or proprietary information and invention agreements; however, we now require such agreements. As a result, these employees and consultants may try to claim some ownership interest in our intellectual property and may use our intellectual property competitively and without appropriate limitations. In addition, our acquired businesses may not have consistently required their employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality agreements, employment agreements, or proprietary information and invention agreements. Claims by such individuals may affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 36 

We may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims against us that could be expensive and use management and other resources regardless of whether the claim has merit. If it is determined that our products infringe upon another party s intellectual property, we could be forced to make payment for past infringements and enter into costly royalty or licensing agreements in order to be able to continue to sell our products or, perhaps, discontinue use of the protected technology. Such agreements or resolutions may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 We may incur substantial expenses and devote significant resources in prosecuting others for their unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. 
 We may become involved in litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Other companies, including our competitors, may develop intellectual property that is similar or superior to our intellectual property, duplicate our intellectual property, or design around our patents and proprietary rights. Other companies also may have or obtain patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our products. Effective intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries in which we sell or source products or components or from which competing products may be sold. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise use aspects of our intellectual property and products that we regard as proprietary. Our means of protecting our proprietary rights in the United States or abroad may prove to be inadequate, and competitors may be able to independently develop similar intellectual property. If our intellectual property protection is insufficient to protect our intellectual property rights, we could face increased competition in the markets for our products. 
 Should any of our competitors file patent applications or obtain patents that claim inventions also claimed by us, we may choose to participate in an interference proceeding to determine the right to a patent for these inventions because our business would be harmed if we fail to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights. Even if the outcome is favorable, this proceeding could result in substantial cost to us and disrupt our business. 
 In the future, we also may need to file lawsuits to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This type of litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We face risks relating to our international business that could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our ability to conduct operations in our existing international markets and to capitalize on growth in new international markets is subject to risks associated with our doing business internationally, including the following: 
 issues related to managing international operations; 

potentially adverse tax developments; 

greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting intellectual property rights; 

currency exchange issues; 

import and export controls; 

social, political, and economic instability in the countries in which we operate; 

local laws and regulations, including those governing labor, product safety, and environmental protection; 

changes to international treaties and regulations; 

changes in tariffs, import duties, or import or export restrictions; 

limitations on our ability to efficiently repatriate cash from our foreign operations; 

restrictive actions by foreign governments; 

complications in complying with the laws and policies of the United States affecting the importation of goods, including tariffs, duties, quotas, and taxes; 

required compliance with U.S. laws that impact our operations in foreign jurisdictions that do not impact local operating companies; and 

complications in complying with trade and foreign tax laws. 

37 

As we source finished products, components, and raw materials in Asia, a significant disruption of the political or financial systems in countries in that region could put these operations at risk, which could ultimately adversely affect our profitability or operating results. 
 We face risks associated with international activities, including those related to compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable anti-corruption legislation. 
 Political and economic conditions abroad may result in a reduction of or inhibition of our growth in our sales in numerous foreign countries and our purchase of certain finished products and components from suppliers in certain countries in Asia and Europe, including China and, to a lesser extent, Taiwan and Myanmar. Our efforts to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or other applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, may limit our international business activities, necessitate the implementation of certain processes and compliance programs, and subject us to enforcement actions or penalties for noncompliance. Both the United States and foreign governments have increased their oversight and enforcement activities in this area in recent years, and we expect applicable agencies to continue to increase such activities in the future. 
 Increased protectionist tariffs and trade wars could further harm our business. 
 We are currently subject to tariffs on a significant number of our products. Increases in protectionist trade legislation in either the United States or foreign countries, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export or import compliance laws, or other trade policies, could reduce our ability to sell our products in foreign markets, the ability of foreign customers to purchase our products, and our ability to import products, components, and raw materials from foreign suppliers. The United States has imposed and threatened to impose further tariffs on a variety of products and materials imported from various foreign countries. Tariff policies of the United States may result in retaliatory actions by affected countries, potentially resulting in trade wars and increased costs for goods imported into the United States. Any tariffs that result in increased costs or unavailability of imported products or components that we obtain for resale from foreign suppliers or raw materials used in the production of our products could require us to increase the prices of the products we sell or result in lower gross margins on such products if we are unable to increase the price of such products to our customers. Furthermore, increased pricing on these products could lead to lower consumer demand. 
 These tariffs have the potential to significantly increase the cost of our products. In such a case, we may not be able to shift manufacturing and supply agreements to non-impacted countries, including the United States, to reduce the effects of the tariffs. As a result, we may suffer margin erosion or be required to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers, negatively impact our operating results, or otherwise harm our business. In addition, the imposition of tariffs on products that we export to international markets could make such products more expensive compared to those of our competitors if we pass related additional costs on to our customers, which may also result in the loss of customers, negatively impact our operating results, or otherwise harm our business. 
 Interruptions in the proper functioning of our information systems or other issues with our ERP systems could cause disruption to our operations. 
 We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business, data, communications, supply chain, ordering, pricing, billing, inventory replenishment, accounting functions, and other processes. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources, including power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyber security breaches, vandalism, severe weather conditions, catastrophic events, terrorism, and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Our current, and any future, disaster recovery measures cannot address all potential contingencies. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become compromised or unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our information technology systems require periodic modifications, upgrades, and replacements that subject us to costs and risks, including potential disruption to our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel or outside firms to implement and operate existing or new systems, and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new or modified systems or of integrating new or modified systems into our current systems. In addition, challenges implementing new or modified technology systems may cause disruptions in our business operations and have an adverse effect on our business operations if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated. 
 38 

Breaches of our information systems could adversely affect our reputation, disrupt our operations, and result in increased costs and loss of revenue. 
 There have been an increasing number of cyber security incidents affecting companies around the world, which have caused operational failures or compromised sensitive or confidential corporate data. Although we do not believe our systems are at a greater risk of cyber security incidents than other similar organizations, such cyber security incidents may result in the loss or compromise of customer, financial, or operational data; loss of assets; disruption of billing, collections, or normal operating activities; disruption of electronic monitoring and control of operational systems; and delays in financial reporting and other management functions. In addition, acquisitions of smaller, closely held companies could increase our risk as they often lack the systems, policies, procedures, and controls of larger companies. Possible impacts associated with cyber security incidents (which generally are increasing in sophistication as well as frequency) may include, among others, remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data; repairs to data processing systems; increased cyber security protection costs; reputational damage; lawsuits seeking damages; regulatory actions; and adverse effects on our compliance with applicable privacy and other laws and regulations. Such occurrences could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If our efforts to protect the security of personal information related to any of our customers, consumers, vendors, or employees are unsuccessful and unauthorized access to that personal information is obtained, or we experience a significant disruption in our computer systems or a cyber security breach, we could experience an adverse effect on our operations, we could be subject to costly government enforcement action and private litigation, and our reputation could suffer. 
 Our operations involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information related to customers, consumers, vendors, and employees, such as credit card and bank account numbers, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, government enforcement action and litigation, and possible liability. Our payment services may be susceptible to credit card and other payment fraud schemes, including unauthorized use of credit cards, debit cards, bank account information, identity theft, and merchant fraud. 
 If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to data of our customers, consumers, vendors, or employees, our reputation may be damaged, our business may suffer, and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose customers and consumers, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Any breach of our data security or that of our service providers could result in an unauthorized release or transfer of customer, consumer, vendor, user, or employee information; cause the loss of valuable business data; or cause a disruption in our business. These events could give rise to unwanted media attention; damage our reputation; damage our customer, consumer, employee, vendor, or user relationships; and result in lost sales, fines, or lawsuits. We may also be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against or respond to or alleviate problems caused by a security breach, which could harm our operating results. If we or our independent service providers or business partners experience a breach of systems compromising our customers sensitive data, our brand could be harmed, sales of our products could decrease, and we could be exposed to losses, litigation, or regulatory proceedings. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may also have obligations to notify users, law enforcement, or payment companies about the incident and may need to provide some form of remedy, such as refunds, for the individuals affected by the incident. 
 39 

Our business involves the potential for product recalls, product liability, and other claims against us, which could affect our earnings and financial condition. 
 As a distributor of consumer products, we are subject to the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Act of 1972, as amended by the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, which empowers the Consumer Products Safety Commission to exclude from the market products that are found to be unsafe or hazardous, and similar laws under foreign jurisdictions. Under certain circumstances, the Consumer Products Safety Commission or comparable foreign agency could require us to repurchase or recall one or more of our products. Additionally, other laws and agencies regulate certain consumer products sold by us and more restrictive laws and regulations may be adopted in the future. Any repurchase or recall of our products could be costly and damage our reputation. If we were required to remove, or we voluntarily remove, our products from the market, our reputation could be tarnished and we might have large quantities of finished products that we could not sell. We also face exposure to product liability claims in the event that one of our products is alleged to have resulted in property damage, bodily injury, or other adverse effects. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties that may result from any governmental investigations, product liability claims, or regulatory actions, such events could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace, adversely impact the value of our brands, and result in an increase in the cost of producing our products. Similar to product liability claims, we face exposure to class action lawsuits related to the performance, safety, or advertising of our products. Such class action lawsuits could result in substantial monetary judgments, injunctions related to the sale of products, and potentially tarnish our reputation. 
 Although we maintain product liability insurance in amounts that we believe are reasonable, that insurance is, in limited cases, subject to large self-insured retentions for which we are responsible, and we may not be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future and product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance coverage. As a result, product recalls or product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, we face potential other types of litigation arising out of alleged defects in our products or otherwise, such as class action lawsuits. We do not maintain insurance against many types of claims involving alleged defects in our products that do not involve personal injury or property damage. We spend substantial resources ensuring compliance with governmental and other applicable standards. 
 We produce or source and sell products that create exposure to potential product liability, warranty liability, or personal injury claims and litigation. 
 Some of our products are used in applications and situations that involve risk of personal injury and death. Our products expose us to potential product liability, warranty liability, personal injury claims, and litigation relating to the use or misuse of our products, including allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product or activities associated with the product, negligence, and strict liability. If successful, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, defects in our products could reduce demand for our products and result in a decrease in sales and market acceptance and damage to our reputation. 
 Components used in our products may contain undetected defects that are subsequently discovered at any point in the life of the product. In addition, we obtain many of our finished products and components from third-party suppliers and may not be able to detect defects in such products or components until after they are sold. Defects in our products may result in a loss of sales, recall expenses, delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation, and increased warranty costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Environmental laws and regulations may impact our business. 
 We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws that regulate or otherwise relate to the protection of the environment. In our efforts to satisfy our environmental, health, and safety responsibilities and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, we maintain policies relating to the environmental, health, and safety standards for our operations and conduct programs to monitor compliance with various environmental regulations. However, in the normal course of our operations, we may become subject to governmental proceedings and orders pertaining to waste disposal, air emissions, and water discharges into the environment. We believe, based on the information available to us, that we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental regulations. 
 We could have contamination on the properties we lease and our operations could cause contamination in the future. As a result, we could incur costs to clean up contamination. Furthermore, we could be subject to future environmental, health, and safety compliance requirements or of the cost of resolution of future regulatory proceedings and claims. Additional or changing environmental health and safety regulation may become burdensome in the future, and any such development could have an adverse effect on us. 
 40 

There are risks associated with the Trademark License Agreement with our former parent company. 
 We currently license the Smith Wesson, M P, T/C, and Performance Center trademarks from our former parent company. If the Trademark License Agreement with our former parent company is not renewed after its initial five-year term as a result of our failure to meet the performance metric or following the tenth year as a result of our failure to agree with our former parent company about a continuation, we will not be able to use certain of our former parent company trademarks in connection with our business, including on our products or promotional materials. Further, under the agreement, we lack control over the direction, strategy, marketing, and reputation of the licensed trademarks, which could impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the Trademark License Agreement. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile and may continue to be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock has fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, significantly as a result of a number of factors, including the following: 
 fluctuations in our quarterly or annual earnings results or those of other companies in our industry; 

failures of our operating results to meet the estimates of securities analysts or the expectations of our stockholders; 

changes by securities analysts in their estimates of our future earnings; 

changes in market valuations or earnings of other companies in our industry; 

introductions of new products by us or our competitors; 

announcements by us or our customers, suppliers, or competitors; 

factors relating to our suppliers, customers, or competitors; 

consumer spending patterns; 

changes in laws or regulations that adversely or are perceived to adversely affect our industry or us; 

general economic, social, political, industry, and stock market conditions; 

future significant sales of our common stock by our stockholders or the perception in the market of such sales; 

government policies and recommendations, including tariffs; 

future issuances of our common stock by us; 

the size of the public float of our common stock; and 

the other factors described in these Risk Factors and elsewhere in this information statement. 

These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business. 
 The trading market for our common stock may also be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 41 

Provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 
 Several provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Delaware law may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger or acquisition of our company that our stockholders may consider favorable. These include provisions that provide for the following: 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue, without stockholder approval, one or more series of preferred stock having such powers, preferences, and rights, if any, and such qualifications, limitations, and restrictions, if any, as established our Board of Directors; 

the ability of our Board of Directors to issue a large number of shares of our common stock that are authorized by our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, but that are not yet issued; 

the removal of directors elected by holders of our common stock solely for cause; 

the removal of any director elected by holders of our common stock solely by 66 2/3 of the voting power of such holders; 

the filling of vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification, removal, or other cause of directors elected by the holders of our common stock and newly created directorships created from an increase in the number of such directors solely by our Board of Directors; 

the amendment of our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws by our Board of Directors; 

the amendment of our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws by our stockholders solely by a vote of 66 2/3 of the voting power thereof; 

the calling of special meetings of our holders of common stock solely by the Chairperson of our Board of Directors, our President, or our Board of Directors; 

the taking of action by the holders of our common stock solely at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders; 

the amendment of the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation providing for (i) the removal of directors elected by the holders of our common stock solely by 66 2/3 of the voting power of such holders, (ii) the filling of vacancies with respect to directors elected by the holders of our common stock and newly created directorships created from an increase in the number of such directors solely by our Board of Directors, (iii) the amendment of our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws by 66 2/3 of the voting power of our stockholders, (iv) the calling of special meetings solely by the Chairperson of our Board of Directors, our President, or our Board of Directors, and (v) the prohibition on the ability of holders of our common stock to act by written consent in lieu of a meeting, in each case, by a vote of 66 2/3 of the voting power of our stockholders; 

advance notice and other requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors by the holders of our common stock or for proposing matters that can be acted on at annual meetings of the holders of our common stock; and 

limit our ability to enter into business combinations with interested stockholders, subject to certain exceptions enumerated by Delaware law. 

We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if a takeover offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is not in our stockholders best interests. These and other provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Delaware law may, however, discourage, delay, or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or a threatened acquisition or change in control of us, including unsolicited takeover attempts, even though the transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 
 42 

Our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws designate Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation, which may limit our stockholders ability to choose a judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 Pursuant to our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the state of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or employees or our stockholders; (c) any civil action to interpret, apply, or enforce any provision of the General Corporation Law of the state of Delaware, or the DGCL; (d) any civil action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of the provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Second Amended and Restated Bylaws; or (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, if the Court of Chancery of the state of Delaware lacks jurisdiction over such action, our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, provide that the sole and exclusive forum for such action will be another state or federal court located within the state of Delaware, in all cases, subject to such court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws also provide that any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing Delaware exclusive forum provisions. Our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that the foregoing Delaware exclusive forum provisions do not apply to any action asserting claims under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. The Delaware exclusive forum provisions will require our stockholders to bring certain types of actions or proceedings relating to Delaware law in the Court of Chancery of the state of Delaware or another state or federal court in the state of Delaware and therefore may prevent our stockholders from bringing such actions or proceedings in another court that a stockholder may view as more convenient, cost-effective, or advantageous to the stockholder or the claims made in such action or proceeding, and may discourage the actions or proceedings covered by the Delaware exclusive forum provisions. 
 Your percentage ownership in our company may be diluted in the future. 
 In the future, your percentage ownership in our company may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, strategic investments, capital market transactions, or otherwise, including equity compensation awards that we grant to our directors, officers and employees under our employee benefits plans. These issuances could be significant. These awards would have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Persons receiving shares of our common stock in connection with acquisitions may be more likely to sell their common stock, which may influence the price of our common stock. In addition, the potential issuance of additional shares in connection with anticipated acquisitions could lessen demand for our common stock and result in a lower price than might otherwise be obtained. 
 In addition, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to create and issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more series of preferred stock having such powers, preferences, and rights, if any, and such qualifications, limitations, and restrictions, if any, as established by our Board of Directors. The terms of one or more series of preferred stock that is so created and issued by our Board of Directors may dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, our Board of Directors could create and issue one or more series of preferred stock having the right to elect one or more of our directors (in all events or on the happening of specified events) and/or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or dividend, distribution, or liquidation rights of a series of preferred stock created and issued by our Board of Directors could affect the residual value of the common stock. 
 Our common stock is and will be subordinate to all of our future indebtedness and any series of preferred stock, and effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and preferred equity claims against our subsidiaries. 
 Shares of our common stock are common equity interests in us and, as such, will rank junior to all of our future indebtedness and other liabilities. Additionally, holders of our common stock may become subject to the prior dividend and liquidation rights of holders of any series of preferred stock that our Board of Directors may designate and issue without any action on the part of the holders of our common stock. Furthermore, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon any of our subsidiaries liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary s creditors. 
 43 

Risks Related to Us as a Public Company 
 We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, and any decision on our part to comply with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we currently intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our registration statements, periodic reports, and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the Distribution; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year with at least 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (iii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means that we have been public for at least 12 months, have filed at least one annual report, and the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last day of our then-most recently completed second fiscal quarter; or (iv) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 In addition, as our business grows, we may cease to satisfy the conditions of an emerging growth company. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
 We will have increased costs as a result of being a public company. 
 The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costlier. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees, or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions, and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. In addition, if we fail to implement the requirements with respect to our internal accounting and audit functions, our ability to report our operating results on a timely and accurate basis could be impaired. If we do not implement such requirements in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we might be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC and Nasdaq. Any such action could harm our reputation and the confidence of investors and customers in us and could materially adversely affect our business and cause our share price to fall. 
 After we are no longer an emerging growth company, we expect to incur additional management time and cost to comply with the more stringent reporting requirements applicable to companies that are deemed accelerated filers or large accelerated filers, including complying with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. 
 44 

If we fail to maintain effective internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or timely or prevent or detect fraud, which would have a material adverse effect on our business or the market price of our securities. 
 In accordance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, our management will eventually be required to conduct an annual assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and include a report on these internal controls in the annual reports we will file with the SEC on Form 10-K. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls while we remain an emerging growth company. When applicable, this process will require significant documentation of policies, procedures, and systems; review of that documentation by our internal auditing and accounting staff and our outside independent registered public accounting firm; and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting by our internal auditing and accounting staff and our outside independent registered public accounting firm. This process will involve considerable time and attention, may strain our internal resources, and will increase our operating costs. We may experience higher than anticipated operating expenses and outside auditor fees during the implementation of these changes and thereafter. If management or our independent registered public accounting firm determines that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. In addition, if our controls are not effective, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial position could be impaired, which could result in late filings of our annual and quarterly reports under the Exchange Act, restatements of our financial statements, a decline in our stock price, suspension or delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq, and a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. P roperties 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our principal operating properties and other significant properties as of April 30, 2023. All the properties listed below are leased. In general, our operating properties are well maintained, suitably equipped, and in good operating condition. 

Location 
 Facility 

Columbia, Missouri 
 Corporate Office and Warehouse 

Holland, Michigan 
 Storefront 

Chicopee, Massachusetts 
 Administrative Office 

Shenzhen, Peoples Republic of China 
 Office 

I tem 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Information regarding our legal proceedings is discussed in Note 16 to our consolidated and combined financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 I tem 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 45 

P ART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol AOUT. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders. All shares of common stock rank equally as to voting and all other matters. The shares of common stock have no preemptive or conversion rights, no redemption or sinking fund provisions, are not liable for further call or assessment, and are not entitled to cumulative voting rights. 
 Holders 
 On June 21, 2023, there were 228 record holders of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on various factors, including applicable laws, our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, the terms of our outstanding indebtedness, and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For equity compensation plan information, refer to Item 12 (Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters) in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 46 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder returns for the period from August 25, 2020 (the effective date of the registration of AOUT Common Stock) to April 30, 2023 for (i) our common stock; (ii) the Russell 2000 Index; and (iii) the S P 500 Index. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on August 25, 2020 (first day of trading activity) through the last trading day of fiscal 2023. The calculation of cumulative stockholder return on the Russell 2000 Index and the S P 500 Index include reinvestment of dividends, but the calculation of cumulative stockholder return on our common stock does not include reinvestment of dividends because we did not pay any dividends during the measurement period. The performance shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among American Outdoor Brands, Inc., the Russell 2000 Index, 
 and the S P 500 Index 

The performance graph above shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. The performance graph above will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of our company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. 
 47 

Repurchases of Common Stock 
 As of April 30, 2023, we had one open authorized share repurchase program. The following table sets forth certain information relating to the purchases of our common stock by us and any affiliated purchasers within the meaning of Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

Total # of 

Average 

Total # of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced 

Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased 

Shares 

Price Paid 

Plan or 

Under the Plan 

Period 
 
 Purchased 

Per Share (2) 

Program (1) 

or Program 

Total second quarter fiscal year 2023 

84,029 

8.97 

84,029 

9,246 

Total third quarter fiscal year 2023 

191,632 

9.43 

275,661 

7,440 

February 1, 2023 to February 28, 2023 

21,048 

10.24 

296,709 

7,224 

March 1, 2023 to March 31, 2023 

41,031 

9.44 

337,740 

6,837 

April 1, 2023 to April 30, 2023 

39,294 

9.16 

377,034 

6,477 

Total fourth quarter fiscal year 2023 

101,373 

9.50 

377,034 

6,477 

Total year-to-date fiscal year 2023 

377,034 

9.34 

377,034 

6,477 

(1) On September 30, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10.0 million of our common stock, subject to certain conditions, in the open market, in block purchases, or in privately negotiated transactions, executable through September 29, 2023. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, under this authorization, we repurchased 377,034 shares of our common stock in the open market for 3.5 million utilizing cash on hand. 

(2) The average price per share excludes fees paid to acquire the shares. 

Item 6. RESERVED 
 Not Applicable. 
 48 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in conjunction with our consolidated and combined financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, including those set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 
 Set forth below is a comparison of the results of operations and changes in financial condition for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The comparison of, and changes between, the fiscal years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 can be found within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022. 
 Background 
 We operate as one reporting segment. We analyze revenue streams in various ways, including customer group, brands, categories, and customer channels. However, this information does not include a full set of discrete financial information. 
 The following discussion and analysis includes references to net sales of our products in shooting sports and outdoor lifestyle categories. Our shooting sports category includes net sales of shooting accessories and our products used for personal protection. Our outdoor lifestyle category includes net sales of our products used in hunting, fishing, camping, rugged outdoor activities, and outdoor cooking. 
 In March 2022, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Grilla Grills, or Grilla, (including its branded products) from Fahrenheit Technologies, Inc., or FTI, for a purchase price of 27 million, subject to certain adjustments. Grilla is a provider of high-quality, barbecue grills; Wi-Fi-enabled wood pellet grills; smokers; accessories; and modular outdoor kitchens. We fully integrated Grilla into our business during fiscal 2023. Results of operations for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 include activity for the period subsequent to the acquisition date of Grilla. 
 Fiscal 2023 Highlights 
 Our operating results for fiscal 2023 included the following: 
 Net sales were 191.2 million, a decrease of 56.3 million, or 22.8 , from the prior fiscal year, reflecting a decrease in net sales for both our e-commerce channels and our traditional channels, partially offset by an increase in our own direct-to-consumer business. 

Gross margin was 46.1 , a decrease of 10 basis points from the prior fiscal year. 

Net loss was 12.0 million, or 0.90) per diluted share, compared with a net loss of 64.9 million, or 4.66) per diluted share, for the prior fiscal year. The net loss in the prior fiscal year included a 67.8 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge. 

Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDAS was 12.8 million, compared with 35.0 million for the prior fiscal year. See non-GAAP financial measure disclosures below for our reconciliation of non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDAS. 

We repurchased 377,034 shares of our common stock, in the open market, for a total of 3.5 million during fiscal 2023 leaving 6.5 million available to be purchased under our authorized repurchase program. 

Results of Operations 
 Net Sales and Gross Profit 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding consolidated and combined net sales for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Net sales 

191,209 

247,526 

(56,317) 

-22.8 

Cost of sales 

103,145 

133,287 

(30,142) 

-22.6 

Gross profit 

88,064 

114,239 

(26,175) 

-22.9 

of net sales (gross margin) 

46.1 

46.2 

49 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding trade channel net sales for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

e-commerce channels 

87,219 

97,418 

(10,199) 

-10.5 

Traditional channels 

103,990 

150,108 

(46,118) 

-30.7 

Total net sales 

191,209 

247,526 

(56,317) 

-22.8 

Our e-commerce channels include net sales from customers that do not traditionally operate physical brick-and-mortar stores, but generate the majority of their revenue from consumer purchases from their retail websites. Our e-commerce channels also include our direct-to-consumer sales. Our traditional channels include customers that primarily operate out of physical brick-and-mortar stores and generate the large majority of revenue from consumer purchases in their brick-and-mortar locations. 
 We sell our products worldwide. The following table sets forth certain information regarding geographic makeup of net sales included in the above table for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Domestic net sales 

182,299 

234,803 

(52,504) 

-22.4 

International net sales 

8,910 

12,723 

(3,813) 

-30.0 

Total net sales 

191,209 

247,526 

(56,317) 

-22.8 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding net sales categories for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Shooting sports 

88,885 

128,180 

(39,295) 

-30.7 

Outdoor lifestyle 

102,324 

119,346 

(17,022) 

-14.3 

Total net sales 

191,209 

247,526 

(56,317) 

-22.8 

Fiscal 2023 Net Sales Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 Total net sales decreased 56.3 million, or 22.8 , from the prior fiscal year. 
 Net sales in our e-commerce channel decreased 10.2 million, or 10.5 , from the prior fiscal year, primarily as a result of lower net sales to the world s largest e-commerce retailer because of reduced demand primarily in our shooting sports category as well as their efforts to reduce their overall inventory. The lower net sales to our online retailers were partially offset by a 76.0 increase in our direct-to-consumer net sales over the prior year, primarily in our outdoor lifestyle products, which also include sales resulting from the acquisition of Grilla Grills. We believe the increase in our direct-to-consumer net sales represents the demand for our products in the market that are not typically hindered by retailer inventory management. Our brands that are only sold on our direct-to-consumer websites represented 24.4 million, or 28.0 , of fiscal 2023 total e-commerce channel net sales, which includes net sales from a business acquisition completed in the prior fiscal year. 
 
 Net sales in our traditional channels decreased 46.1 million, or 30.7 , from the prior fiscal year, primarily because of lower net sales for most of our products as a result of decreased orders from retailers, which we believe was caused by a combination of lower foot traffic because of less discretionary consumer spending and retailers efforts to reduce their overall inventory levels. In addition, lower net sales of our shooting sports products to our OEM customers resulted in lower traditional channel net sales from the prior fiscal year. We also believe the decrease in traditional channel net sales was a result of a build in traditional channel inventories of our products during the first fiscal quarter last year as certain customers accelerated their purchases to offset the possibility of delays caused by global supply chain disruptions. Our international net sales declined primarily because of reduced demand for our shooting sports products and timing of customer shipments. 
 New products, defined as any new SKU introduced over the prior two fiscal years, represented 25.5 of net sales for fiscal 2023 compared to 25.8 of net sales for fiscal 2022. We have a history of introducing over 200 new SKUs each year, the majority of which are introduced late in our third fiscal quarter. 
 50 

Our order backlog as of April 30, 2023 was 7.0 million, or 3.3 million higher than at the end of fiscal 2022. Although we generally fulfill the majority of our order backlog, we allow orders received that have not yet shipped to be cancelled, and therefore, our backlog may not be indicative of future sales. 
 Fiscal 2023 Cost of Sales and Gross Profit Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 Gross margin for fiscal 2023 decreased 10 basis points from the prior fiscal year, primarily because of lower sales volumes, product and customer mix, increased promotional product discounts that are consistent with pre-pandemic promotional discount levels, and increased expense related to provisions on inventory, partially offset by lower freight and tariff expenses from the planned reduction in inventory purchases and new product introductions that typically have higher gross margins. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding operating expenses for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Research and development 

6,361 

5,501 

860 

15.6 

Selling, marketing, and distribution 

51,791 

56,168 

(4,377) 

-7.8 

General and administrative 

42,612 

41,244 

1,368 

3.3 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

67,849 

(67,849) 

-100.0 

Total operating expenses 

100,764 

170,762 

(69,998) 

-41.0 

of net sales 

52.7 

69.0 

Fiscal 2023 Operating Expenses Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 Excluding the impact of our non-cash goodwill impairment charge recorded during fiscal 2022, operating expenses in fiscal 2023 decreased 2.1 million compared with the prior fiscal year. Research and development expenses increased 860,000, primarily from increased consulting expenses; higher depreciation expense from new product tooling; and increased compensation-related expenses from additional headcount. Selling, marketing, and distribution expenses decreased 4.4 million, primarily because of lower sales volume-related expenses, lower advertising expenses, and reduced facility-related costs as a result of consolidating the Crimson Trace and Grilla operations into our headquarters in Columbia, Missouri. General and administrative expenses increased 1.4 million compared with the prior fiscal year primarily because of 1.2 million of legal and advisory fees associated with the completed cooperation agreement with a stockholder and 461,000 of increased standalone expenses, such as our information technology infrastructure costs, subscription and software costs, and insurance premium costs, partially offset by lower employee compensation-related expenses. 
 Operating Loss 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding operating loss for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Operating (loss)/income 

(12,700) 

(56,523) 

43,823 

-77.5 

of net sales (operating margin) 

-6.6 

-22.8 

Fiscal 2023 Operating Income Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 Excluding our non-cash goodwill impairment charge in fiscal 2022, we had a decrease of 24.0 million in operating income from the prior fiscal year. Operating income decreased primarily because of lower sales volumes and gross profit mentioned above. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding interest expense, net for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Interest expense, net 

(761) 

(324) 

(437) 

134.9 

51 

Interest expense, net increased 437,000 from the prior fiscal year because of interest to service our borrowings on our revolving line of credit during fiscal 2023. We borrowed 25.0 million in March 2022 to help fund the acquisition of Grilla Grills in the prior fiscal year. We had 5.0 million of borrowings on our revolving line as of April 30, 2023. 
 Income Taxes 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding income tax expense for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 

(249) 

9,344 

(9,593) 

-102.7 

of income from operations (effective tax rate) 

2.0 

-16.8 

18.8 

We recorded an income tax benefit of 249,000 for fiscal 2023 because of lower operating profit compared to income tax expense of 9.3 million for fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2023 income tax benefit was primarily because of recording return to provision adjustments relating to the Federal and State tax returns filed for the prior fiscal year and the impact of refundable state tax credits. Fiscal 2022 income tax expense was primarily due to recording a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. The effective tax rates were 2.0 and (16.8 for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Excluding the impact of the non-cash goodwill impairment charges and establishing the full valuation allowance against our deferred taxes, our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 was 19.6 . 
 Net Loss 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding net loss and the related per share data for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands, except per share data): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Net loss 

(12,024) 

(64,880) 

52,856 

-81.5 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

(0.90) 

(4.66) 

3.76 

-80.7 

Diluted 

(0.90) 

(4.66) 

3.76 

-80.7 

Fiscal 2023 Net Loss Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 We had a net loss of 12.0 million, or 0.90) per diluted share in fiscal 2023. Excluding our non-cash goodwill impairment charge and related income tax effect in fiscal 2022, we had net income of 9.9 million, or 0.71 per diluted share. The decrease in net income from the prior fiscal year was primarily because of lower sales volumes and gross profit. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 We use GAAP net income as our primary financial measure. We use Adjusted EBITDAS, which is a non-GAAP financial metric, as a supplemental measure of our performance in order to provide investors with an improved understanding of underlying performance trends, and it should be considered in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDAS is defined as GAAP net income/(loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and stock compensation expense. Our Adjusted EBITDAS calculation also excludes certain items we consider non-routine. We believe that Adjusted EBITDAS is useful to understanding our operating results and the ongoing performance of our underlying business, as Adjusted EBITDAS provides information on our ability to meet our capital expenditure and working capital requirements, and is also an indicator of profitability. We believe this reporting provides additional transparency and comparability to our operating results. We believe that the presentation of Adjusted EBITDAS is useful to investors because it is frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. We use Adjusted EBITDAS to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, and to neutralize our capitalization structure to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures, especially companies that are private. We also use Adjusted EBITDAS to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate our performance in connection with compensation decisions. We believe it is useful to investors and analysts to evaluate this non-GAAP measure on the same basis as we use to evaluate our operating results. 
 52 

Adjusted EBITDAS is a non-GAAP measure and may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other companies. In addition, non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We address the limitations of non-GAAP measures through the use of various GAAP measures. In the future, we may incur expenses or charges such as those added back to calculate Adjusted EBITDAS. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDAS should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by these items. 
 The following table sets forth our calculation of non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDAS for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2023 

2022 

(Unaudited) 

GAAP net loss 

(12,024) 

(64,880) 

Interest expense 

761 

324 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 

(249) 

9,344 

Depreciation and amortization 

16,048 

16,967 

Stock compensation 

4,050 

2,812 

Goodwill impairment 

67,849 

Technology implementation 

2,138 

1,948 

Fair value inventory step-up 

27 

Acquisition costs 

47 

599 

Facility consolidation costs 

866 

Stockholder cooperation agreement costs 

1,177 

Other 

40 

Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDAS 

12,814 

35,030 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, we have generated strong annual cash flow from operating activities. We have generated 45.5 million of cash from operating activities since the Separation in fiscal 2021. Our ability to fund our operating needs depends on our future ability to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations and obtain financing on acceptable terms. Based upon our history of generating strong cash flows, we believe we will be able to meet our short-term liquidity needs. We also believe we will meet known or reasonably likely future cash requirements through the combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and available borrowings through our existing 75.0 million credit facility. If these sources of liquidity need to be augmented, additional cash requirements would likely be financed through the issuance of debt or equity securities; however, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on acceptable terms in the future. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including net sales, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing of introductions of new products and enhancements to existing products, the capital needed to operate as an independent publicly traded company, enhancements to our enterprise resource planning systems, and any acquisitions or strategic investments that we may determine to make. Further equity or debt financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If sufficient funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unexpected business opportunities or to respond to competitive pressures could be limited or severely constrained. 
 We had 22.0 million and 19.5 million of cash equivalents on hand as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 We expect to continue to utilize our cash flows to invest in our business, including research and development for new product initiatives; hiring additional employees; funding growth strategies, including any potential acquisitions; repaying our 5.0 million of borrowings under our revolving line of credit and any indebtedness we may incur over time; and repurchasing our common stock under our existing authorized repurchase programs. 
 53 

The following table sets forth certain cash flow information for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

Change 

Change 

Operating activities 

30,706 

(17,953) 

48,659 

-271.0 

Investing activities 

(4,826) 

(33,588) 

28,762 

-85.6 

Financing activities 

(23,451) 

10,261 

(33,712) 

-328.5 

Total cash flow 

2,429 

(41,280) 

43,709 

-105.9 

Operating Activities 
 Operating activities represent the principal source of our cash flow. 
 Cash generated in operating activities was 30.7 million for fiscal 2023 compared with cash usage of 18.0 million for the prior fiscal year. Cash generated in operating activities for fiscal 2023 was primarily impacted by 21.9 million of reduced inventory as a result of a planned reduction of inventory purchases during fiscal 2023 and a decrease in accounts receivable of 2.0 million as a result of lower sales volumes and timing of customer shipments. The cash generated in fiscal 2023 was partially offset by 1.3 million of reduced accounts payable due to timing of inventory shipments and 2.0 million of lower accrued payroll, incentives, and profit sharing primarily because of lower management incentive accruals. 
 We expect our inventory balance to increase in our first quarter of fiscal 2024 because of increased inventory purchases to support the fall hunting and winter holiday shopping seasons as well as inventory for new products that we expect to launch later in the year. Despite the expected increase in our first quarter of fiscal 2024, we expect our overall inventory balance to decline by the end of fiscal 2024 as compared to our inventory balance as of April 30, 2023. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 4.8 million for fiscal 2023 compared with cash usage of 33.6 million for the prior fiscal year. This decrease was primarily because of the 27.0 million used to acquire Grilla Grills during fiscal 2022. We have incurred capital expenditures in fiscal 2023 and 2022 related to the development and implementation of our independent information technology infrastructure, including our new enterprise resource planning system, D365. We recorded spending of 2.0 million and 3.9 million of capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to our development and implementation of our independent information technology infrastructure. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 23.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared with cash provided by financing activities of 10.3 million in the prior fiscal year. Cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 was because of 20.2 million of payments on our revolving line of credit and 3.5 million of payments to repurchase our common stock under our authorized stock repurchase program. Cash provided by financing activity in fiscal 2022 was primarily from 25.2 million borrowings on our revolving line of credit used to acquire Grilla Grills, offset by 15.0 million to repurchase our common stock under an authorized stock repurchase program. 
 Credit Facility 
 On August 24, 2020, we entered into a five-year financing arrangement consisting of a 50.0 million revolving line of credit secured by substantially all our assets, maturing five years from the start date, with available borrowings determined by a borrowing base calculation. The revolving line included an option to increase the credit commitment for an additional 15.0 million. The revolving line bore interest at a fluctuating rate equal to the Base Rate or LIBOR, as applicable, plus the applicable margin. 
 On March 25, 2022, we amended our secured loan and security agreement, or the Amended Loan and Security Agreement, increasing the revolving line of credit to 75.0 million, secured by substantially all our assets, maturing in March 2027, with available borrowings determined by a borrowing base calculation. The amendment also includes an option to increase the credit commitment for an additional 15 million. The amended revolving line bears interest at a fluctuating rate equal to the Base Rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, as applicable, plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin can range from a minimum of 0.25 to a maximum of 1.75 based on certain conditions as defined in the Amended Loan and Security Agreement. The financing arrangement contains covenants relating to minimum debt service 
 54 

coverage. During fiscal 2022, we recorded 192,000 of additional debt issuance costs associated with entering into the Amended Loan and Security Agreement. 
 As of April 30, 2023, we had 5.0 million of borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit, which bore interest at 6.05 , equal to SOFR plus the applicable margin. 
 Inflation 
 We have been impacted by changes in prices of finished product inventory from our suppliers and logistics as well as other inflationary factors, such as increased interest rates and increased labor and overhead costs. We evaluate the need for price changes to offset these inflationary factors while taking into account the competitive landscape. Although we do not believe that inflation had a material impact on us during fiscal 2023, increased inflation in the future may have a negative effect on our ability to achieve certain expectations in gross margin and operating expenses. If we are unable to offset the negative impacts of inflation with increased prices, our future results from operations and cash flows would be materially impacted. Additionally, inflation may cause consumers to reduce discretionary spending, which could cause decreases in demand for our products. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue for the sale of our products at the point in time when the control of ownership has transferred to the customer, which is generally upon shipment but could be delayed until the receipt of customer acceptance. The revenue recognized for the sale of our products reflect various sales adjustments for discounts, returns, allowances, and other customer incentives. These sales adjustments can vary based on market conditions, customer preferences, timing of customer payments, volume of products sold, and timing of new product launches. These adjustments require us to make reasonable estimates of the amount we expect to receive from the customer. We estimate sales adjustments by customer or by product category on the basis of our historical experience with similar contracts with customers, adjusted as necessary to reflect current facts and circumstances and our expectations for the future. 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Long-lived Intangible Assets 
 As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, we had no goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. In the instance we have recorded goodwill, we test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis on each February 1 and between annual tests if indicators of potential impairment exist. 
 During the annual impairment review process, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment, commonly referred to as step zero , over relative events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value or to perform a quantitative assessment where we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using both an income and market approach. 
 If the qualitative step zero analysis indicates that its more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying value, we will perform a step one analysis. When we perform a step one analysis to assess the recoverability of our goodwill, we determine the estimated fair value of our reporting unit and compare it to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. The impairment test compares the fair value of our operating unit to its carrying amounts to assess whether impairment is present. We estimate the fair value of our operating unit using an equal weighting of the fair values derived from the income approach and the market approach because we believe a market participant would equally weight both approaches when valuing the operating unit. The income approach is based on the projected cash flows that are discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. Fair value is estimated using internally developed forecasts and assumptions. The discount rate used is the average estimated value of a market participant s cost of capital and debt, derived using customary market metrics. Other significant assumptions include revenue growth rates, profitability projections, and terminal value growth rates. The market approach estimates fair values based on the determination of appropriate publicly traded market comparison companies and market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from those companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the operating unit being valued. Finally, we compare and reconcile our overall fair value to our market capitalization in order to assess the reasonableness of the calculated fair values of our operating units. We recognize an impairment loss for goodwill if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value. 
 We have reviewed the provisions of Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC, 350-20, with respect to the criteria necessary to evaluate the number of reporting units that exist. Based on our review of ASC 350-20, we have determined that we have one operating unit. 
 55 

We evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets on an annual basis on February 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When such evaluations indicate that the related future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying values of the assets, such carrying values are reduced to fair value and this adjusted carrying value becomes the asset s new cost basis. We determine the initial fair value of our long-lived assets, primarily using future anticipated cash flows that are directly associated with and are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset, or asset group, discounted using an interest rate commensurate with the risk involved. 
 Inventories 
 We value inventories at the lower of cost, using the first-in, first-out, or FIFO, method, or net realizable value. We evaluate quantities that make up our current inventory against past and future demand and market conditions to determine excess or slow-moving inventory that may be sold below cost. For each product category, we estimate the market value of the inventory comprising that category based on current and projected selling prices. If the projected market value is less than cost, we will record a provision adjustment to reflect the lower value of the inventory. This methodology recognizes projected inventory losses at the time such losses are evident rather than at the time goods are actually sold. The projected market value of the inventory may decrease because of consumer preferences or loss of key contracts, among other events. 
 Income Tax Valuation Allowance 
 We periodically assess whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred income tax assets. The ultimate realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We establish valuation allowances if it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize our deferred income tax assets. 
 In making this determination, we consider available positive and negative evidence and make certain assumptions. We consider, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, our historical financial results, and tax planning strategies. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. 
 We determined in the prior fiscal period that it was more likely than not that the benefit from our net deferred tax assets will not be realized and accordingly we established a full valuation allowance recorded as an increase to income tax expense. In the current fiscal year, we continued to maintain a full valuation allowance based on the assessment that it is more likely than not that the benefit from our net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our assessment involves estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain, and unanticipated events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ from these estimates. 
 Estimates may change as new events occur, estimates of future taxable income may increase during the expected reversal period of our deferred tax assets, or additional information becomes available. Should we change our estimate of the amount of deferred tax assets that we would be able to realize, a full or partial reversal of the valuation allowance could occur resulting in a decrease to the provision for income taxes in the period such a change in estimate is made. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 The nature and impact of recent accounting pronouncements is discussed in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated and combined financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 56 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of April 30, 2023 (in thousands): 

Less Than 

More Than 

Total 

1 Year 

1-3 Years 

3-5 Years 

5 Years 

Long-term debt obligations 

5,000 

5,000 

Interest on debt 

1,563 

399 

798 

366 

Operating lease obligations 

37,541 

2,251 

4,419 

4,445 

26,426 

Purchase obligations 

35,691 

35,691 

Total obligations 

79,795 

38,341 

5,217 

9,811 

26,426 

As of April 30, 2023, we had 5.0 million of borrowings outstanding on our revolving line of credit. We are required to make interest payments for the unused portion of our revolving line of credit in accordance with the financing arrangement. Future unused loan fee obligations are not included above, which could accumulate up to approximately 185,000 per year, under certain circumstances, until the maturity date in fiscal 2026. 
 Interest on debt is based on outstanding debt as of April 30, 2023, and includes debt issue costs to be amortized over the life of the financing arrangement. The interest rate used to calculate was 6.1 as of April 30, 2023. See Note 10, Debt , for additional information. 
 Operating lease obligations represent required minimum lease payments during the noncancelable lease term. Most real estate leases also require payments of related operating expenses such as taxes, insurance, utilities, and maintenance, which are not included above. See Note 4, Leases , for additional information. 
 Purchase obligations represent binding commitments to purchase raw materials, contract production, and finished products that are payable upon delivery of the inventory. This obligation excludes the amount included in accounts payable at April 30, 2023 related to inventory purchases. Other obligations represent other binding commitments for the expenditure of funds, including (i) amounts related to contracts not involving the purchase of inventories, such as the noncancelable portion of service or maintenance agreements for management information systems, (ii) capital spending, and (iii) advertising. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We do not enter into any market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. We are exposed to risks in the ordinary course of business. We regularly assess and manage exposures to these risks through operating and financing activities. Our principal market risk relates to the variable interest rate associated with our Credit Facility, which consists of a 75.0 million revolving line of credit that bears interest at a fluctuating rate equal to the Base Rate or SOFR, as applicable, plus the applicable margin. As of April 30, 2023, we had 5.0 million of borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit. 
 I tem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Reference is made to the financial statements, the notes thereto, and the report thereon, commencing on page F-1 of this report, which financial statements, notes, and report are incorporated herein by reference. 
 I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 57 

Our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form-10-K. Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form-10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide such reasonable assurance. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condition, or that the degree of compliance with the policies may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tradeway Commission (the COSO Framework). Based on that evaluation, management believes that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2023. 
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 
 Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and we are required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 
 Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During our most recent fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2023, we had a change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred as a result of our implementation of a new ERP system, D365, for one of our subsidiaries that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The new ERP system for one of our subsidiaries replaced our legacy system in which a significant portion of our business transactions originate, are processed, and recorded. We have now transitioned all of our subsidiaries to D365. D365 is intended to provide us with enhanced transactional processing and management tools compared with our legacy system and is intended to enhance internal controls over financial reporting. We believe D365 will facilitate better transactional reporting and oversight, enhance our internal control over financial reporting, and function as an important component of our disclosure controls and procedures. Other than the change to our ERP system for one of our subsidiaries, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 58 

I tem 9B. Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 Ite m 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 59 

P ART III 
 I tem 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item relating to our directors and corporate governance is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The information required by this Item relating to our executive officers is included in Item 1, Business Executive Officers of this report. 
 I tem 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 I tem 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 I tem 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 60 

P ART IV 
 I tem 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (1) Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report. 
 (b) Exhibits 

riIncorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 2.1 
 8/26/2020 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 8/26/2020 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 3.2(a) 
 9/27/2021 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 4.2 
 7/15/2021 

10.1 
 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 8/26/2020 

10.2 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 8/26/2020 

10.3 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.3 
 8/26/2020 

10.4 
 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Inc. and AOB Products Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.4 
 8/26/2020 

10.5 
 
 Sublease, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and between Smith Wesson Sales Company and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.5 
 8/26/2020 

10.6 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2023, by and between Smith Wesson Sales Company (f/k/a Smith Wesson Corp.) and the Registrant, and consented to by Smith Wesson Brands, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 2/1/2023 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2017, by and between Ryan Boone County, LLC and Smith Wesson Corp. 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 2/1/2023 

10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated October 25, 2018, by and among Ryan Boone County, LLC, Smith Wesson Corp., and American Outdoor Brands Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 10.3 
 2/1/2023 

10.9 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2019, by and among Ryan Boone County, LLC, American Outdoor Brands Sales Company (f/k/a Smith Wesson Corp.), and American Outdoor Brands Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 10.4 
 2/1/2023 

10.10 
 
 Supply Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and between Crimson Trace Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant, as Supplier, and Smith Wesson Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.6 
 8/26/2020 

10.11 
 
 Supply Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and between AOB Products Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant, as Supplier, and Smith Wesson Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.7 
 8/26/2020 

10.12 
 + 
 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.8 
 8/26/2020 

10.13 
 + 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Grant Notice and Agreement to the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.9 
 8/26/2020 

10.14 
 + 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Agreement to the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.10 
 8/26/2020 

61 

10.15 
 + 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Agreement to the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.11 
 8/26/2020 

10.16 
 + 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.12 
 8/26/2020 

10.17 
 + 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Brian D. Murphy 
 
 8-K 
 10.13 
 8/26/2020 

10.18 
 + 
 Executive Severance Pay Plan 
 
 8-K 
 10.14 
 8/26/2020 

10.19 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Registrant and the following directors and executive officers: As of August 24,2020 with Brian D. Murphy, H. Andrew Fulmer, Mary E. Gallagher, Gregory J. Gluchowski, Jr., Barry M. Monheit, and I. Marie Wadecki 
 
 8-K 
 10.15 
 8/26/2020 

10.20 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2020, by and among AOB Products Company, Crimson Trace Corporation, American Outdoor Brands, Inc., Battenfeld Acquisition Company Inc., BTI Tools, LLC, Ultimate Survival Technologies, LLC, AOBC Asia Consulting, LLC, TD Bank, N.A., and the other banks, financial institutions, and other entities from time to time parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 10.16 
 8/26/2020 

10.21 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, by and among AOB Products Company, Crimson Trace Corporation, American Outdoor Brands, Inc., Battenfeld Acquisition Company Inc., BTI Tools, LLC, Ultimate Survival Technologies, LLC, AOBC Asia Consulting, LLC, TD Bank, N.A., and the other banks, financial institutions, and other entities from time to time parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 3/28/2022 

10.22 
 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated August 7, 2022, by and among the Engine Group and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 8/8/2022 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Cooperation Agreement, dated May 24, 2023, by and among the Engine Group and the Registrant 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 5/26/2023 

21.1 
 # 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

23.1 
 # 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 # 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 # 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 ## 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

32.2 
 ## 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 
 + Management contract or compensatory arrangement. 
 # Filed herewith 
 ## Furnished herewith 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 62 

S IGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. 

/s/ Brian D. Murphy 

Brian D. Murphy President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brian D. Murphy 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Brian D. Murphy 

/s/ H. Andrew Fulmer 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 June 28, 2023 

H. Andrew Fulmer 

/s/ Barry M. Monheit 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Barry M. Monheit 

/s/ Bradley T. Favreau 
 
 Director 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Bradley T. Favreau 

/s/ Mary E. Gallagher 
 
 Director 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Mary E. Gallagher 

/s/ Gregory J. Gluchowski, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Gregory J. Gluchowski, Jr. 

/s/ Luis G. Marconi 
 
 Director 
 
 June 28, 2023 

Luis G. Marconi 

/s/ I. Marie Wadecki 
 
 Director 
 
 June 28, 2023 

I. Marie Wadecki 

63 

I NDEX TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated and Combined Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss)/Income for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated and Combined Statements of Equity for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated and Combined Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated and Combined Financial Statements 
 
 F- 8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 American Outdoor Brands, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive (loss)/income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

June 28, 2023 

F- 2 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of: 

April 30, 2023 

April 30, 2022 

(In thousands, except par value and share data) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of on April 30, 2023 and on April 30, 2022 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income tax receivable 

Total current assets 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll, incentives, and profit sharing 

Lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Notes and loans payable 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding on April 30, 2023 and shares issued and shares outstanding on April 30, 2022 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained deficit 

() 

() 

Treasury stock, at cost shares on April 30, 2023 and shares on April 30, 2022) 

() 

() 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 F- 3 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OP ERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME 

For the Years ended April 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands, except per share data) 

Net sales (including million of related party sales for the four months of our fiscal year 2021 prior to the Separation) 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Selling, marketing, and distribution 

General and administrative 

Goodwill impairment 

Total operating expenses 

Operating (loss)/income 
 
 () 

() 

Other income, net: 

Other income, net 

Interest (expense)/income, net 
 
 () 

() 

Total other income, net 

(Loss)/income from operations before income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

Income tax (benefit)/expense 
 
 () 

Net (loss)/income/comprehensive (loss)/income 
 
 () 

() 

Net (loss)/income per share: 

Basic 
 
 () 

() 

Diluted 
 
 () 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 F- 4 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Former Net Parent 

Additional 

Treasury Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Company Investment 

Paid-In Capital 

Retained (Deficit)/Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Total Equity 

Balance at April 30, 2020 

Net income 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock under restricted stock unit awards, net of tax 

() 

() 

Net transfers from former Parent 

Issuance of common stock and reclassification of former net parent company investment 

() 

Balance at April 30, 2021 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock under restricted stock unit awards, net of tax 

() 

() 

Repurchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Balance at April 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Issuance of common stock under restricted stock unit awards, net of tax 

() 

() 

Repurchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Balance at April 30, 2023 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 
 F- 5 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss)/income 
 
 () 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/ (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on sale/disposition of assets 

(Benefit from)/provision for credit losses on accounts receivable 
 
 () 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Income taxes 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

() 

Accrued payroll, incentives, and profit sharing 
 
 () 

() 

Right of use assets 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Other assets 

() 

Lease liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other non-current liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of businesses 

() 

Payments to acquire patents and software 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Payments to acquire property and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from loans and notes payable 

Payments on notes and loans payable 
 
 () 

Payments to acquire treasury stock 
 
 () 

() 

Net transfers from former parent 

Cash paid for debt issuance costs 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of options to acquire common stock, including employee stock purchase plan 

Payment of employee withholding tax related to restricted stock units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 
 () 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes (net of refunds) 
 
 () 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statements. 

F- 6 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - (Continued) 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

For the Years Ended April 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

(In thousands) 

Purchases of property and equipment and intangibles included in accounts payable 

Non-cash transfers to/from former parent 

Changes in right of use assets for operating lease obligations 

Changes in lease liabilities for operating lease obligations 

Charges of debt issuance costs included in accrued expenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated and combined financial statement 
 F- 7 

AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 N OTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 In addition, for purposes of preparing the combined financial statements, prior to the Separation, on a carve-out basis, a portion of our former parent s total corporate expenses was allocated to us based on direct usage when identifiable or, when not directly identifiable, on the basis of proportional net revenue, employee headcount, delivered units, or square footage, as applicable. These expense allocations included the cost of corporate functions and resources provided by our former parent, including executive management, finance, accounting, legal, human resources, internal audit, and the related benefit costs associated with such functions, such as stock-based compensation and the cost of our former parent s Springfield, Massachusetts corporate headquarters. For the period prior to the Separation in fiscal 2021, we were allocated million for such corporate expenses, which were included within general and administrative expenses in the consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive income. We were also allocated million of such distribution expenses, which were included within cost of sales; selling, marketing, and distribution expenses; and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive income. 

or less at the date of acquisition to be cash equivalents. 
 In November 2020, we entered into a factoring arrangement with a financial institution specifically designed to factor trade receivables with a certain customer that has extended payment terms, which are traditional to the customer s industry. Under this factoring arrangement, from time to time, we sell this customer s trade receivables at a discount on a non-recourse basis. We account for these transactions as sales and cash proceeds are included in cash provided by operating activities in the statement of cash flows. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we recorded an immaterial amount of factoring fees related to factoring transactions, which are included in other (loss)/income, net on our consolidated and combined statement of operations. 
 
 to 

Computer and other equipment 
 
 to years 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 to years 

We include tooling, dies, furniture, and fixtures as part of machinery and equipment and depreciate them over a period generally not exceeding years. We assess the recoverability of assets whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. We recognize an impairment loss if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable based on its undiscounted future cash flows. We measure the impairment loss as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. 
 
 goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. In the instance we have recorded goodwill, we test goodwill for impairment, in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , on an annual basis on February 1 and between annual tests if indicators of potential impairment exist. As of our valuation date in fiscal 2022, we had million of goodwill. During the annual impairment review process, we performed a step one analysis to assess the recoverability of our goodwill. The step one analysis estimates the fair value of our reporting unit and compares it to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to assess whether impairment is present. We estimated the fair value of our operating unit using an equal weighting of the fair values derived from the income approach and the market approach because we believe a market participant would equally weight both approaches when valuing the operating unit. The income approach is based on the projected cash flows that are discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. Fair value is estimated using internally developed forecasts and assumptions. The discount rate used is the average estimated value of a market participant s cost of capital and debt, derived using customary market metrics. Other significant assumptions include revenue growth rates, profitability projections, and terminal value growth rates. The market approach estimates fair values based on the determination of appropriate publicly traded market comparison companies and market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from those companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the operating unit being valued. Finally, we compare and reconcile our overall fair value to our market capitalization in order to assess the reasonableness of the calculated fair values of our operating units. We recognize an impairment loss for goodwill if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value. We completed a step one analysis as of February 1, 2022, and concluded there were no indicators of impairment. On April 30, 2022, the decline in our stock price and market capitalization indicated a reduction of the fair value of our reporting unit. We determined this decline to be a triggering event, which indicated it was more likely than not that the fair values of these reporting units were less than the respective book values and required us to complete an additional step one analysis. Given the volatility in the financial markets, we believed a market participant would determine that the income approach would be a more prominent metric for determining the fair value of our operating unit and thus we used a weighting on the income approach and a weighting on the market approach when valuing our operating unit. As of our interim valuation date in the prior year, we had million of goodwill. Based on the results of the evaluation, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of our entire million goodwill balance during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. On March 23, 2020, we determined that our business was expected to be negatively impacted by several factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including a major online retail customer s decision to halt or delay most non-essential product orders, COVID-19-related supply chain issues, as well as COVID-19-related stay at home orders and sporting goods store closures, which reduced retail foot traffic in many states. Given the extreme market volatility, we relied solely on the income approach to derive the current value of our business. Based on these factors, we expected reduced cash flows in our business, and we believed this constituted a triggering event under generally accepted accounting principles. Based on the results of this evaluation, we recorded a million non-cash impairment of goodwill during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Our assumptions related to the development of fair value could deviate materially from actual results and forecasts used to support asset carrying values and may change in the future, which could result in non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of operations. The re-measurement of goodwill is classified as a Level 3 fair value assessment as described in Note 11 - Fair Value Measurement of the consolidated and combined financial statements, due to the significance of unobservable inputs developed using company-specific information. We have reviewed the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 350-20, with respect to the criteria necessary to evaluate the number of reporting units that exist. Based on our review of ASC 350-20, we have determined that we have operating unit. We have significant long-lived assets, which are susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in various factors or conditions. The most significant long-lived assets are developed technology, customer relationships, patents, trademarks, and trade names. We amortize all finite-lived assets either on a straight-line basis or based upon patterns in which we expect to utilize the economic benefits of such assets. We initially determine the values of assets by a risk-adjusted, discounted cash flow approach. We assess the potential impairment of identifiable assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying values may not be recoverable and at least annually. We evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets on an annual basis on February 1 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment . When such evaluations indicate that the related future undiscounted cash flows are not sufficient to recover the carrying values of the assets, such carrying values are reduced to fair value and this adjusted carrying value becomes the asset s new cost basis. We determine the initial fair value of our long-lived assets, primarily using future anticipated cash flows that are directly associated with and are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset, or asset group, discounted using an interest rate commensurate with the risk involved. There was no indication of impairment of our long-lived assets in fiscal 2023. Based on the triggering event noted above, we evaluated the recoverability of our long-lived assets on April 30, 2022. Based on the results of this evaluation, on an undiscounted cash flow basis, there was no indications of impairment of our long-lived assets. Future adverse changes in these or other unforeseeable factors could result in an impairment charge that could materially impact future results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. 
 
 and days, with a discount available in certain cases for early payment. For contracts with discounted terms, we determine the transaction price upon establishment of the contract that contains the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity, and price of each product purchased. We estimate variable consideration relative to the amount of cash discounts to which customers are likely to be entitled. In some instances, we provide longer payment terms, particularly as it relates to our hunting dating programs, which represent payment terms due in the fall for certain orders of hunting products received in the spring and summer. We do not consider these extended terms to be a significant financing component of the contract because the payment terms are less than one year. We have elected to treat all shipping and handling activities as fulfillment costs and recognize the costs as distribution expenses at the time we recognize the related revenue. Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in net sales. The amount of revenue we recognize reflects the expected consideration to be received for providing the goods or services to customers, which includes estimates for variable consideration. Variable consideration includes allowances for trade term discounts, chargebacks, and product returns. Estimates of variable consideration are determined at contract inception and reassessed at each reporting date, at a minimum, to reflect any changes in facts and circumstances. We apply the portfolio approach as a practical expedient and utilize the expected value method in determining estimates of variable consideration, based on evaluations of specific product and customer circumstances, historical and anticipated trends, and current economic conditions. We have co-op advertising program expense, which we record within advertising expense, in recognition of a distinct service that we receive from our customers at the retail level. Disaggregation of Revenue 

() 

- 

Traditional channels 

() 

- 

Total net sales 

() 

- 

Our e-commerce channels include net sales from customers that do not traditionally operate a physical brick-and-mortar store, but generate the majority of their revenue from consumer purchases at their retail websites. Our e-commerce channels also include our direct-to-consumer sales. Our traditional channels include customers that operate primarily out of physical brick and mortar stores and generate the large majority of their revenue from consumer purchases at their brick-and-mortar locations. We sell our products worldwide. 

() 

- 

International net sales 

() 

- 

Total net sales 

() 

- 

() 

- 

Outdoor lifestyle 

() 

- 

Total net sales 

() 

- 

Our shooting sports category includes net sales of shooting accessories and our products used for personal protection. Our outdoor lifestyle category includes net sales of our products used in hunting, fishing, camping, rugged outdoor activities, and outdoor cooking. 

million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We have co-op advertising program expense, which we record within advertising expense, in recognition of a distinct service that we receive from our customers at the retail level. 

Warranties issued and adjustments to provisions 

Warranties assumed in acquisition 

Warranty claims 

() 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

, generally with renewal options. Leases for equipment typically have initial terms ranging from one to . Most leases have fixed rentals, with many of the real estate leases requiring additional payments for real estate taxes and occupancy-related costs. We record rent expense for leases containing landlord incentives or scheduled rent increases on a straight-line basis over the lease term beginning with the earlier of the lease commencement date or the date we take possession or control of the leased premises. See Note 4 Leases for more information. 
 
 shares of our common stock, par value per share, to our former parent s stockholders of record as of August 10, 2020, or the Record Date. We utilize this share amount for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for all periods presented prior to the Separation as all common stock was owned by our former parent prior to the Separation. These shares are treated as issued and outstanding at April 30, 2020 for purposes of calculating historical basic and diluted earnings per share. For periods prior to the Separation, it is assumed that there are dilutive equity instruments as we had stock-based awards outstanding. We compute diluted earnings per share by giving effect to all potentially dilutive stock awards that are outstanding. For periods subsequent to the Separation, the computation of diluted earnings per share excludes the effect of the potential exercise of stock-based awards when the effect of the potential exercise would be anti-dilutive. There were shares excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. After the Separation, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021 was based on the weighted-average number of actual common shares outstanding assuming the number of shares of AOUT common stock outstanding on August 24, 2020 had been outstanding at the beginning of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021.) 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of dilutive stock awards 

() 

Diluted (loss)/earnings 

() 

() 

() 

() 

tranches, and are included in costs of goods sold; research and development; selling, marketing, and distribution; and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated and combined statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Prior to the Separation, the combined statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss) also include an allocation of our former parent's corporate and shared employee stock-based compensation expenses. See Note 13 Stock-Based Compensation for additional information. 
 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. Accrued income taxes in the consolidated and combined balance sheet includes unrecognized income tax benefits along with related interest and penalties, appropriately classified as current or noncurrent. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest income/(expense) and other income/(expense), respectively, in the accompanying consolidated and combined statement of operations. All deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent in the consolidated and combined balance sheet. We periodically assess whether it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our deferred income tax assets. The ultimate realization of net deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We establish valuation allowances if it is more likely than not that we will be unable to realize our deferred income tax assets. In making this determination, we consider available positive and negative evidence and make certain assumptions. We consider, among other things, projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the overall business environment, our historical financial results, and tax planning strategies. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We determined in the prior fiscal year that is more likely than not that the benefit from the Company s net deferred tax assets will not be realized and accordingly we established a full valuation allowance recorded as an increase to income tax expense. Our assessment involved estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain, and unanticipated events or circumstances could cause actual results to differ from these estimates. Estimates may change as new events occur, estimates of future taxable income may increase during the expected reversal period of our deferred tax assets, or additional information becomes available. Should we change our estimate of the amount of deferred tax assets that we would be able to realize, a full or partial reversal of the valuation allowance could occur resulting in a decrease to the provision for income taxes in the period such a change in estimate is made. We will continue to assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. Prior to the Separation, income taxes were allocated in a manner that is systematic, rational, and consistent with the broad principles of ASC 740. Prior to the Separation, our operations have been included in our former parent federal consolidated tax return, certain foreign tax returns, and certain state tax returns. For the purposes of the financial statements presented on a carve-out basis, our income tax provisions were computed as if we filed separate tax returns (i.e., as if we had not been included in the consolidated income tax return group with our former parent). The separate return method applies ASC 740 to the combined financial statements of each member of a consolidated tax group as if the group member were a separate taxpayer. As a result, actual tax transactions included in the consolidated financial statements of our former parent may not be included in our consolidated and combined financial statements. Also, the tax treatment of certain items reflected in the consolidated and combined financial statements may not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements and tax returns of our former parent. It is conceivable that items such as net operating losses, other deferred taxes, uncertain tax positions, and valuation allowances may exist in the consolidated and combined financial statements that may or may not exist in our former parent s consolidated financial statements. Since our results, prior to the Separation, were included in our former parent consolidated tax returns, payments to certain tax authorities were made by our former parent and not by us. For tax jurisdictions in which we are included with our former parent in a consolidated tax filing, we do not maintain taxes payable to or from our former parent and the payments are deemed to be settled immediately with the legal entities paying the tax in the respective tax jurisdictions through changes in parent company investment. Tax receivables in jurisdictions where we do not file a consolidated tax return with our former parent, such as certain state tax returns, are recorded as income tax receivable. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities, prior to the Separation, as presented in the combined balance sheet, reflect the net future tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 of our customers accounted for more than 10 of our net sales, accounting for million, or , million, or , and million, or , of our fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 net sales, respectively. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of our customers exceeded 10 or more of our accounts receivable, accounting for million, or , and million, or , of our fiscal 2023 and 2022 accounts receivable, respectively. We are not aware of any issues with respect to relationships with any of our top customers. We source a majority of our purchased finished goods from Asia. 

ASU 2019-12 on , and the cumulative effect of the adoption was t material to our consolidated and combined financial statements and related disclosures. In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, or ASU 2020-04, to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the contract modifications, hedge relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. ASU 2020-04, which was upon issuance and may be applied through December 31, 2022, is applicable to all contracts and hedging relationships that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), or any other reference rate expected to be discontinued. As a result of the amendment to the revolving line of credit agreement, see Note 10 - Debt , which uses SOFR as an interest rate option instead of LIBOR to calculate the applicable interest rate, the new guidance does t have a material impact on our consolidated and combined financial statements and related disclosures. 

million, financed using a combination of existing cash balances and cash from a million draw on our revolving line of credit. Grilla is a provider of high-quality, barbecue grills; Wi-Fi-enabled wood pellet grills; smokers; accessories; and modular outdoor kitchens. We accounted for the acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the consideration transferred over the estimated fair value of the net assets received was recorded as goodwill. The factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill primarily relate to acquisition-driven anticipated cost savings and synergies. The assembled workforce is not recognized separate and apart from goodwill as it is neither separable nor contractual in nature. During the year ended April 30, 2022, we increased goodwill by million as a result of valuations related to the Grilla Grills acquisition, which was subsequently written off as we recorded a full impairment of our goodwill on April 30, 2022. The goodwill related to the Grilla Grills acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. The valuation of the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in the Grilla Grills acquisition is complete. 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Intangibles 

Goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued warranty 

Total liabilities assumed 

We recorded of acquisition-related costs, including of acquisition-related costs incurred in fiscal 2023, which were recorded in general and administrative expenses. Grilla generated million and million of net sales in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. We determined the fair market value of the intangible assets acquired in accordance with ASC 805 - Business Combinations and ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurement and assigned a fair market value of million to tradenames at the acquisition date. We amortize assets in proportion to expected yearly revenue generated from the intangibles that we acquire. The weighted average life of tradenames acquired is years. 

Income from operations 

Net income per share - diluted 

The unaudited pro forma income from operations for the years ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 has been adjusted to reflect increased cost of goods sold from the fair value step-up in inventory, which is expensed over the first inventory cycle, and the amortization of intangibles as if the Grilla Grills acquisition had occurred on May 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved had the Grilla Grills acquisition occurred as of May 1, 2020, or the results that may be achieved in future periods. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we recorded million of operating lease costs, of which related to short-term leases. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we recorded million of operating lease costs, of which related to short-term leases. As of April 30, 2023, our weighted average lease term and weighted average discount rate for our operating leases was years and , respectively. The operating lease costs, weighted average lease term, and weighted average discount rate are primarily driven by the sublease of our corporate office and warehouse facility in Columbia, Missouri through fiscal 2039. The depreciable lives of right-of-use assets are limited by the lease term and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we amended the existing operating lease for our corporate office and warehouse facility in Columbia, Missouri to expand our usable square footage in our warehouse. The term of the lease remains unchanged, through fiscal 2039. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability of million. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, an operating lease for warehouse and office space in Wilsonville, Oregon expired. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we entered into an Assignment and Assumption of Lease Agreement (the Assignment Agreement with our former parent company and RCS - S W Facility, LLC to obtain the rights of lease to the entire facility in Columbia, Missouri, subject to certain conditions. For more information, refer to Note 16 - Commitments and Contingencies. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, an operating lease for a separate location in Columbia, Missouri expired. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total future lease payments 

Less amounts representing interest 

() 

Present value of lease payments 

Less current maturities of lease liabilities 

() 

Long-term maturities of lease liabilities 

During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the liabilities and the operating cash flows was million. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the liabilities and the operating cash flows was million. 

Finished parts 

Work in process 

Raw material 

Total inventories 

Certain of our suppliers in Asia require deposits to procure our inventory products prior to beginning the manufacturing process. These deposits on our inventory varies by supplier and range from to . For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, we have recorded million and million, respectively, in prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet. 

Computer and other equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant, and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was milli on, million, and million, respectively. 

Research and development 

Selling, marketing, and distribution 

General and administrative (a) 

Total depreciation and amortization 

(a) million, million, a nd million of amortization for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which were recorded as a result of our acquisitions. 

F- 20 
 
 AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

() 

() 

Developed software and technology 

() 

() 

Patents, trademarks, and trade names 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Patents and software in development 

Total definite-lived intangible assets 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

We amortize intangible assets with determinable lives over a weighted-average period of approximately . The weighted-average periods of amortization by intangible asset class is approximately for customer relationships, for developed software and technology, and for patents, trademarks, and trade names. Amortization expense amounted to million, million, a nd million for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

We did t record any impairment charges for long-lived intangible assets in the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, excluding the goodwill adjustments noted below. 

Adjustments 

Acquisitions 

Goodwill impairment 

() 

Balance as of April 30, 2022 

Adjustments 

Balance as of April 30, 2023 

As of April 30, 2023, we have accumulated million of goodwill impairment charges since fiscal 2015 which includes all of our accumulated goodwill to date. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more details relating to these impairments. 

 F- 21 
 
 AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accrued freight 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued commissions 

Accrued warranty 

Accrued employee benefits 

Accrued taxes other than income 

Accrued other 

Total accrued expenses 

million revolving line of credit secured by substantially all our assets, maturing from the closing date, with available borrowings determined by a borrowing base calculation. The revolving line included an option to increase the credit commitment by an additional million. The revolving line bore interest at a fluctuating rate equal to the Base Rate or LIBOR, as applicable, plus the applicable margin. On March 25, 2022, we amended our secured loan and security agreement, or the Amended Loan and Security Agreement, increasing the revolving line of credit to million, secured by substantially all our assets, maturing in March 2027 , with available borrowings determined by a borrowing base calculation. million. The amended revolving line bears interest at a fluctuating rate equal to the Base Rate or Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, as applicable, plus the applicable margin. The applicable margin can range from a minimum of to a maximum of based on certain conditions as defined in the Amended Loan and Security Agreement. The financing arrangement contains covenants relating to minimum debt service coverage. As of April 30, 2023, we had million of borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit, which bore interest at , equal to SOFR plus the applicable margin. The proceeds from the borrowings on our revolving line of credit were used to purchase the Grilla Grills branded products from FTI in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, we executed an irrevocable standby letter of credit for million to collateralize duty drawback bonds. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, amounts have been drawn on the letter of credit. 

 million as of April 30, 2023 and million as of April 30, 2022. Cash and cash equivalents are reported at fair value based on market prices for identical assets in active markets, and therefore classified as Level 1 of the value hierarchy. Level 2 Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on quoted prices in markets in which trading occurs infrequently or whose values are based on quoted prices of instruments with similar attributes in active markets. Level 2 inputs include the following: quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets (such as corporate and municipal bonds which trade infrequently); 

 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability (such as interest rate and currency swaps); and 

 inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liability (such as certain securities and derivatives). 

 The carrying value of our revolving line of credit approximated the fair value, as of April 30, 2023, in considering Level 2 inputs within the hierarchy. Level 3 Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect our assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. We currently do t have any Level 3 financial assets or liabilities as of April 30, 2023. 

Additional provisions charged to expense 

Payments 

() 

() 

Ending balance 

million of our common stock, subject to certain conditions, in the open market, or block purchases, executable through . During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we completed this stock repurchase program by purchasing shares of our common stock, in the open market, for a total of million under this authorization, utilizing cash on hand. We have recorded the shares we purchased, at cost, as a reduction of stockholders equity on the consolidated balance sheet. On September 30, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of our common stock, subject to certain conditions, in the open market, in block purchases, or in privately negotiated transactions, executable through . During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, under this authorization, we repurchased shares of our common stock, in the open market, for million utilizing cash on hand. Incentive Stock and Employee Stock Purchase Plans Prior to the Separation, our employees participated in of our former parent s sponsored incentive stock plans. All grants made prior to the Separation covering all participants were issued under those plans. Certain of our employees have participated in our former parent s 2013 Incentive Stock Plan. The following disclosures of stock-based compensation expense recognized by us, prior to the Separation, are based on grants related directly to our employees and an allocation of our former parent s corporate and shared employee stock-based compensation expenses. Accordingly, the amounts presented are not necessarily indicative of future awards and do not necessarily reflect the results that we would have experienced as an independent company for the periods presented. In connection with the Separation, outstanding and vested awards granted to employees under our former parent s incentive stock plans were converted into our stock-based awards. Unvested awards held by our employees were converted into our stock-based awards. The ratio used to convert our former parent incentive plan awards was intended to preserve the aggregate intrinsic value of each award immediately after the Separation when compared to the aggregate intrinsic value immediately prior to the Separation. All performance-based restricted share units, or PSUs, outstanding on the Distribution Date were converted to PSUs using payout metrics based on a combination of actual performance through the Distribution Date and the target for the remainder of the performance period. Due to the conversion, we expect to incur of incremental stock-based compensation expense for our employees to be recognized over the awards' remaining vesting period. As of April 30, 2023, the remaining vesting period was years. Post-Separation, we have a stock incentive plan, or 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan, under which we can grant new awards to our employees and directors. Our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan authorizes the issuance of awards covering up to shares of our common stock. The plan permits the grant of options to acquire common stock, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, or RSUs, stock appreciation rights, bonus stock and awards in lieu of obligations, performance awards, and dividend equivalents. Our Board of Directors, or a committee established by our Board of Directors, administers the plan, selects recipients to whom awards are granted, and determines the grants to be awarded. Stock options granted under the plan are exercisable at a price determined by our Board of Directors or a committee thereof at the time of grant, but in no event, less than fair market value of our common stock on the date granted. Grants of options may be made to employees and directors without regard to any performance measures. All options issued pursuant to the plan are generally nontransferable and subject to forfeiture. Unless terminated earlier by our Board of Directors, our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan will terminate at the earliest of (1) the tenth anniversary of the effective date of our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan, or (2) such time as shares of common stock remain available for issuance under the plan and we have no further rights or obligations with respect to outstanding awards under the plan. The date of grant of an award is deemed to be the date upon which our Board of Directors or a committee thereof authorizes the granting of such award. Except in specific circumstances, grants generally vest over a period of three or and grants of stock options are exercisable for a period of . Our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan also permits the grant of awards to non-employees. We recognized million and million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. We recognized million of stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021. Of the total stock-based compensation we recognized for the period prior to the Separation, for the year ended April 30, 2021, related to allocations of our former parent s corporate and shared employee stock-based compensation expense. We include stock-based compensation expense in the cost of sales, sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Except in specific circumstances, with one-fourth of the units vesting on each anniversary of the grant date. We amortize the aggregate fair value of our RSU grants to compensation expense over the vesting period. Awards that do not vest are forfeited. We grant performance stock units, or PSUs, to our executive officers and certain other employees from time to time. At the time of grant, we calculate the fair value of our PSUs using the Monte-Carlo simulation. 

Russell 2000 Index 

Volatility (a) 

American Outdoor Brands, Inc. 

Russell 2000 Index 

Correlation coefficient (b) 

Risk-free interest rate (c) 

Dividend yield (d) 

(a) s. 

 (b) 

 (c) performance period. 

 (d) 

The PSUs vest, and the fair value of such PSUs will be recognized, over the corresponding performance period. Our PSUs have a maximum aggregate award equal to of the target unit amount granted. Generally, the number of PSUs that may be earned depends upon the total stockholder return, or TSR, of our common stock compared with the TSR of the Russell 2000 Index, or the RUT, over the three-year performance period. For PSUs, our stock must outperform the RUT by in order for the target award to vest. In addition, there is a cap on the number of shares that can be earned under our PSUs, which is equal to six times the grant-date value of each award. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we granted an aggregate of service based RSUs, including RSUs to executive officers and RSUs to non-executive officer employees and directors under our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan. We granted an aggregate of PSUs to our executive officers during fiscal 2023. In addition, in connection with a 2019 grant, we vested PSUs (i.e., the target amount granted), which achieved of the maximum aggregate award possible, resulting in awards totaling shares to certain of our executive officers and employees of our former parent that were granted as part of the Separation. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we cancelled RSUs as a result of the service condition not being met. In connection with the vesting RSUs, during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we delivered common stock to our employees, including executive officers and directors, with a total market value of million. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we granted an aggregate of service based RSUs, including RSUs to executive officers and RSUs to non-executive officer employees and directors under our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan. We granted an aggregate of PSUs to our executive officers during fiscal 2022. In addition, in connection with a 2018 grant, we vested PSUs (i.e., the target amount granted), which achieved of the maximum aggregate award possible, resulting in awards totaling shares to certain of our executive officers and employees of our former parent that were granted as part of the Separation. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we cancelled RSUs, and PSUs, as a result of the service condition not being met. In connection with the vesting RSUs, during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, we delivered common stock to our employees, including executive officers and directors, with a total market value of million. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, we granted an aggregate of service based RSUs to executive officers, non-executive officer employees, and directors, and PSUs to certain executive officers and employees under our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, we cancelled service based RSUs as a result of the service condition not being met. In connection with the vesting of RSUs, during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2021, we delivered common stock to employees and directors under our 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan with a total market value of . 

Awarded 

Vested 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

RSUs and PSUs outstanding, end of period 

As of April 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs and PSUs. We expect to recognize this expense over a weighted average remaining contractual term of years. We have an employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, which authorizes the sale of up to shares of our common stock to employees. All options and rights to participate in our ESPP are nontransferable and subject to forfeiture in accordance with our ESPP guidelines. Our current ESPP will be implemented in a series of successive offering periods, each with a maximum duration of months. If the fair market value per share of our common stock on any purchase date is less than the fair market value per share on the start date of a 12-month offering period, then that offering period will automatically terminate, and a new 12-month offering period will begin on the next business day. Each offering period will begin on April 1 or October 1, as applicable, immediately following the end of the previous offering period. Payroll deductions will be on an after-tax basis, in an amount of not less than and not more than (or such greater percentage as the committee appointed to administer our ESPP may establish from time to time before the first day of an offering period) of a participant s compensation on each payroll date. The option exercise price per share will equal of the lower of the fair market value on the first day of the offering period or the fair market value on the exercise date. The maximum number of shares that a participant may purchase during any purchase period is the greater of shares, or a total of in shares, based on the fair market value on the first day of the offering period. Our ESPP will remain in effect until the earliest of (a) the exercise date that participants become entitled to purchase a number of shares greater than the number of reserved shares available for purchase under our ESPP, (b) such date as is determined by our Board of Directors in its discretion, or (c) the tenth anniversary of the effective date. In the event of certain corporate transactions, each option outstanding under our ESPP will be assumed or an equivalent option will be substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation. During fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, shares and shares, respectively, were purchased by our employees under our ESPP. We measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of an equity instrument based on the grant-date fair value of the award. We amortize the fair value of the award over the vesting period of the option. Under the ESPP, fair value is determined at the beginning of the purchase period and amortized over the term of each exercise period. - 

- 

Expected term 
 
 - 

months - months 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

Dividend yield 

We estimate expected volatility using historical volatility for the expected term. The fair value of each stock option or ESPP purchase was estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free interest rate, expected term, expected volatility, and dividend yield variables, as noted in the above table). 

 F- 26 
 
 AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED AND COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 to of their annual pay and we generally make discretionary matching contributions of up to of the first of employee contributions to the plan. We contributed , , and for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Non-Contributory Profit-Sharing Plan Our employees participate in our non-contributory profit-sharing plan upon meeting certain eligibility requirements. Our contributions to the plan are discretionary. We did t contribute to the plan for the fiscal year 2023. For fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we contributed and million, respectively, which has been recorded in general and administrative costs. Contributions are funded after the fiscal year-end. 

State 

() 

Foreign 

Total current 

() 

Deferred: 

Deferred federal 

() 

Deferred state 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

Total income tax expense/(benefit) 

() 

() 

State income taxes, less federal income tax benefit 

() 

() 

Stock compensation 

() 

() 

Research and development tax credit 

() 

() 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Change in deferred tax valuation allowance 

Other 

Total income tax expense/(benefit) 

() 

(a) We had a federal statutory rate of in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

Accrued expenses, including compensation 

Product liability 

Workers' compensation 

Warranty reserve 

Stock-based compensation 

State bonus depreciation 

Property, plant, and equipment 

() 

() 

Intangible assets 

Right-of Use assets 

() 

() 

Right-of Use lease liabilities 

Capitalized R D 

Other 

() 

() 

Loss and credit carryforwards 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset/(liability) total 

As of April 30, 2023, federal and state net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards were million and million, respectively, and of federal research development tax credits. The tax-effected deferred tax assets recorded for federal and state NOL carryforwards were million and , respectively. Under legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or Tax Act, federal NOLs incurred in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely. The federal research and development credits of , which, if unused, will expire after . State NOL carryforwards of million, which, if unused, will expire in years through . The remaining of the state NOL carryforwards may also be carried forward indefinitely. There were federal or state net operating loss carryforwards or credits as of April 30, 2022. As of April 30, 2023, we continued to maintain a full valuation allowance of million against our net deferred income tax assets based on management's assessment that it was more likely than not that our deferred income tax assets will not be recovered. We will continue to evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets until there is sufficient positive evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. As of April 30, 2022, we had established a full valuation allowance of million against our net deferred income tax assets based on management's assessment that it was more likely than not that our deferred income tax assets will not be recovered. The income tax provisions (benefit) represent effective tax rates of , and for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectivel y. Excluding the impact of the non-cash goodwill impairment charges, and establishing the full valuation allowance against our deferred taxes, our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 was . U.S. income taxes have not been provided on of undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiary since it is our intention to permanently reinvest such earnings offshore. If the earnings were distributed in the form of dividends, we would not be subject to U.S. tax as a result of the Tax Act but could be subject to foreign income and withholding taxes. Determination of the amount of this unrecognized deferred income tax liability is not practical. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, we did t have any gross tax-effected unrecognized tax benefits. With limited exception, we are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local, or non-U.S. income tax audits by tax authorities for fiscal years subsequent to April 30, 2019. On March 7, 2023, the Internal Revenue Service IRS initiated an examination of our Federal income tax return filed for the tax period ended April 30, 2021. We have evaluated our income tax positions using the more-likely-than-not threshold in order to determine the amount of tax benefits to be recognized in our consolidated financial statements. We do not anticipate any significant changes to the net amount of Federal income tax for the period under audit, accordingly we have not recorded any related income tax impacts at this time. However, if audit proceedings with the IRS cause us to believe that any our previously recognized tax positions no longer meet the more-likely-than-not threshold, the related benefit amount would be derecognized in the first financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. 

Shenzhen, China 

Phoenix, Arizona 

Chicopee, Massachusetts 

Columbia, Missouri 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement The Lease covers approximately square feet of building and surrounding property located at 1800 North Route Z, Columbia, Boone County, Missouri, or the Building where we currently sublease approximately square feet from our former parent company, or the Sublease. If the conditions precedent set forth in the Assignment Agreement are satisfied, then effective on January 1, 2024, we will no longer be subject to the provisions and terms of the Sublease, but instead we will have use of the entire Building under the Lease. The Lease provides the tenant with an option to expand the Building by up to additional square feet. The Lease term ends on and, pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, . Upon the effectiveness of the Lease assignment, the total annual expense under the Lease, including base rent, is estimated at million, which represents an incremental million above our annual expense under the Sublease, which we expect will be entirely offset by savings from recent facility consolidations and efficiencies gained in our distribution processes. We expect an increase of million will be recorded as a right-of-use asset on our consolidated balance sheet, when effective. We also expect to receive tax and other incentives from federal, state, and local governmental authorities previously received by our former parent. Our former parent will guarantee the Lease through the end of the term. Gain Contingency In 2018, the United States imposed additional section 301 tariffs of up to , on certain goods imported from China. These additional section 301 tariffs apply to our sourced products from China and have added additional cost to us. We are utilizing the duty drawback mechanism to offset some of the direct impact of these tariffs, specifically on goods that we sold internationally. We are accounting for duty drawbacks as a gain contingency and may record any such gain from a reimbursement in future periods if and when the contingency is resolved. 

 segment based on several key factors, including the reporting and review process used by the chief operating decision maker, our Chief Executive Officer, who reviews only consolidated financial information and makes decisions to allocate resources based on those financial statements. We analyze revenue streams in various ways, including customer group, brands, product categories, and customer channels. However, this information does not include a full set of discrete financial information. In addition, although we currently sell our products under distinct brands that are organized into brand lanes and include specific product sales that have identified revenue streams, these brand lanes are focused almost entirely on product development and marketing activities and do not qualify as separate reporting units under ASC 280-10-50-1. Other sales and customer focused activities, operating activities, and administrative activities are not divided by brand lane and, therefore, expenses related to each brand lane are not accumulated or reviewed individually. Our business is evaluated based upon a number of financial and operating measures, including sales, gross profit and gross margin, operating expenses, and operating margin. Our business includes our outdoor products and accessories products as well as our electro-optics products, which we develop, source, market, assemble, and distribute from our facility in Columbia, Missouri facility. We report operating costs based on the activities performed. 

 Related Party Sales For the period prior to the Separation in fiscal year 2021, our sales to our former parent totaled million during, which are included in net sales in the combined statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Net Transfers To and From our former parent Prior to the Separation, our former parent utilized a centralized approach to cash management and financing its operations. Disbursements were made through centralized accounts payable systems, which were operated by our former parent. Cash receipts were transferred to centralized accounts, which were also maintained by our former parent. As cash was received and disbursed by our former parent, it was accounted for by us through the former parent company investment. Certain related party transactions between us and our former parent have been included within the former parent company investment in the combined balance sheets in the historical periods presented. All notes to and from our former parent were settled in connection with the Separation. The interest income and expense related to the activity with our former parent, which was historically included in our results prior to the Separation, is presented on a net basis in the combined statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). Interest income on the activity with our former parent was during the first four months of our fiscal year 2021, prior to the Separation. The total effect of the settlement of these related party transactions is reflected as a financing activity in the consolidated and combined statements of cash flows. 

 F- 31 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 aout-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of Organization 

AOB Products Company 
 
 Missouri 

Crimson Trace Corporation 
 
 Oregon 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 aout-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our report dated June 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration Statement of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-248230). 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 June 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 aout-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brian D. Murphy, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Outdoor Brands, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian D. Murphy 

Brian D. Murphy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 aout-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, H. Andrew Fulmer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American Outdoor Brands, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ H. Andrew Fulmer 

H. Andrew Fulmer 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 aout-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. (the Company for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brian D. Murphy, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brian D. Murphy 

Brian D. Murphy 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 aout-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Outdoor Brands, Inc. (the Company for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, H. Andrew Fulmer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 
 /s/ H. Andrew Fulmer 

H. Andrew Fulmer 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 aout-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 aout-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 aout-20230430.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 aout-20230430_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 aout-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

