<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230606_10-K_edgar_data_1805833_0001805833-23-000078.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17345417</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1409295</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2771238</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6133934</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3623831</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3064970</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001805833-23-000078.hdr.sgml : 20230606
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230606062428
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001805833-23-000078
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230606
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230606

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			System1, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805833
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				981531250
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39331
		FILM NUMBER:		23994823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4235 REDWOOD AVENUE
		CITY:			MARINA DEL REY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-924-6037

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4235 REDWOOD AVENUE
		CITY:			MARINA DEL RAY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90066

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trebia Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001805833-23-000078.txt : 20230606

10-K
 1
 sst-20221231.htm
 10-K

sst-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

) 
 (Registrant s telephone number including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 1 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was (based on the closing price for shares of the registrant s Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date). Shares of common stock held by each executive officer, director, and holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of possible affiliate status is not a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 As of May 15, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and shares of Class C common stock, .0001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 53 
 Item 2. Properties 
 54 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 57 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 58 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 59 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 76 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 77 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 132 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 133 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 136 
 Item 9 C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 136 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 137 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 142 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 149 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 152 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 155 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 156 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 158 
 Signatures 
 159 

3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements concerning possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, events or results of operations, and any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, should, expect, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are subject to a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions described under the section in this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks, including, without limitation, the following: 
 
 The ability to maintain, grow, process, utilize and protect the data we collect from consumers; 
 The ability to maintain our relationships with network partners and advertisers; 
 The performance of our responsive acquisition marketing platform, or RAMP; 
 Changes in client demand for our services and our ability to adapt to such changes; 
 The ability to maintain and attract consumers and advertisers in the face of changing economic or competitive conditions; 
 The ability to improve and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting and remediate identified material weaknesses; 
 The ability to successfully source and complete acquisitions and to integrate the operations of companies System1 acquires; 
 The ability to raise financing in the future as and when needed or on market terms; 
 The ability to compete with existing competitors and the entry of new competitors in the market; 
 Changes in applicable laws or regulations and the ability to maintain compliance with the various laws that our business and operations are subject to; 
 The ability to protect our intellectual property rights; and 
 Other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including those described herein under the heading Risk Factors. 
 
 Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from 
 4 

time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will prove to be accurate. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. 
 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase the risks associated with your investment. 
 Our revenue is tied to the effectiveness and performance of our responsive acquisition marketing platform (RAMP). 
 A meaningful portion of our revenue is attributable to our agreements with Google, and therefore is subject to their practices and willingness to maintain these arrangements. 
 We rely on large-scale acquisition marketing channels, such as Google, Facebook and Taboola, as well as our network partners, for a significant portion of our consumer Internet traffic. 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, or if other material weaknesses are identified, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, prevent or detect material misstatements due to fraud or error, or file our periodic reports as a public company in a timely manner. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock. 
 A significant portion of our assets consists of other intangible assets, the value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. 
 We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs, which may in turn impair our growth. 
 Operational and performance issues with our platform, whether real or perceived, including a failure to respond to technological changes or to upgrade our technology systems, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we fail to innovate and make the right investment decisions in our offerings and platform, we may not attract and retain advertisers, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our solutions that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenues and results of operations to decline. 
 We compete for advertising spend from our advertisers, and if we are unable to maintain or increase our share of the advertising spend of our advertisers, our business could be harmed. 
 Our advertising business is dependent on advertisers buying mobile, display and video advertising. A decrease in the use of these advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions, including as a result of health and safety concerns related to a pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 5 

We may experience outages and disruptions on RAMP, our websites and other software products if we fail to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure as we scale RAMP, websites and other software products, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We depend on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract consumers to our websites and convert them into sales for our advertisers. If we are unable to drive traffic cost-effectively our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 We depend on third-party website publishers for a significant portion of our visitors, and any decline in the supply of media available through these websites or increase in the price of this media could cause our revenue to decline or our cost to reach visitors to increase. 
 Our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and inventory suppliers trust could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 If the non-proprietary technology, software, products and services that we use are unavailable, have future terms we cannot agree to, or do not perform as we expect, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 Privacy and data protection laws to which we are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or cause us to change RAMP or our business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We typically collect and store IP addresses, other device identifiers (such as unique mobile application identifiers) and email addresses, which are or may be considered personal data or personal information in some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of regulation. 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect and use first-party data about our users and subscribers. If that access is restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by technical changes on end users devices and web browsers, or our and our clients ability to use data on RAMP is otherwise restricted, our performance may decline and we may lose advertisers and revenue. 
 Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. 
 We face potential liability and harm to our business based on the nature of our business and the content on RAMP. 
 You may only be able to exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 
 We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may have an adverse effect on holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 Our Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of the Warrants, which could limit the ability of Warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worth less than what you paid for them. 
 
 6 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, System1, we, us, our and other similar terms refer to System1, Inc. and its subsidiaries and references to Trebia refer to the Company, formerly known as Trebia Acquisition Corp., prior to the Merger (as defined below). References to Notes are notes included in our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All figures are presented in thousands, except percentages, rates and unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We operate an omnichannel customer acquisition platform, delivering high-intent customers to advertisers and marketing antivirus software packages to end user customers. 
 
 We provide our omnichannel customer acquisition platform services through our proprietary responsive acquisition marketing platform RAMP ). Operating seamlessly across major advertising networks and advertising category verticals to acquire users, RAMP allows us to monetize these acquired users through our relationships with third party advertisers and advertising networks Advertising Partners ). RAMP also allows third party advertising platforms and publishers Network Partners to send user traffic to, and monetize user traffic on, our owned and operated websites or throughout our monetization agreements. RAMP operates across our network of owned and operated websites, allowing us to monetize user traffic that we source from various acquisition marketing channels, including Google, Facebook, Taboola and Zemanta. 
 
 Through RAMP, we process approximately 28 million daily advertising campaign optimizations and ingest approximately 5 billion rows of data daily across more than 40 advertising categories as of December 31, 2022. We are able to efficiently monetize user intent by linking data on consumer engagement, such as first party search data, with data on monetization and advertising spend. This context-enriched data, combined with our proprietary and data science driven algorithms, creates a closed-loop system that is not reliant on personally identifiable information or information obtained through third-party cookies, but which allows RAMP to efficiently match consumer demand with the appropriate advertiser or advertising experience across advertising verticals. 
 
 The business of S1 Holdco, LLC S1 Holdco ), a Delaware limited liability company, one of the entities acquired in the Merger described below, was founded in 2013 with a focus on monetizing user traffic acquired by its Network Partners. Since launching, it has expanded to support additional advertising formats across numerous advertising platforms, and has acquired several leading websites, enabling it to control user acquisition and experience, and monetize user traffic on its behalf via its network of owned and operated websites. Today S1 Holdco owns and operates approximately 40 websites, including leading search engines like info.com and Startpage.com, and publishing digital media sites and utilities such as HowStuffWorks, MapQuest, CouponFollow and ActiveBeat. 
 
 We, through our wholly owned subsidiary Protected.net Group Limited, incorporated in England and Wales Protected.net ), also provide antivirus and consumer privacy software solutions, offering our customers a single packaged solution that provides protection and reporting to the end user. We deliver our antivirus software solutions directly to end-user customers across the world. The antivirus software solutions product offering comprises a core security package with varying levels of extra protection based on customers' specific needs. These products include unlimited devices, Adblock and ID Protect, and are managed to ensure they provide a value-added service to the customer base. The software is sold in either a monthly or annual subscription predominantly through the flagship brand TotalAV. As of December 31, 2022, Protected.net had over 2.4 million active subscribers for its products. 
 
 Our primary operations are in the United States, and we also have operations in Canada, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Operations outside the United States are subject to risks inherent in operating under different legal systems and various political and economic environments. Among the risks are changes in existing tax laws, possible limitations on foreign investment and income repatriation, government foreign exchange controls 
 7 

and exposure to currency exchange fluctuations. We do not engage in hedging activities to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 The Merger 
 
 On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended on November 30, 2021, January 10, 2022 and January 25, 2022) (the "Business Combination Agreement" or BCA by and among us, S1 Holdco and System1 SS Protected Holdings, Inc. Protected ). On January 26, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company consummated the business combination (the Merger pursuant to the BCA. Following the consummation of the Merger, the combined company was organized via an Up-C structure, in which substantially all of the assets and business operations of System1 are held by S1 Holdco. Our combined business continues to operate through the subsidiaries of S1 Holdco and Protected. Additionally, Trebia s ordinary shares and public warrants ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), and System1 Inc.'s Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share ("Class A common stock" or "Class A Common Stock") and the public warrants (the "Public Warrants") began trading on the NYSE on January 28, 2022 under the symbols SST and SST.WS, respectively. 
 
 The consideration paid to the existing equity holders of S1 Holdco and Protected in connection with the Merger was a combination of cash, Class A common stock, Class C common stock, .0001 par value per share ("Class C common stock" or "Class C Common Stock") and a combination of restricted stock units in System1 and cash awards. The aggregate consideration under the BCA was 440,155 of cash and 411,453 of equity. Additionally, the aggregate Class B units in S1 Holdco retained by S1 Holdco equity holders at the Closing Date resulted in a non-controlling interest with an estimated value of 198,691. 
 
 The Company was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Merger, and S1 Holdco was deemed to be the predecessor entity. Accordingly, the historical financial statements of S1 Holdco became the historical financial statements of the Company, upon the consummation of the Merger. As a result, the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect: (i) the historical operating results of S1 Holdco prior to the Merger; and (ii) the consolidated results of the Company, including S1 Holdco and Protected following the closing of the Merger. The accompanying financial information includes a Predecessor period, which includes the periods through January 26, 2022 concurrent with the Merger, and a Successor period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022. A black-line between the Predecessor and Successor periods has been placed in the consolidated financial statements and in the tables within the notes to the consolidated financial statements to highlight the lack of comparability between these two periods as the Merger resulted in a new basis of accounting for S1 Holdco. 
 
 Refer to Note 3 MERGER of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Our Industry 
 
 Today, advertisers seeking to reach their target consumers are confronted by significant operational and systemic challenges. Legacy mediums, including print, television and radio, represent a smaller and shrinking portion of media consumption than they have historically, as digital media formats, in particular those best served by mobile devices, have proliferated. Spending on global digital advertising has grown rapidly, reaching an estimated 523 billion in 2021, and is projected to grow to an estimated 766 billion in 2025. Additionally, spending on global digital advertising accounted for approximately 65 of total global advertising spend in 2021, a percentage that is expected to grow to almost 71 in 2025, continuing a trend of supplanting traditional advertising models to support advertisers customer acquisition efforts. 
 
 Digital marketing has become an increasingly complex ecosystem due to several trends. These trends include the rapid diversification of digital platforms, ever-evolving and more sophisticated advertising networks and ad exchange platforms, increasing audience fragmentation, rapidly changing technology infrastructure and a greater regulatory and audience focus on consumer and data privacy. As a result, advertisers continue to struggle to efficiently find high quality audiences that drive strong and consistent return on advertising spend. Since consumer 
 8 

demand is cyclical, constantly evolving and difficult to identify, marketing strategies are often tied to particular channels or verticals, which in turn makes identifying intent-driven consumer demand at the appropriate decision point a challenge for advertisers. We believe we are well positioned to address these challenges and match consumer demand with the appropriate advertiser, regardless of seasonality or economic cycle. 
 
 Some of the key industry trends are as follows: 
 
 Advertisers Have Significantly Shifted Their Budgets from Traditional Media to a Diverse Array of Digital Channels . Media content and advertising is increasingly becoming digital due to rapid advances in technology, increasing distribution channels and changes in consumer behavior. This shift has facilitated an unprecedented array of options for advertisers to better target and measure their advertising campaigns across nearly every media channel and device-type. This seismic shift in and across digital advertising has placed a significant premium on advertising decisions that are based on actual consumer behavior and temporal data. We believe that the digital advertising market will continue to grow and evolve rapidly, and that advertisers will shift more of their advertising spend to these digital media channels. 
 
 Better Execution Against Highly Fragmented Audiences . As digital media channels grow and consumption patterns change, highly fragmented audiences make it challenging to consistently reach a large relevant audience. Individual media consumption is becoming more individualized and fragmented, as the audience spends more time on an increasing number of personal devices while deciding what media to consume and search for rather than having those choices made for them in a large consistent platform. Both trends contribute to the ever-increasing demand from advertisers for programmatic advertising platforms that integrate options to buy advertising and provide data on how to optimize the financial returns of an ad campaign. 
 
 Top Digital Advertisers Are Transitioning Budgets to Performance-Based Models Where Data and Analytics Drive Decision Making . The shift to digital performance-based advertising models can be explained by mounting pressure on advertisers to demonstrate tangible results against their advertising efforts, and the corresponding shift of advertising budgets to distribution channels that facilitate the ability to better monitor results. We have designed RAMP to specifically address this constantly evolving landscape. Through our network of owned and operated websites, we have access to valuable first party intent data, which our platform combines with real-time feedback on the intent-driven consumer s reaction to ads, thereby increasing the value of user traffic sent to advertisers and the publishers on which they are displayed. 
 
 Automation of Ad Buying . The growing complexity and increasing speed of digital marketing and advertising decisions has increased the need for automation. Technology that enables fast, accurate and cost-effective decision-making through computer algorithms that use extensive (and iterative) data sets has become critical for the success of digital advertising campaigns. By using programmatic inventory buying tools, advertisers are able to automate their campaigns, thereby providing them with better price discovery on an impression-by-impression basis. As a result, advertisers are able to efficiently bid on and purchase the advertising inventory they value the most, pay less for the inventory they do not value as much, and abstain from buying advertising inventory that does not fit their campaign parameters or reach their target audience. 
 
 Regulatory and Audience Focus on Consumer Data Privacy . Both digital audiences and consumer focused regulatory bodies and agencies are becoming increasingly focused on consumer and data privacy, including the collection and sharing of users' personal data, as advertisers, marketing partners and publishers place a premium on high-quality consumer intent data. Governing bodies throughout the United States (including state and local governments), the European Union and other jurisdictions continue to respond to these growing consumer concerns by proposing and enacting new laws and regulations that are reshaping industry standards regarding consumer privacy, data protection and information security. As advertisers, marketing partners and publishers seek to remain compliant with this evolving regulatory landscape, while avoiding the reputational and financial costs of potential investigations or fines, financial 
 9 

penalties or private actions, first party intent data (i.e. consumer intent and related data properly collected and used directly by the party offering the service or media content) becomes increasingly more valuable. Our owned and operated search engines and publishing websites provide a continuous stream of anonymized and aggregated proprietary first party search intent data that is leveraged directly by RAMP, with proper disclosure as to how such data was collected, processed and is used. 
 
 Our Opportunity 
 
 Traditional advertising agencies are focused on creative services and allocating large advertising budgets across media platforms, but are often not as sophisticated in deploying the cutting-edge technology necessary to deliver responsive customers. While advertising consultants provide strategic advice, they are limited in their ability to deliver actual customers. Advertising buying platforms are not able to offer our data-science and algorithmic driven optimization of real-time bids. Most digital marketing providers are confined to a few forms of monetization, like lead generation or display advertising, and are typically not agnostic as to which method of monetization they employ. We believe we offer a differentiated platform, as we are channel and monetization-agnostic. We offer transparent measurement and real-time monitoring of return on advertising spend at a detailed level, which allows for purchase and sale decisions to be based on predictive modeling in order to drive superior results from our various advertisers. 
 
 Our Business Model 
 
 We initially began as a monetization platform that connected user traffic acquired by our network partners with advertising demand from our advertisers and advertising networks. We have significantly expanded the scope of our platform through organic growth, strategic acquisitions and the development of RAMP, which enables us to control user acquisition, consumer experience and monetization across all traffic. RAMP is integrated directly with our owned and operated search and digital media publishing websites and utilities, while supporting and utilizing multiple advertising formats across numerous platforms. RAMP is efficiently deployed across various websites and monetization channels, which has allowed us to accelerate our growth through the integration of multiple websites over the past several years. 
 
 Attracting and Monetizing User Traffic through Owned and Operated Websites We own and operate approximately 40 websites, including search engines, publishing properties and utilities in a variety of categories, including health, how-to, general interest, finance, business, technology, travel and automotive. We work seamlessly with acquisition marketing channels to acquire user traffic to our properties. We deploy RAMP across our media properties to efficiently match consumer intent with our own products or services, or engage advertisers that seek to bid for the ability to interact with these consumers. We utilize an efficient content production and distribution strategy through RAMP that is both data-driven and engaging. 
 
 Drive New Subscribers to Subscription Offerings We will employ a similar strategy by utilizing RAMP to acquire new customers to Protected.net s security software subscription product, Total AV, as well as to future subscription products that Protected.net intends to offer in the future. 
 
 Monetizing User Traffic for Our Network Partners We monetize user traffic on behalf of our more than 135 network partners, which include Yahoo!, WebMD and Publisher s Clearing House. These network partners are companies that direct traffic to us in exchange for a share of advertising revenue. In 2022, we processed over 1.4 billion sessions. 
 
 Our Proprietary Assets 
 
 At the core of our business is our proprietary Responsive Acquisition Marketing Platform, or RAMP. RAMP s predictive power is informed and enhanced by the following: 
 
 Owned and Operated Websites We own and operate websites where we are able to attract user traffic across channels and present relevant offers. Our platform analyzes user interactions, builds a 
 10 

comprehensive view of the customer s intent and enables advertisers to maximize return on their spend. The first party intent data that we are able to capture from our owned and operated search and media sites is a differentiated element of our platform enabling more informed and targeted decision-making in the bid parameters that we provide to our network partners. 
 
 Subscription Products Our current subscription product, TotalAV, is a source of recurring subscription revenue. TotalAV provides consumers with security and privacy online through a variety of features, including real-time antivirus and identity protection. Our goal is to be the trusted cyber security partner for consumers across the globe, by enabling our subscribers to securely manage their digital lives across their various devices. As the risks to consumers continue to expand from device-based attacks to more sophisticated threats such as fraud, ransomware, identity theft and privacy intrusions, our products have evolved to provide a multi-layered approach in protecting against these threats, detecting ongoing and/or future attacks and helping our subscribers manage their digital footprint across the Internet, including their technology, applications, networks and identities. The cornerstone of our strategy is to provide consumers with a secure platform that brings together software and service capabilities to enable all facets of cyber safety, including real-time antivirus protection, safe browsing, adblocking, blocking of malicious websites and data breach monitoring. TotalAV is managed by an experienced team of approximately 86 employees who together have been awarded over 28 malware detection certifications from independent testers and industry trade-groups. We plan to continue expanding the scope of our platform through the development of other subscription products - including Total AdBlock and RoadWarrior. 
 
 System1 s Focus on First Party Data In addition to acquiring large volumes of user traffic via RAMP, upon reaching our websites, RAMP utilizes its proprietary access to our first party data in order to further qualify consumer intent and offer the most appropriate user experience and most effective monetization. We are able to combine this dataset with historical information on ad spend across vertical categories, content and ad-creative automation, which is used to optimize monetization performance in order to provide a closed-loop view of the customer and advertising ecosystem. As a result, we have built a robust and valuable asset consisting of proprietary first party data based on more than 550 million distinct search queries a month. This valuable first party data is used by RAMP to target specific consumer audiences based on millions of precedent interactions, and allows us to provide our clients with deeper insights into consumer habits as they continue to interact with our owned and operated websites. 
 
 Network Partner Integrations RAMP is seamlessly integrated with acquisition marketing channels, such as Google, Facebook, Zemanta, Taboola and Bing. This technical integration allows us to optimize our advertising campaigns and bids on a real-time basis, where RAMP processes over 28 million campaign optimizations per day. 
 
 Our Strengths 
 
 We believe that we are well positioned to continue to deliver high performance marketing solutions, including in the delivery of optimized bids and higher return on advertising spend, through the following strengths: 
 
 Proprietary Technology The technology powering RAMP was designed to provide a dynamic closed-loop platform that is able to operate efficiently at scale, while optimizing in real-time across several key advertising considerations, including dynamic ad pricing, consumer intent and historical consumer interaction with relevant ad content. The components of RAMP include our programmatic buying platform, ad media interface, content and ad engine monetization decisioning, real-time revenue attribution, machine learning and data science algorithms, and back-end systems. As a result of the seamless integration of these proprietary technologies, we are able to continually improve performance as we incorporate additional data and evolving product enhancements. 
 
 Omni-Vertical and Monetization Agnostic Service Offering RAMP is designed to work across vertical consumer categories, leveraging consumer data efficiently matched to consumer intent on a real-time basis. RAMP is also integrated with multiple forms of monetization, facilitating display and search advertising, 
 11 

lead generation, video, e-commerce and subscriptions. We believe that our platform adds significant value across the entire digital marketing landscape. 
 
 Best in Class Subscription Products Our subscription products, led by TotalAV, delivers recurring revenue from its over 2.4 million active subscribers as of December 31, 2022. We believe the synergies in integrating RAMP with Protected s customer monetization and relationship management platform have significant potential for additional high-value, point-of-sale monetization of consumers across a large and growing portfolio of online subscription offerings, where we intend to release both new and complimentary subscription products/services. 
 
 Substantial First-Party Data Consumer Information Our websites typically experience an average of 170 million visits per month in aggregate. As a result, we have collected significant data (across search queries and decision-making behavior) from consumers, including first party intent data, and data on how consumers have historically responded to different types of ad content, creatives and formats. 
 
 This data is stored within our platform, so that it can be analyzed and iteratively enriched as consumers return to our websites and continue to interact with us. When this data is fed into our data science and machine learning algorithms, it becomes a powerful tool for identifying new monetization opportunities and increasing return on advertising spend. 
 
 Proven M A Experience We seek out complimentary or ancillary businesses where we can benefit from identified synergies by relying on our industry expertise, significant acquisition experience and in-house strategies to seamlessly integrate targets into RAMP. We have historically evaluated acquisition opportunities along several criteria, including building strong brands in advertising verticals, diversifying monetization capabilities, developing and augmenting new user acquisition channels, accelerating international growth and demonstrating expansion of our owned and operated properties. 
 
 Experienced Management Team Our management team is founder-led, with a deep bench across product, engineering, business corporate development and compliance. 
 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 
 We believe RAMP can be efficiently deployed across the quickly evolving and rapidly expanding digital advertising market. As the total available market for digital advertising expands, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver superior results and performance to advertisers and our network partners through our extensive relationships with leading advertisers and advertising networks, and to better match consumers with the products or services that match their intent. 
 
 Our goal is to continue to improve and extend the scope of RAMP by continuing to evolve and adapt to the ever-changing landscape of new sources of online user traffic, better monetization tools and growing areas of advertising demand. To achieve this goal, we intend to continue to grow our business by pursuing the following growth strategies: 
 
 Grow Existing Business Lines . We plan to expand the number of advertising partners that are utilizing or integrated with RAMP by continuing to attract and monetize users with commercial intent to our owned and operated web properties in high value vertical consumer categories. We will also continue to monetize users on behalf of our network partners. 
 
 Expand Our Subscription Product Offerings . We believe identifying new customers for our current subscription product, TotalAV, will demonstrate the power of applying RAMP to downloadable and similar subscription offerings, as we optimize to maximize return on advertising spend and increase the lifetime value of our subscribers. We plan to release new subscription product offerings and use RAMP to acquire and monetize subscribers through these new and enhanced products. 
 
 12 

Grow Internationally . We plan to selectively expand our business to international markets over time. We believe that we can expand into these new markets by investing in native language resources and continuing to invest in RAMP. 
 
 Continue Executing Strategic Acquisitions . We believe we are operating in a target-rich environment for strategic acquisitions that will enhance RAMP and add to our portfolio of owned and operated websites and subscription offerings. By continuing to execute on our successful track-record of identifying, evaluating, executing and integrating M A targets, we believe that we will be able to continue plugging new acquisitions into our overall business strategy to enhance RAMP and expand the diversity and scope of our owned and operated properties. 
 
 Our websites cover a diverse range of consumer demand and traffic. For example, MapQuest is a web-based navigation software that delivers turn-by-turn direction services to users. Info.com is a metasearch engine that consumers can use to search for relevant information. HowStuffWorks is a commercial website focused on helping people solve problems in their daily lives by using various types of digital media to easily breakdown and explain complex concepts, terminology and mechanisms. Startpage is the world s most private search engine, allowing our users to browse and search the Internet in complete privacy. CouponFollow is one of the largest coupon destinations for online shoppers. 
 
 Protected.net s online subscription consumer security and privacy software, TotalAV, provides award-winning antivirus protection to its users by scanning, locating, quarantining and eliminating viruses, trojans, adware, spyware, ransomware and similar malicious actors in real-time. In addition to scheduled antivirus scans, TotalAV offers a website extension powered by an extensive database of known malicious phishing URLs designed to steal and harvest personal data in order to block phishing URLs, as well as remote firewall access. TotalAV also provides enhanced performance as computers slow down over time by identifying specific errors and programs which impact device performance. Protected.net also has an ad blocking product, Total Adblock, which is a plug-in that allows users to experience a cleaner browsing experience. It eliminates pop-ups, banners and video ads, which improves page load times, and blocks third-party trackers to protect users privacy and information. 
 
 Our Human Capital 
 
 We believe that our values of support, teamwork, individuality, ownership, impact and improvement have been an important component of our success. Behind all our innovations are the talented people around the world who bring them to life. To continue to produce such innovations, we believe that it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain top talent. We strive to make System1 a diverse and inclusive workplace, where our people feel they belong, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop their careers, supported by strong compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. To ensure we live our values, and our culture stays unique and strong, our board of directors (the "Board" or the "Board of Directors") and executive team have put significant focus on our human capital resources. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 500 full-time employees in 5 countries. Regionally, North America and the rest of the world make up approximately 80 and 20 of our workforce, respectively. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and belonging in which all employees are empowered to bring their whole, authentic selves to work every day. At System1, we believe in the people who work for us, and as part of our investment in our people, we prioritize diversity and inclusion. Our goal is to create a culture where we value, respect, and provide fair treatment and opportunities for all employees. We conduct an employee annual survey to give employees the opportunity to provide feedback on our culture. This survey is managed by a third-party vendor to encourage candor and solicit feedback on many aspects of engagement, including company 
 13 

leadership, culture, inclusion, and career development. Our leaders review the survey feedback and work with their teams to take action based on survey results. 
 
 We demonstrate this commitment through a strategy of education, celebration, donations to the community, diversifying our talent, and creating forums for internal dialogue and listening. Our global leadership team is approximately 67 male and 33 female. 
 
 Talent Development 
 
 Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and our company culture of ownership. We empower employees to develop their skills and abilities by acting on great ideas regardless of their role or function, which translates into personal investment in building our organization. We work to provide an environment where talented individuals and teams can thrive in fulfilling careers. 
 
 To set our global team up for success, we define key competencies for roles that are aligned to our values and extend to all levels of leadership regardless of experience and role. We encourage everyone to create individual development plans leveraging competency frameworks tied into their chosen career path, outlining a specific plan and actions to increase proficiency or learn new skills. We seek to provide a wide range of learning and development opportunities in both individual and group settings with formal, social and experiential learning. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 We provide compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees and reward their efforts and contributions. We seek fairness in total compensation with reference to external comparisons, internal comparisons and the relationship between management and non-management compensation. 
 
 In addition to salaries, we provide competitive compensation programs commensurate with our peers and industry. Such compensation and benefit programs may include short term incentives, equity awards, 401(k) plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, employee assistance programs and tuition assistance, among many others. Such programs and our overall compensation packages seek to facilitate retention of key personnel. 
 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes, such as implementing and facilitating teleworking, that we determined were in the best interests of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate, and which comply with applicable government regulations. We continue to evolve our programs to meet our employees health and wellness needs. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The protection of our technology and intellectual property is an important driver of our success. We rely on intellectual property laws, including trade secret, copyright, patent and trademark laws in the U.S. and abroad, and use contracts, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights to protect our intellectual property. Our ability to continually develop new intellectual property and deliver new functionality quickly serves to protect us against competitors. We believe RAMP, along with our proprietary technology assets, is unique in the marketplace, difficult to replicate and would be expensive and time-consuming to build. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 14 

In the advertising industry, companies commonly experience seasonal fluctuations in revenue. For example, many advertisers allocate the largest portion of their budgets to the fourth quarter of the calendar year in order to coincide with increased holiday purchasing. Historically, the fourth quarter of the year reflects our highest level of advertising activity as well as new customer activity to our subscription products, while the first quarter reflects the lowest level of such activity. We expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate based on seasonal factors that affect the industry as a whole. 
 
 Our Competition 
 
 Our industry is highly competitive and fragmented. We compete with other demand-side platform providers, some of which are smaller, privately-held companies and others are divisions of large, well-established companies such as Google and Microsoft. We believe that we compete primarily based on the performance, capabilities and transparency of our RAMP platform and our focus on the buy-side. We believe that we are differentiated from our competitors in the following areas: 
 
 we are an independent technology company focused on serving advertisers on the buy-side of our industry; 
 
 our client relationships are primarily based on auction platforms, where our success is determined by the quality and performance of our users for our advertising partners; 
 
 our platform provides comprehensive access to a wide range of inventory types and third-party data vendors; and 
 
 our platform allows clients to build proprietary advantages by integrating custom features and interfaces for their own use through our application programming interfaces, or APIs. 
 
 In addition, we believe that new entrants would find it difficult to gain direct access to inventory providers and advertising partners, given their limited scale and the costs that additional integrations impose on inventory providers. 
 
 The intense competition we face, in addition to general and economic business conditions, can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions or provide offerings, we may need to lower margins to compete successfully. Similarly, if there is pressure by competitors to raise prices, our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers may be diminished. Any such changes may reduce revenue and margins and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Collection and Use of Data; Privacy and Data Protection Legislation and Regulation 
 
 We and our clients currently use pseudonymous data about Internet and mobile app users on our platform to manage and execute digital advertising campaigns in a variety of ways, including delivering advertisements to end users based on their geographic locations, the type of device they are using, their interests as inferred from their Internet search queries, web browsing or app usage activity or their relationships with our clients. Such data is passed to us from third parties, including original equipment manufacturers, application providers and publishers. We do not use this data to discover the identity of individuals, and we currently prohibit clients, data providers and inventory suppliers from importing data that directly identifies individuals onto our ad buying platform, though we do allow clients to share some directly identifying information, such as phone number and email address, with us for purposes of transforming that information into pseudonymous identifiers to use on our platform. 
 
 Our ability, like those of other advertising technology companies, to collect, process, augment, analyze, use and share data relies upon the ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the 
 15 

effectiveness of ads. The processes used to identify devices and similar and associated technologies are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, and is dependent upon their implementation within the industry ecosystem. Such laws, regulations and industry standards may change from time to time, including those relating to the level of consumer notice, consent and/or choice required when a company employs cookies, pixels or other electronic tools to collect, process and share data about interactions with users online. 
 
 In the United States, both federal and state legislation govern activities such as the collection and use of data, and privacy in the advertising technology industry has frequently been subject to review by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), U.S. Congress, and individual state governments. Much of the federal oversight on digital advertising in the United States currently comes from the FTC, which has primarily relied upon Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, which prohibits companies from engaging in unfair or deceptive trade practices, including alleged violations of representations concerning privacy protections and acts that allegedly violate individuals privacy interests. However, there is increasing consumer concern over data privacy and the use of personally identifiable information in recent years, which has led to a myriad of new and proposed legislation both at the federal and state levels, some of which has affected and will continue to affect our operations and those of our industry partners. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA ), which went into effect January 1, 2020, defines personal information broadly enough to include online identifiers provided by individuals devices, applications and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile application identifiers and unique cookie identifiers) and individuals location data, if there is potential that individuals can be identified by such data. 
 
 The CCPA created individual data privacy rights for consumers in the State of California (including rights to deletion of and access to, as well as rights to opt-out of the collection of, personal information), special rules on the collection of consumer data from minors, new notice obligations and new limits on, and rules regarding the sale of personal information (interpreted by many observers to include common advertising practices). The CCPA also includes a potentially severe statutory damages framework for violations of the CCPA and for businesses that fail to implement reasonable security procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The CCPA also offers the possibility to a consumer to recover statutory damages for certain violations and could open the door more broadly to additional risks of individual and class-action lawsuits even though the statute s private right of action is limited in scope. There have been many class action lawsuits filed invoking the CCPA outside of the private right of action provided for by the law. It is unclear at this point whether any of these claims will be accepted by the courts. In addition, the recently-passed California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA"), which updates and supplements the CCPA, as well as similar laws recently adopted in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, will impose additional notice and opt out obligations on the digital advertising space, including an obligation to provide a prominent opt out for behavioral advertising. When the CPRA, as well as the recently adopted laws in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah go into full effect in 2023 and 2024, as well as potentially similar laws being considered in other states, they will impose additional restrictions on us and on our industry partners. It is difficult to predict with certainty the full effect of these recently passed or pending laws and their implementing regulations on the Internet and advertising industries as a whole. 
 
 As our business is global, our activities are also subject to foreign legislation and regulation. In the United Kingdom and the European Union (including the European Economic Area (the EEA and the countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway), or EU, separate laws and regulations (and member states implementations thereof) govern the processing of personal data, and these laws and regulations continue to impact us. The General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which applies to us, came into effect on May 25, 2018. Like the CCPA, the GDPR defines personal data broadly, and it enhances data protection obligations for controllers of such data and for service providers processing the data. It also provides certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates. The IAB Europe previously collaborated with the digital advertising industry to create a user-facing framework (the Transparency and Control Framework, or TCF for establishing and managing legal bases under the GDPR and other U.K. and EU privacy laws including the ePrivacy Directive (discussed below). Although the TCF is still partially in use, its viability as a compliance mechanism has come under attack by the Belgian Data Protection Authority and others, and we cannot predict its effectiveness or applicability over the long term. In February 2022, the Belgium Data Protection Authority issued an order against IAB Europe that imposes specific remedies on IAB Europe and its operation of TCF. Further, other European regulators have questioned the framework s viability and activists have filed complaints with regulators of alleged 
 16 

non-compliance by specific companies that employ the framework. Continuing to maintain compliance with the GDPR s requirements, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, and may lead to significant changes in our business operations, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business and data collection practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. 
 
 Additionally, in the EU, EU Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC), commonly referred to as the ePrivacy or Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user s computer or mobile device, such as through a cookie and other similar technologies, is allowed only if the Internet user has been informed about such access, and provided active and informed consent. A recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union clarified that such consent must be reflected by an affirmative act of the user, and European regulators are increasingly agitating for more robust forms of consent and bringing enforcement actions against large platforms, including Amazon, Facebook and Google, concerning their cookie consent mechanisms. These developments may result in decreased reliance on implied consent mechanisms that have historically been used to meet requirements of the ePrivacy Directive in some markets. A replacement for the ePrivacy Directive is currently under discussion by EU member states to complement and bring electronic communication services in line with the GDPR and force a harmonized approach across EU member states. Although it remains under debate, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation may further raise the bar for the use of cookies, and the fines and penalties for breach may be significant. We cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. 
 
 For the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States, like many U.S. and European companies, we have historically relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. The Privacy Shield Framework, however, was struck down in July 2020 by the Court of Justice of the European Union as an adequate mechanism by which EU companies may pass personal data to the US. Other EU mechanisms for adequate data transfer, such as the standard contractual clauses, were also questioned by the Court of Justice and, as a result, whether and how standard contractual clauses can be used to transfer personal data to the United States is in question. If there is no interim agreement and standard contractual clauses also cannot be relied upon, we could be left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data. If successful challenges leave us with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data, and if we nonetheless continue to transfer personal data from the EU to the United States, that could lead to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, any of which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business or cause us to need to establish various technical systems to maintain certain data in the EU, which may involve substantial expense and cause us to need to divert resources from other aspects of our operations. Other jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. 
 
 As the collection and use of data for digital advertising has received media attention over the past several years, some government regulators, such as the FTC, and privacy advocates have suggested creating a universally accepted Do Not Track standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have their online browsing activities tracked and shared across websites or devices. The CPRA and new Colorado consumer privacy law similarly contemplate the use of technical opt-outs for the sale and sharing of personal information for advertising purposes, and allow for rulemaking to develop these technical signals. If a universally accepted Do Not Track, Do Not Sell, or similar control is adopted by many Internet users, or if a Do Not Track or similar standard is imposed by additional states or by federal or foreign legislation, or is agreed upon by industry standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of our platform, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We participate in several industry self-regulatory programs, mainly initiated by the Network Advertising Initiative, or NAI, the Digital Advertising Alliance, or DAA, and their international counterparts. Our efforts to comply with the self-regulatory principles of these programs include offering end users notice and choice when 
 17 

advertising is served to them based, in part, on their interests. We believe that this user-centric approach to addressing consumer privacy empowers consumers to make informed decisions on the use of their data. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business over the Internet and, in some cases, using services of third-party telecommunications and Internet service providers. These include, but are not limited to, laws and regulations addressing data and consumer privacy; data sharing, storage, retention and security; freedom of expression; content dissemination/distribution; taxation; advertising and intellectual property. Our ability, like those of other digital advertising and subscription companies, to collect, enhance, analyze, use and share data relies upon our ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for marketing purposes, including the effectiveness of targeted ads. The processes used to identify devices and similar technologies are governed by U.S. and foreign laws and regulations and dependent upon their implementation. Such laws, regulations, and industry standards may change from time to time, including those relating to the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cookies or other electronic tools to collect data about interactions with users online. Protected.net also collects, uses, and stores an increasingly high volume, variety and velocity of personal information, in connection with the operation of its business, particularly, in relation to Protected.net s identity and information protection offerings, which rely on large data repositories of personal information and consumer transactions. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and related amendments, exhibits and other information with the SEC. You may access and read our filings without charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov or through our website at https://ir.system1.com/, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Website addresses referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not intended to function as hyperlinks, and the information contained on our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before making investment decisions related to our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business Strategy and Industry Generally 
 
 We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase the risks associated with your investment. 
 
 S1 Holdco was formed in 2013 and, as a result, has only a limited operating history upon which our business and prospects may be evaluated. Although we have experienced substantial revenue growth in our limited operating history, we may not be able to sustain this rate of growth or maintain our current revenue levels. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and challenges frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing industries, including risks related to our ability to: 
 
 build and maintain a reputation for providing a superior platform for monetizing consumer intent, and for creating trust and maintaining long-term relationships with consumers and platform customers; 
 
 drive consumers with relevant commercial intent to our owned and operated websites and to websites operated by our advertisers; 
 
 maintain and expand our relationships with suppliers of quality advertising inventory; 
 
 distinguish ourselves from competitors; 
 
 develop, offer, maintain and continually improve a competitive customer acquisition marketing platform that meets the evolving needs of our consumers and platform customers; 
 
 scale our business efficiently to keep pace with demand for services such as RAMP and other digital media and advertising technology offerings; 
 
 create new revenue opportunities through acquiring new businesses and successfully integrate and meaningfully grow those businesses; 
 
 respond to evolving industry standards and the enactment of government regulations that impact our business, particularly in the areas of data collection and consumer privacy; 
 
 prevent or mitigate failures or breaches of data security and our technology infrastructure; 
 
 expand our businesses internationally; and 
 
 hire and retain qualified and motivated employees. 
 
 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future. If we are unable to do so, our business may suffer, our revenue and operating results may decline and we may not be able to achieve further growth or sustain profitability. 
 
 Our revenue is tied to the effectiveness and performance of our Responsive Acquisition Marketing Platform. 
 19 

If RAMP does not acquire users with the relevant commercial intent to our websites via acquisition marketing channels, we may not be able to profitability monetize users. Our revenue and operating results depend on our ability to generate revenue from advertisers and advertising networks by cost-effectively acquiring consumer Internet traffic and then directing these intent-driven consumers to our advertising partners. If we are unable to cost-effectively acquire users or provide value to our advertising partners based on their traffic acquisition costs, they may decline to utilize us to acquire and monetize users, which would harm our revenue and operating results. 
 
 A meaningful portion of our revenue is attributable to our agreements with Google, and therefore is subject to their practices. 
 
 We have multiple services agreements with Google pursuant to which we display and syndicate paid listings provided by Google in response to search queries generated through some of our businesses. In exchange for making our search traffic available to Google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied to us, as well as other search related services. For the period January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022, 68 of our total revenue was attributable to our agreements with Google. 
 
 The amount of revenue we receive from Google depends on a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount Google charges third parties for the display or delivery of advertisements, the efficiency of Google s system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by Google regarding the time period for and scope of chargebacks or credits sought by advertisers on the basis of fraudulent and/or low quality clicks, clawbacks for bad traffic brought by our network partners, and placement of paid listings displayed in response to search queries that are not contextually relevant to the applicable search query. 
 
 Changes to the amount Google charges advertisers, the efficiency of Google s paid listings network, Google s judgment about the relative attractiveness to advertisers of clicks on paid listings from our websites or to the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings generally could result in a decrease in the amount of revenue we receive from Google, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such changes could be driven by a number of factors, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by Google. 
 
 Our agreements with Google also require that we comply with certain guidelines for the use of Google brands and services, which govern whether our platform may access Google services or be distributed through its Chrome Web Store, and the manner in which Google s paid listings are displayed within search results across various third party platforms and products (including our websites). Google may generally unilaterally update its policies and guidelines without advance notice, which could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit or render obsolete, certain of our services or business practices. Such changes could be costly to address or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Noncompliance with Google s guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we are permitted to syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements for the businesses could result in the suspension of some or all Google services to us (or the websites of our third party partners) or the termination of our agreements by Google. 
 
 The termination of our agreements by Google, the curtailment of our rights under the agreements (including the failure to allow our platform to access Google services, whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise), the failure of Google to perform its obligations under the agreements or policy changes implemented by Google under the agreements or otherwise would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate provider of paid listings (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms of the agreement and the quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our current arrangements). 
 
 We collect, process, store, share, disclose and use consumer information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data or respect users privacy could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 
 20 

Use of our technology solutions involves the storage and transmission of certain consumers information, including limited amounts of personally identifiable information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or exposure of this information, which could result in potential liability, litigation and remediation costs, as well as reputational harm, all of which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, unauthorized parties could steal our users names, email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers and other information that we collect when providing referrals. While we use encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties designed to effect secure transmission of such information, we cannot guarantee the security of the transfer and storage of the personal information we collect from advertisers. 
 
 Our websites and information systems are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, phishing and/or impersonation attacks, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service or other hacking attacks, ransomware and similar incidents or disruptions from unauthorized use of our computer systems, as well as unintentional incidents causing data leakage, any of which could lead to interruptions, delays or website shutdowns, or could cause loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of personal or other confidential information. The security measures we use internally, which are designed to detect unauthorized activity and prevent or minimize security breaches, may not function as expected or may not be sufficient to protect against certain attacks. Additionally, we may face delays in identifying or responding to security breaches or other security incidents. Further, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, consumers or advertisers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our information or consumers or advertisers information. 
 
 Any or all of the issues above could adversely affect our ability to attract new users and increase engagement by existing users, cause existing users to curtail or stop use of our software products and/or visit our portfolio of websites, cause existing advertisers to stop using our platform and cancel their contracts or subject us to governmental or third-party lawsuits, investigations, regulatory fines or other actions or liability. Such issues may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we are not aware of any material information security incidents to date, we have detected common types of attempts to attack our information systems and data using means that have included viruses and phishing. 
 
 There are numerous federal, state and local laws in the United States and around the world regarding privacy and the collection, processing, storing, sharing, disclosing, using, cross-border transfer and protecting of personal information and other data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and which may be costly to comply with, may result in regulatory fines or penalties, and may be inconsistent between countries and jurisdictions or conflict with other current or pending rules. 
 
 We are subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in new ways or in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices or that new regulations could be enacted. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to consumers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause consumers and advertisers to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, new and changed rules and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cross-border transfers of consumer information could cause us to delay planned uses and disclosures of data to comply with applicable privacy and data protection requirements. Moreover, if third parties that we work with violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations also may put consumer or advertiser information at risk and could in turn harm our reputation, business and operating results. 
 
 We rely on large-scale acquisition marketing channels, such as Google, Facebook and Taboola, as well as our network partners, for a significant portion of our consumer Internet traffic. 
 21 

Consumer Internet traffic acquired and/or referred through acquisition marketing channels also provides a significant amount of the first party data that improves the predictive power of RAMP, which we leverage to deliver relevant users to our advertisers. If we are unable to maintain these relationships with these acquisition marketing channels, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Efforts designed to drive visitors to our various brands and businesses or those of our advertisers may not be successful or cost-effective. 
 
 Traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online advertising and marketing. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of developing and maintaining a database of keywords and search terms, for which we purchase advertising primarily through Google and, to a lesser extent, Microsoft and Yahoo!), online display advertising and native advertising in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. To continue to reach consumers and users, we will need to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to digital advertising channels (such as online video and other digital platforms), as well as reach consumers and users via these channels. Since these channels are constantly changing and evolving, it could be difficult to assess returns on related digital marketing investments. Historically, we have had to increase advertising and marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and convert consumers, retain users and sustain our growth. 
 
 The display, including rankings, of search results can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not in our direct control, and may change frequently, and we may not know how (or otherwise be in a position) to influence actions taken by search engines. With respect to search results in particular, even when search engines announce the details of their methodologies, their parameters may change from time to time, be poorly defined or be inconsistently interpreted. 
 
 If we are unable to develop new and enhanced subscription solutions, or if we are unable to continually improve the performance, features, and reliability of our existing subscription solutions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our continued and future success depends on our ability to effectively respond with new and improved products that address evolving threats to consumers, as well as competitive technological developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced subscription solutions on a timely basis. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, significant research and development expenses as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation and development. We believe that we also must continue to dedicate time and resources to our research and development efforts to decrease our reliance on third parties, including parties from which we license some of our subscription solutions. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, we must regularly address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments, including shifting consumer preferences and managing multiple marketing channels. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current solutions do not have. Our failure to develop new solutions and improve our existing solutions to satisfy these customer preferences and effectively compete with other market offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner may harm our ability to retain our customers and attract new customers. A loss of customers for our subscription solutions would adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 
 The development and introduction of new subscription solutions involve a significant commitment of time and resources, and are subject to a number of risks and challenges, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Lengthy development cycles; 
 
 Continually evolving industry and regulatory standards and technological developments by our competitors; 
 
 22 

Rapidly changing customer preferences; 
 
 Evolving platforms, operating systems, and hardware products, such as the proliferation and rapid improvements of mobile devices; 
 
 Product and service interoperability challenges with customer s multi-device technology needs and third-party vendors; 
 
 The integration of products or solutions from newly acquired offerings; 
 
 Entering into new or unproven markets and product verticals; and 
 
 Executing against new product, service and marketing strategies. 
 
 In addition, third parties, including operating systems, mobile applications and Internet browser companies, may take steps to further limit the interoperability of our solutions across our customers' devices with their own products and services, in some cases to promote their own offerings. This could delay the development of our solutions or our solutions may be unable to operate effectively. This could also result in decreased demand for our subscription solutions and harm our reputation in a competitive marketplace, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new or improved subscription solutions are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our marketing efforts may not be successful. 
 
 We currently rely on performance marketing channels that must deliver against certain return on investment with respect to metrics that are selected by our advertisers and are subject to change at any time. We are unable to control how our advertisers evaluate our performance. Certain of these metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. In addition, the metrics we provide may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similar metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. If our advertisers do not perceive our metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, it could adversely affect our online marketing efforts and business. 
 
 We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, credit facilities which contain operating and financial covenants that restrict our business and financing activities. 
 
 We have entered into, and may in the future enter into, credit facilities which contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our credit facilities contain various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. Subject to limited exceptions, these covenants limit our ability to, among other things: 
 
 sell assets or make changes to the nature of our business; 
 
 engage in mergers or acquisitions; 
 
 incur, assume or permit additional indebtedness; 
 
 make restricted payments, including paying dividends on, repurchasing, redeeming or making distributions with respect to our capital stock; 
 
 make specified investments; 
 23 

engage in transactions with our affiliates; and 
 
 make payments in respect of subordinated debt. 
 
 Our obligations under our credit facilities are collateralized by a pledge of substantially all of our assets, including accounts receivable, deposit accounts, intellectual property, and investment property and equipment. The covenants in our credit facilities may limit our ability to take actions and, in the event that we breach one or more covenants (including the timely delivery of financial statements), our lenders may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding, terminate the commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral granted to them to collateralize such indebtedness, which includes our intellectual property. In addition, if we fail to meet the required covenants, we will not have access to further draw-downs under our credit facilities. 
 
 Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to comply with, or obtain a waiver or modification of, certain of our debt covenants from our lenders. 
 
 Our Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022 (the "Credit Agreement"), among S1 Holdco, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC, the other guarantors and each lender from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. ("BofA"), as the administrative agent, contains affirmative and negative covenants which, among other things, require us to timely deliver audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. On June 1, 2023, we had not delivered the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to BofA as required by the Credit Agreement. The failure to timely deliver the audited financial statements is an event of default under the Credit Agreement and provides BofA the ability to immediately call the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility of 430,000, as of the date of this filing, at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority of lenders until such time that the audited financial statements are delivered to BofA. We do not have sufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances should they be called, nor has the Company identified sufficient alternative sources of capital. As a result, this matter raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Upon delivery of the audited financial statements by us, the event of default will be remediated and, once remediated, BofA would no longer have the ability to call the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to deliver the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 before BofA decides to immediately call the outstanding principal balances, or that we will be able to secure a waiver or forbearance in the future to prevent such an acceleration, which would raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 We may not be able to secure additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, to meet our future capital needs, which may in turn impair our growth. 
 
 We intend to continue to grow our business, which will require additional capital to develop new features or enhance our platforms and portfolio of websites, create new software products, improve our operating infrastructure, finance working capital requirements, or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under our existing credit facility in an amount sufficient to fund our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may need to undertake or seek out additional equity or debt financings to secure additional capital. We cannot assure you that we would be able to locate additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If our cash flows and credit facility borrowings are insufficient to fund our working capital requirements, we may not be able to grow at the rate we currently expect or at all. In addition, in the absence of sufficient cash flows from operations, we might be unable to meet our obligations under our credit facility, and we may therefore be at risk of default thereunder. If we raise additional funds through future issuances 
 24 

of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to secure additional funding on favorable terms, or at all, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow our business to react to market conditions could be impaired and our business may be harmed. 
 
 Operational and performance issues with our platform, whether real or perceived, including a failure to respond to technological changes or to upgrade our technology systems, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We depend upon the sustained and uninterrupted performance of our platform to manage our inventory supply; bid on inventory for each campaign; collect, process and interpret first party data; and optimize campaign performance in real time and provide billing information to our financial systems. If RAMP cannot scale to meet demand, if there are errors in our execution of any of these functions on our platform, or if we experience outages, then our business may be harmed. We may also face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements. If competitors introduce new products and services using new technologies or if new industry standards and practices emerge, our existing proprietary technology and systems may become obsolete. 
 
 RAMP is complex and multifaceted, and operational and performance issues could arise both from the platform itself and from outside factors. Errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs have been found in the past, and may in the future, be found. Our platform also relies on third-party technology and systems to perform properly, and our platform is often used in connection with computing environments utilizing different operating systems, system management software, equipment and networking configurations, which may cause errors in, or failures of, our platform or such other computing environments. Operational and performance issues with our platform could include the failure of our user interface, outages, errors during upgrades or patches, discrepancies in costs billed versus costs paid, unanticipated volume overwhelming our databases, server failure, or catastrophic events affecting one or more server farms. While we have built redundancies in our systems, full redundancies do not exist. Some failures will shut our platform down completely, others only partially. Partial failures, which we have experienced in the past, could result in unauthorized bidding, cessation of our ability to bid or deliver impressions or deletion of our reporting, in each case resulting in unanticipated financial obligations or impact. 
 
 Operational and performance issues with our platform could also result in negative publicity, damage to our brand and reputation, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, increased costs or loss of revenue, loss of the ability to access our platform, loss of competitive position or claims by clients for losses sustained by them. Alleviating problems resulting from such issues could require significant expenditures of capital and other resources and could cause interruptions, delays or the cessation of our business, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We allow our clients to utilize application programming interfaces, or APIs, with MapQuest and for reporting or distribution of services for our other businesses, which could result in outages or security breaches and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 The use of APIs by our clients has significantly increased in recent years. Our APIs allow clients to build their consumer finding location services or access features or reporting for some of our other businesses. The increased use of APIs increases security and operational risks to our systems, including the risk for intrusion attacks, data theft, or denial of service attacks. Furthermore, while APIs allow clients greater ease and power in accessing our platform, they also increase the risk of overusing our systems, potentially causing outages. We have experienced system slowdowns due to client overuse of our systems through our APIs. While we have taken measures intended to decrease security and outage risks associated with the use of APIs, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be successful. Our failure to prevent outages or security breaches resulting from API use could result in government enforcement actions against us, claims for damages by consumers and other affected individuals, costs associated with investigation and remediation damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 25 

The market for paid traffic is extremely competitive, and we may not be able to compete successfully with our current or future competitors. 
 
 Our digital advertising business operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. With the introduction of new technologies and the influx of new entrants to the market, we expect competition to persist and intensify in the future, which could harm our ability to increase revenue and maintain profitability. New technologies and methods of buying advertising present a dynamic competitive challenge, as market participants offer multiple new products and services aimed at capturing advertising spend, such as analytics, automated media buying and exchanges. In addition to existing competitors and intermediaries, we may also face competition from new companies entering the market, which may include large established companies, all of which currently offer, or may in the future offer, products and services that result in additional competition for advertising spend or advertising inventory. 
 
 We may also face competition from companies that we do not yet know about or do not yet exist. If existing or new companies develop, market or resell competitive high-value digital marketing products or services, acquire one of our existing competitors or form a strategic alliance with one of our competitors, our ability to compete effectively could be significantly compromised and our results of operations could be harmed. 
 
 Our current and potential competitors may have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have, allowing them to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services. They may also have more extensive advertiser bases and broader publisher relationships than we have, and may be better positioned to execute on advertising conducted over certain channels such as social media, mobile, CTV and video. Some of our competitors may have longer operating histories and greater name recognition. As a result, these competitors may be better able to respond quickly to new technologies, develop deeper advertiser relationships or offer services at lower prices. Any of these developments would make it more difficult for us to sell our platform and could result in increased pricing pressure, increased sales and marketing expense or the loss of market share. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. If we fail to innovate and make the right investment decisions in our offerings and platform, we may not attract and retain advertisers, and our competitors may gain market share in the markets for our solutions that could adversely affect our business and cause our revenues and results of operations to decline. 
 
 We operate in intensely competitive markets that experience frequent technological developments, changes in industry and regulatory standards, changes in customer requirements and preferences, and frequent new product introductions and improvements by our competitors. Our future success also depends on our ability to effectively respond to evolving threats to consumers, as well as competitive technological developments and industry changes, by developing or introducing new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis. We must constantly innovate and make investment decisions regarding offerings and technology to meet client demand and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these continually evolving conditions, or if we make bad decisions regarding investments, we could lose market share and experience a decline in our revenues that could adversely affect our business and operating results. Additionally, if new or existing competitors have more attractive offerings, we may lose customers or customers may decrease their use of RAMP and other software products and services that we provide. 
 
 To compete successfully, we must maintain an innovative research and development effort to develop new solutions and enhance our existing solutions, effectively adapt to changes in the technology or product rights held by our competitors, appropriately respond to competitive strategies, and effectively adapt to technological changes and changes in the ways that our information is accessed, used, and stored by our customers. We have in the past incurred, and will continue to incur, research and development expenses as we focus on organic growth through internal innovation. We believe that we also must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to decrease our reliance on third parties. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market 
 26 

trends and competitive developments. Customers may require features and capabilities that our current solutions do not have. Our failure to develop new solutions and improve our existing solutions to satisfy customer preferences and effectively compete with other market offerings in a timely and cost-effective manner may harm our ability to retain our customers and attract new customers. A loss of customers would adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 
 The diversity of our websites means that we are competitive in many different verticals. As a result, we face a diversity of competitors that directly compete with our offerings, including but not limited to search engine providers, providers of programmatic advertising, content generators and privacy and security software providers. Because we compete in so many different verticals, if any of our competitors gain market share in some markets, it would make it more difficult for us to sell our advertising and could result in increased pricing pressure, increase sales and marketing expenses and loss of market share, which would cause our revenue to decline. 
 
 We compete for advertising spend from our advertisers, and if we are unable to maintain or increase our share of the advertising spend of our advertisers, our business could be harmed. 
 
 We compete for advertising spend with traditional offline media such as television, billboards, radio, magazines and newspapers, as well as online sources such as websites, social media and websites dedicated to providing information comparable to that provided in our websites. Additionally, we compete with other online marketing companies that offer acquisition marketing services similar to that provided by our platform. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and to generate advertising revenue from them, depends on a number of factors, including: 
 
 the ability of our advertisers to earn an attractive return on investment from their spending with us; 
 
 our ability to increase the number of consumers using our websites; 
 
 our ability to increase return on investment for advertisers that place advertisements on our platform; 
 
 our ability to provide a seamless, user-friendly advertising platform for our advertisers; 
 
 our ability to compete effectively with other media for advertising spending; and 
 
 our ability to keep pace with changes in technology and the practices and offerings of our competitors. 
 
 We may not succeed in retaining or capturing a greater share of our advertisers advertising spending compared to alternative channels. If our current advertisers reduce or end their advertising spending with us and we are unable to increase the spending of our other advertisers or attract new advertisers, our revenue and business and financial results would be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, advertising spend remains concentrated in traditional offline media channels. Some of our current or potential advertisers have little or no experience using the Internet for advertising and marketing purposes and have allocated only limited portions of their advertising and marketing budgets to the Internet. The adoption of online marketing may require a cultural shift among advertisers, as well as their acceptance of a new way of conducting business, exchanging information and evaluating new advertising and marketing technologies and services. This shift may not happen at all or at the rate we expect, in which case our business could suffer. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the market for online marketing services will continue to grow. If the market for online marketing services fails to continue to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, the success of our business may be limited, and our revenue may decrease. 
 
 We expect our results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. 
 
 Our revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period to period and may fail to match expectations as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including seasonality, 
 27 

fluctuations in digital advertising demand and costs and the number, severity, and timing of threat outbreaks and cyber security incidents. As a result of the potential variations in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results of operations may not meet our expectations or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of our outstanding securities and may make it more difficult for us to raise capital in the future or pursue acquisitions. 
 
 As our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to sustain profitability. 
 
 We have expended significant resources to grow our business in recent years by investing in the scope and breadth of RAMP, spending to acquire or develop software products and websites, growing our number of employees and expanding internationally. We anticipate continued growth would require substantial financial and other resources to, among other things: 
 
 develop our existing websites, invest in RAMP and our other software products, including by investing in our engineering team, creating, acquiring or licensing new products or features, and improving the availability and security of our platform and product offerings; 
 
 create new products and services to meet consumer and partner demands; 
 
 continue to expand internationally by and spend through RAMP by adding inventory and data from countries our clients are seeking; 
 
 improve our technology infrastructure, including investing in internal technology development and acquiring or licensing outside technologies; 
 
 cover general and administrative expenses, including legal, accounting, tax and other third party expenses necessary to support a larger organization; 
 
 cover sales and marketing expenses, including a significant expansion of our direct sales organization; 
 
 cover expenses related to data collection and consumer privacy compliance, including additional infrastructure, automation and personnel; and 
 
 explore strategic acquisitions. 
 
 Investing in the foregoing, however, may not yield anticipated returns. Consequently, as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to maintain or increase our historical profitability levels. 
 
 Our advertising business is dependent on advertisers buying mobile, display and video advertising. A decrease in the use of these advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our advertising business is dependent on advertisers buying mobile, display and video advertising. A decrease in the use of these advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Historically, our clients have predominantly used our advertising platform to purchase mobile, display and video advertising inventory. We expect that these will continue to be significant channels used by our clients for digital advertising. Should our clients lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of mobile, display and video advertising, the demand for RAMP could decline. We have been, and are continuing to, enhance our social, native, audio and CTV offerings. We refer to the ability to provide offerings across multiple advertising channels as omnichannel. We may not be able to maintain or grow advertising inventory for some of our omnichannels and some of our omnichannel offerings may not gain market acceptance. A decrease in the use of mobile, display and video advertising, or our inability to further penetrate these and other advertising channels, would harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

Our business and prospects would be harmed if changes to the technologies used across our websites or other products and services or new versions or upgrades of operating systems and Internet browsers adversely impact users. 
 
 The user interfaces implemented across our websites and advertising offerings are currently simple and straightforward. In the future, operating system providers, such as Microsoft or Apple, or any other provider of Internet browsers, could introduce new features that would make it difficult to use our websites or interact with our advertising offerings. In addition, Internet browsers for desktop or mobile devices could introduce new features, or change existing browser specifications such that they would be incompatible with our websites or other products and services, or prevent users from accessing our websites. Any changes to technologies, including within operating systems or Internet browsers that make it difficult for users to access our websites or other products and services, may materially adversely impact our business and prospects. 
 
 Our business depends on our customers continued and unimpeded access to the Internet and the development and maintenance of the global Internet infrastructure. Internet service providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to certain of our products, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of customers. 
 
 Our products and services depend on the ability of users to access the Internet. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and Internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies and government-owned service providers any of whom could take actions that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to our products, which would, in turn, negatively impact our business. In addition, third parties, including operating systems and Internet browser companies, may take steps to further limit the interoperability of our solutions with their own products and services, in some cases to promote their own offerings. This could delay the development of our solutions or our solutions may be unable to operate effectively. This could also result in decreased demand for our solutions, decreased revenue, and harm to our reputation, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Furthermore, the adoption of laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the Internet and mobile networks, including laws impacting Internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for our products or offerings, increase our operating costs, require us to alter the manner in which we conduct our business and/or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions, including as a result of political or social conflict or unrest or health and safety concerns related to a global pandemic, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that are outside of our control, such as the impact of ongoing health and safety concerns from a pandemic. For example, the recent global financial crisis caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, and, in recent months, the global economy has been impacted by increasing interest rates and inflation. Likewise, the capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by the recent conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict, and global sanctions imposed in response thereto. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including diminished liquidity, weakened demand for our software products, RAMP and related products and services or delays in advertiser payments. A weak or declining economy could also strain our media supply channels and reduce the demand for or rates paid for advertising by brands and marketers. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways in which the current global economic crisis and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 
 29 

We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, or if other material weaknesses are identified, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, prevent or detect material misstatements due to fraud or error, or file our periodic reports as a public company in a timely manner. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The material weaknesses identified were as follows: 
 
 We did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient number of professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately. Additionally, the limited personnel resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities and responsibilities in pursuit of financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, among other things, insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and accounting functions. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls in response to the risks of material misstatement. Specifically, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not been sufficient to respond to changes to the risks of material misstatement to financial reporting. 
 
 These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls to timely analyze and record the financial statement effects from acquisitions. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls over the (i) application of U.S. GAAP to such transactions, including accounting for post-combination compensation arrangements, (ii) review of the inputs and assumptions used in the measurement of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including discounted cash flow analysis to value acquired intangible assets at an appropriate level of precision, (iii) the tax impacts of acquisitions to the financial statements, and (iv) conforming of U.S. GAAP and accounting policies of acquired entities to that of the Company. In addition, we did not design and maintain effective controls relating to the oversight and ongoing recording of the financial statement results of the acquired businesses. 
 We did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including controls over (i) the preparation and review of business performance reviews, account reconciliations and journal entries, and (ii) maintaining appropriate segregation of duties. Additionally, we did not design and maintain controls over the classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, including the statement of cash flows. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of accrued liabilities, stock-based compensation and equity transactions. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accuracy and valuation of goodwill, including the allocation of goodwill to reporting units and the identification and measurement of goodwill impairment. 
 
 These material weaknesses resulted in the restatement of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements: as of March 31, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor period from January 27, 2022 to March 31, 2022; as of June 30, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor periods for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and from January 27, 2022 to June 30, 2022; and as of September 30, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor periods for the three months ended September 30, 2022 and from January 27, 2022 to September 30, 2022. These material weaknesses also resulted in immaterial misstatements to substantially all of the S1 Holdco, LLC accounts, which were recorded prior to the issuance of the 
 30 

consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for the years then ended; as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the three-month periods then ended; as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the six-month periods then ended; and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the nine-month periods then ended. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accounting for complex financial instruments, including the impact of these instruments on earnings per share. 
 
 This material weakness also resulted in a material misstatement of the Trebia warrant liabilities, change in the fair value of the Trebia warrant liabilities, forward purchase agreement liabilities, change in the fair value of the forward purchase agreement liabilities, classification of redeemable shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with Trebia s initial public offering, additional paid-in-capital, accumulated deficit, earnings per share, and related financial disclosures of Trebia Acquisition Corp. as of December 31, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, as of September 30, 2020 and for three month period ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, as of June 30, 2020 and for three month period ended June 30, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through June 30, 2020, as of March 31, 2021 and for three month period ended March 31, 2021. This material weakness also resulted in material adjustments relating to the Trebia forward purchase agreement liabilities and repurchases of common stock impacting the accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital in the opening balance sheet as of January 27, 2022 and the earnings per share computations for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 of the Company. 
 
 Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain: 
 
 i. program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately; 
 ii. user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate Company personnel; 
 iii. computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch jobs are monitored and data backups are authorized and monitored; and 
 iv. testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. 
 
 These IT deficiencies did not result in a material misstatement to the financial statements; however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could impact the effectiveness of IT-dependent controls (such as automated controls that address the risk of material misstatement to one or more assertions, along with the IT controls and underlying data that support the effectiveness of system-generated data and reports) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, we have determined these IT deficiencies in the aggregate constitute a material weakness. 
 
 Our remediation plan consists of the following: 
 
 Hiring additional senior level accounting personnel with applicable technical accounting knowledge, training and experience in accounting matters, supplemented by third-party resources; 
 Designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills and experience and designing and implementing controls over segregation of duties; 
 Engaging an accounting advisory firm to assist with the documentation, evaluation, remediation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control 
 31 

- Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission; 
 Engaging third-party experts to assist with the preparation of technical accounting analyses and valuations associated with business combinations; 
 Designing and implementing controls related to accounting for acquisitions and other technical accounting and financial reporting matters, including controls over the preparation and review of accounting memoranda addressing these matters, valuations and key assumptions utilized in the valuations, tax impacts, and ongoing recording of the financial statement results of the acquired businesses; 
 Designing and implementing formal accounting policies, procedures and controls supporting our period-end financial reporting process, including controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations and journal entries, business performance reviews, foreign exchange gains/losses for intercompany transactions, and classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures, including the statement of cash flows; 
 Designing and implementing controls over the completeness and accuracy of accrued liabilities, stock-based compensation and equity transactions; 
 Designing and implementing controls related to accounting for complex financial instruments, including the earnings per share impacts; 
 Designing and implementing controls over the accuracy and valuation of goodwill, including the allocation of goodwill to reporting units and the identification and measurement of goodwill impairment; 
 Implementing an enhanced enterprise resource planning software for automation and enforcing segregation of duties across the organization; and 
 Designing and implementing IT general controls, including controls over change management, the review and update of user access rights and privileges, controls over batch jobs and data backups, and program development approvals and testing. 
 
 The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management completes the design and implementation of the processes and controls described above and the controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. 
 
 We are working to remediate the material weaknesses as efficiently and effectively as possible. At this time, we cannot provide an estimate of costs expected to be incurred in connection with implementing this remediation plan; however, these remediation measures will be time consuming, will result in us incurring significant costs, and will place significant demands on our financial and operational resources. This remediation will extend beyond December 31, 2023. 
 
 While we believe that these efforts will improve our internal control over financial reporting, the implementation of these procedures is ongoing and will require testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. We cannot be certain that these measures will successfully remediate the material weaknesses or that other material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. If our efforts are not successful or other material weaknesses are identified in the future, we may be unable to report our financial results accurately on a timely basis or prevent and detect fraud or errors that may be material, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause the market price of our shares to decline. 
 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in us and the price of our common stock. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has adopted rules requiring certain public companies to include a report of management on the effectiveness of such company s internal control over financial reporting in its annual report. Management has identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. While the material weaknesses identified remain unremediated, or if we identify additional weaknesses or 
 32 

fail to timely and successfully implement new or improved controls, our ability to assure timely and accurate financial reporting may be adversely affected, and we could suffer a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could negatively impact the trading price of our shares of common stock, result in lawsuits being filed against us by our stockholders, or otherwise harm our reputation. If additional material weaknesses are identified in the future, it could be costly to remediate such material weaknesses, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 A significant portion of our assets consists of other intangible assets, the value of which may be reduced if we determine that those assets are impaired. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of other intangible assets represented 1,008.3 million, or 87 of our total assets. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as goodwill, are evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Finite-lived intangible assets totaling 492.7 million are amortized up to 10 years. 
 
 Due to adverse macroeconomic conditions and a broad weakening of consumer demand starting in Q3 2022, the Company recorded goodwill impairment charges of 340.1 million during the third quarter of 2022. The Company recorded an additional impairment charge of 26.2 million in connection with its annual goodwill impairment test as of December 31, 2022. If future operating performance were to fall below current projections or if there are material changes to management s assumptions, we could be required to recognize additional non-cash charges to operating earnings for other intangible asset impairment, which could be significant. 
 
 We may experience outages and disruptions on RAMP, our websites and other software products if we fail to maintain adequate security and supporting infrastructure as we scale RAMP, websites and other software products, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 As we grow our business, we expect to continue to invest in technology services and equipment, including data warehousing, network infrastructure and cloud-based services and database technologies, as well as potentially increase our reliance on open source software. Without these improvements, our operations might suffer from unanticipated system disruptions, slow transaction processing, unreliable service levels, impaired quality or delays in reporting accurate information regarding transactions in our platform, any of which could negatively affect our reputation and ability to attract and retain clients. In addition, the expansion and improvement of our systems and infrastructure may require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources, with no assurance that there will be a corresponding increase in our business. If we fail to respond to continuing technological changes or to adequately maintain, expand, upgrade and develop our systems and infrastructure in a timely fashion, our growth prospects and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The steps we take to increase the reliability, integrity and security of our platform, our software products, and our websites as they scale are expensive and complex, and our execution could result in operational failures and increased vulnerability to cyber and ransomware attacks. Such cyber and ransomware attacks could include denial-of-service attacks impacting service availability (including the ability to deliver ads) and reliability, tricking company employees into releasing control of their systems to a hacker, or the introduction of computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to steal confidential or proprietary data. Cyber-attacks of increasing sophistication may be difficult to detect and could result in the theft of our intellectual property and data from our platform or other software products. We are also vulnerable to unintentional errors or malicious actions by persons with authorized access to our systems that exceed the scope of their access rights, distribute data erroneously, or, unintentionally or intentionally, interfere with the intended operations of our platform, websites and other software products. Moreover, we could be adversely impacted by outages and disruptions in the online platforms of our inventory and data suppliers, such as real-time advertising exchanges, which may harm our reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to build and maintain our brands, our ability to expand the use of our websites and software products by advertisers and consumers, respectively, may be adversely affected. 
 33 

Our future success depends upon our ability to create and maintain brand recognition and a reputation for delivering easy, efficient and personal technology solutions. A failure by us to build our brands and maintain consumer expectations of our brands could harm our reputation and damage our ability to attract and retain consumers, which could adversely affect our business. If consumers do not perceive our portfolio websites or our software products offer a better user experience or offer good value for the services, or if advertisers do not perceive RAMP as a more effective platform, our reputation and the strength of our brand may be adversely affected. 
 
 Some of our competitors have more resources than we do and can spend more advertising their brands and technology solutions. As a result, we are required to spend considerable capital and other resources to create brand awareness and build our reputation. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brand cost-effectively, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Complaints or negative publicity about our business practices, our product/service offerings, our marketing and advertising campaigns, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the integrity of the data that we provide to consumers, data privacy and security issues, and other aspects of our business, whether valid or not, could diminish confidence and visits to our websites, as well as decrease adoption of our software products, and could adversely affect our reputation and business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or enhance our brand, and failure to do so would harm our business growth prospects and operating results. 
 
 International expansion subjects us to additional costs and risks that can adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 International expansion subjects us to many challenges associated with supporting a rapidly growing business across a multitude of cultures, customs, monetary, legal and regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. We have a limited operating history outside of the United States, and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable attention and resources. 
 
 We currently have account management, inventory, and other personnel in countries within North America, Europe and Asia, and we anticipate expanding our international operations in the future. Some of the countries into which we are, or potentially may, expand score unfavorably on the Corruption Perceptions Index, or CPI, of Transparency International. Our teams outside the U.S. are substantially smaller than our teams in the U.S. To the extent we are unable to effectively engage with non-U.S. advertising agencies or companies or international divisions of U.S. agencies or companies due to our limited sales force capacity, or we are unable to secure quality non-U.S. ad inventory and data on reasonable terms due to our limited inventory and data team capacity, we may be unable to effectively grow in international markets. 
 
 Our international operations subject us to a variety of additional risks, including: 
 
 increased management, travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with having multiple international operations; 
 
 long payment cycles; 
 
 potential complications enforcing contracts and collections; 
 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 
 concerns regarding negative, unstable or changing economic conditions in the countries and regions where we operate; 
 
 increased administrative costs and risks associated with compliance with local laws and regulations, including relating to privacy and data security; 
 
 34 

regulatory and legal compliance, including with privacy and cybersecurity laws, anti-bribery laws, import and export control laws, economic sanctions and other regulatory limitations or obligations on our operations; 
 
 heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements; 
 
 difficulties in invoicing and collecting in foreign currencies; 
 
 foreign currency exposure risk; 
 
 difficulties in repatriating or transferring funds from or converting currencies; 
 
 administrative difficulties, costs and expenses related to various local languages, cultures and political nuances; 
 
 varied labor and employment laws, including those relating to termination of employees; 
 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing rights abroad; and 
 
 compliance with the laws of numerous foreign taxing jurisdictions, including withholding obligations, and overlapping of different tax regimes. 
 
 We may incur significant operating expenses as a result of our international expansion, and it may not be successful. Our international business also subjects us to the impact of global and regional recessions and economic and political instability, differing regulatory requirements, costs and difficulties in managing a distributed workforce, potentially adverse tax consequences in the U.S. and abroad and restrictions on the repatriation of funds to the U.S. In addition, advertising markets outside of the U.S. are not as developed as those within the U.S., and we may be unable to grow our business sufficiently. Our failure to manage these risks and challenges successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Future acquisitions, strategic investments or alliances could disrupt our business and harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We may in the future explore potential acquisitions of companies or technologies, strategic investments, or alliances to strengthen our business. Even if we identify an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be successful in negotiating the terms or obtaining the financing for the acquisition, and our due diligence may fail to identify all of the problems, risks, liabilities or other shortcomings or challenges of an acquired business, product or technology, including issues related to intellectual property, product quality or technology infrastructure and architecture, regulatory compliance practices, revenue recognition or other accounting practices or employee or client issues, and other issues including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 regulatory requirements or delays; 
 
 anticipated benefits and synergies may not materialize; 
 
 diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges; 
 
 retention of key employees from the acquired company; 
 
 cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; 
 
 integration of the acquired company s products and technology; 
 
 35 

integration of the acquired company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems; 
 
 the need to implement or improve controls, procedures and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition may have lacked effective controls, procedures and policies; 
 
 coordination of product development and sales and marketing functions; 
 
 liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including relating to privacy and data security, patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; and 
 
 litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties. 
 
 Failure to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such acquisitions and strategic investments could result in reducing or completely eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions and harm our business, generally. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our key employees, and our ability to attract, hire, retain and motivate highly skilled employees in the future. 
 
 Technology companies like ours compete to attract the best talent, and our future success depends on the continuing efforts of our executive officers and key employees, including Mr. Blend, our Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer. We rely on the leadership, knowledge and experience that our executive officers and key employees provide. We also rely on employees in our product development, support and sales teams to attract and keep key clients. 
 
 The market for talent in our key areas of operations, including California, Washington, Ontario, Canada and Great Britain, United Kingdom where we have offices, is competitive. As a result, we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards. 
 
 Employee turnover, including any potential future changes in our management team, could disrupt our business. For instance, in 2021, we replaced both Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer. Our employees are at-will employees and may terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers, especially Mr. Blend, our CEO and Co-Founder, or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our management team has limited experience managing a public company. 
 
 Most members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying with the increasingly complex laws, rules and regulations that govern public companies. As a public company following completion of the Merger, we are subject to significant obligations relating to reporting, procedures and internal controls, and our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage such obligations. These obligations and scrutiny will require significant attention from our management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. 
 
 36 

The intense competition we face, in addition to general and economic business conditions, can put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain solutions or provide offerings, we may need to lower prices in order to compete successfully. Similarly, if there is pressure by competitors to raise prices, our ability to acquire new customers and retain existing customers may be diminished. Any such changes may reduce revenue and margins and could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 From time to time we are a party to lawsuits and investigations, which typically require significant management time and attention and result in significant legal expenses. 
 
 We may be involved from time to time in various additional legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, actions relating to breach of contract, breach of federal and state privacy laws, and intellectual property infringement that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or subject to payment of damages, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management s time away from our operations. If any legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from actual or potential litigation may also materially and adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results. 
 
 We depend on search engines, display advertising, social media, email, content-based online advertising and other online sources to attract consumers to our websites and convert them into sales for our advertisers. If we are unable to drive traffic cost-effectively, our business and financial results may be harmed. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract online consumers to our portfolio websites and to convert those consumers into sales for our advertisers. We depend, in part, on third-party search engines, display advertising, social media, content-based online advertising and other online sources for our website traffic. We are included in third party search results as a result of both paid search listings, where we purchase placements based on specific search terms, and separately, organic searches listings which depend upon third party search algorithms to index and return the content on our sites within such organic search listing results. 
 
 Search engines, social media platforms and other online sources often revise their algorithms and introduce new advertising products. If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for website traffic were to modify its general methodology for how it displays our advertisements, resulting in fewer consumers clicking through to our websites, our business could suffer. In addition, if our online display advertisements are no longer effective or are not able to reach certain consumers due to consumers use of ad-blocking software, our business could suffer. 
 
 If one or more of the search engines or other online sources on which we rely for purchased listings modifies or terminates its relationship with us, our expenses could rise, we could lose consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces, and a decrease in consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces, for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Consumer traffic to our websites and marketplaces and the volume of sales generated by consumer traffic varies and can decline from time to time. Additionally, even if we are successful in generating traffic to our websites, we may not be able to convert these visits into consumer sales. 
 
 We depend on third-party website publishers for a significant portion of our visitors, and any decline in the supply of media available through these websites or increase in the price of this media could cause our revenue to decline or our cost to reach visitors to increase. 
 
 A portion of our revenue is attributable to visitors originating from advertising placements that we purchase on third party websites. In some instances, website publishers may change the advertising inventory they make available to us at any time and, therefore, impact our revenue. In addition, website publishers may place restrictions on our offerings, which may prohibit advertisements from specific clients or specific industries, or restrict the use of certain creative content. If a website publisher decides not to make advertising inventory available to us, or decides to demand a higher revenue share or places significant restrictions on the use of such inventory, we may not be able 
 37 

to find advertising inventory from other websites that satisfy our requirements in a timely and cost-effective manner. In addition, the number of competing online marketing service providers and advertisers that acquire inventory from websites continues to increase. Consolidation of website publishers could eventually lead to a concentration of desirable inventory on a small number of websites or networks, which could limit the supply of inventory available to us or increase the price of inventory to us. If any of the foregoing occurs, our revenue could decline or our operating costs may increase. 
 
 Our failure to meet content and inventory standards and provide services that our advertisers and inventory suppliers trust could harm our brand and reputation and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We do not provide or control the content of the advertisements that are displayed by content providers we work with, including those provided by Google or Microsoft. Advertisers and inventory suppliers are concerned about being associated with content they consider inappropriate, competitive or inconsistent with their brands, or illegal and they are hesitant to spend money without guaranteed brand security. Consequently, our reputation depends in part on providing services that advertisers and inventory suppliers trust, and we have contractual obligations to meet content and inventory standards. Despite such efforts, our clients may inadvertently purchase inventory that proves to be unacceptable for their campaigns, in which case, we may not be able to recoup the amounts paid to inventory suppliers. Preventing and combating fraud is an industry-wide issue that requires constant vigilance, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in doing so. Our clients could intentionally run campaigns that do not meet the standards of our inventory suppliers or attempt to use illegal or unethical targeting practices or seek to display advertising in jurisdictions that do not permit such advertising or in which the regulatory environment is uncertain, in which case our supply of ad inventory from such suppliers could be jeopardized. some of our competitors undertake human review of content, but because our platform is self-service, and because such means are cost-intensive, we do not utilize all means available to decrease this risk. We may provide access to inventory that is objectionable to our advertisers, serve advertising that contains malware, objectionable content or is based on questionable targeting criteria to our inventory suppliers, or be unable to detect and prevent non-human traffic, any one of which could harm our or our clients brand and reputation, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 If the non-proprietary technology, software, products and services that we use are unavailable, have future terms we cannot agree to, or do not perform as we expect, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 We depend on various technology, software, products and services from third parties or available as open source, including for critical features and functionality of our platform, data centers and API technology, payment processing, payroll and other professional services. Identifying, negotiating, complying with and integrating with third-party terms and technology are complex, costly and time-consuming matters. Failure by third-party providers to maintain, support or secure their technology either generally or for our accounts specifically, or downtime, errors or defects in their products or services, could adversely impact our platform, our administrative obligations or other areas of our business. Having to replace any third-party providers or their technology, products or services could result in outages or difficulties in our ability to provide our services. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with our third-party providers or otherwise need to replace them, internal resources may need to be diverted and our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 
 Legal and Compliance Risks 
 
 Our business could be affected by the enactment of new governmental regulations regarding the Internet. 
 
 To date, government regulations have not materially restricted the use of the Internet in most parts of the world. The legal and regulatory environment pertaining to the Internet, however, is uncertain and may change. 
 
 38 

New laws may be passed, courts may issue decisions affecting the Internet, existing but previously inapplicable or unenforced laws may be deemed to apply to the Internet or regulatory agencies may begin to rigorously enforce such formerly unenforced laws, or existing legal safe harbors may be narrowed, both by U.S. federal or state governments and by governments of foreign jurisdictions. These changes could affect: 
 
 the liability of online service providers for actions by customers, including fraud, illegal content, spam, phishing, libel and defamation, hate speech, infringement of third-party intellectual property and other abusive conduct; 
 
 other claims based on the nature and content of Internet materials; 
 
 user data privacy and security issues; 
 
 consumer protection risks; 
 
 digital marketing aspects; 
 
 characteristics and quality of services; 
 
 our ability to automatically renew the premium subscriptions of our users; 
 
 cross-border e-commerce issues; and 
 
 ease of access by our users to our product offerings, including RAMP. 
 
 The adoption of any new laws or regulations, or the application or interpretation of existing laws or regulations to the Internet, could hinder growth in the use of the Internet and online services generally, and decrease acceptance of the Internet and online services as a means of communications, e-commerce and advertising. In addition, such changes in laws could increase our costs of doing business, subject our business to increased liability for non-compliance or prevent us from delivering our services over the Internet or in specific jurisdictions, thereby materially harming our business and results of operations. 
 
 We assess customer needs, and sometimes collect customer contact information to provide other product offerings, which results in us receiving personally identifiable information. 
 
 This information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation in the United States. This legislation and regulation is generally intended to protect individual privacy and the privacy and security of personal information. We could be adversely affected if government regulations require us to significantly change our business practices with respect to this type of information or if the advertisers RAMP violate applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 Changes in applicable laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If there were to be changes to statutory or regulatory requirements, we may be unable to comply fully with or maintain all required licenses and approvals. Regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have all requisite licenses and approvals, or do not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, the regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 39 

We cannot predict whether any proposed legislation or regulatory changes will be adopted, or what impact, if any, such proposals or, if enacted, such laws could have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are alleged to have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to customers. The cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a finding that we have failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition by exposing us to negative publicity and reputational damage or by harming our customer or employee relationships. 
 
 In most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. Regulatory statutes are broad in scope and subject to differing interpretation. In some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry s interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. 
 
 Litigation could distract management, increase our expenses or subject us to material monetary damages and other remedies. 
 
 We may be involved from time to time in various additional legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, actions relating to breach of contract, breach of federal and state privacy laws, and intellectual property infringement that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or subject to payment of damages, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management s time away from our operations. If any legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from actual or potential litigation may also materially and adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results. 
 
 Companies in the Internet, technology and media industries are frequently subject to allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We plan to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights and our freedom to operate our business; however, regardless of the merits of the claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and extremely expensive to litigate or settle and are likely to continue to divert managerial attention and resources from our business objectives. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from operating our business or portions of our business. Resolution of claims may require us to obtain licenses to use intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, which may be expensive to procure, or we may be required to cease using intellectual property of third parties altogether. Many of our contracts require us to provide indemnification against third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our defense costs and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 We are subject to anti-bribery, anti-corruption and similar laws and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and harm our business and reputation. 
 
 We are subject to anti-bribery and similar laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the USA PATRIOT Act, U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, and possibly other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws have been enforced with great rigor in recent years and are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees and their agents from making or offering improper payments or other benefits to government officials 
 40 

and others in the private sector. As we increase our international sales and business, particularly in countries with a low score on the CPI by Transparency International, and increase our use of third parties, particularly internationally based network partners, our risks under these laws will increase. We adopt appropriate policies and procedures and conduct training, but cannot guarantee that improprieties will not occur. Noncompliance with these laws could subject us to investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, other enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, significant fines, damages, other civil and criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension and/or debarment from contracting with specified persons, the loss of export privileges, reputational harm, adverse media coverage, and other collateral consequences. Any investigations, actions and/or sanctions could have a material negative impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Privacy and data protection laws to which we are subject may cause us to incur additional or unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or cause us to change RAMP or business model, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Information relating to individuals and their devices (sometimes called personal information or personal data is regulated under a wide variety of local, state, national, and international laws and regulations that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer (including transfer across national boundaries) and other processing of such data. In addition, there is increasing attention by state and other jurisdictions to regulation in this area. These laws are complex and can be costly to comply with, require significant management time and effort, and could subject us to claims, government enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability or other remedies, including suspension of business operations. These laws may conflict with each other, further complicating compliance efforts. We are currently subject to a variety of, and may in the future become subject to additional, international, federal, state and local laws that are continuously evolving and developing, including laws regarding Internet-based businesses and other businesses that rely on advertising, as well as privacy and consumer protection laws, including the CAN-SPAM Act, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and the Communications Decency Act. If we are alleged not to comply with these laws or regulations, we may be required to modify affected products and services, which could require a substantial investment and loss of revenue, or cease providing the affected product or service altogether. If we are found to have violated laws or regulations, we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other losses. 
 
 We typically collect and store IP addresses, other device identifiers (such as unique mobile application identifiers) and email addresses, which are or may be considered personal data or personal information in some jurisdictions or otherwise may be the subject of regulation. 
 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA defines personal information broadly enough to include online identifiers provided by individuals devices, applications, and protocols (such as IP addresses, mobile application identifiers and unique cookie identifiers) and individuals location data, if there is potential that individuals can be identified by such data and provides for civil penalties of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CRPA, which became operative January 1, 2023, expands the CCPA s requirements, including applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. 
 
 Laws governing the processing of personal data in Europe (including the U.K., European Union and European Economic Area, or EEA, and the countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) also continue to impact us and continue to evolve. The General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which applies to us, came into effect on May 25, 2018. Like the laws passed in California and other states, the GDPR defines personal data broadly, and it enhances data protection obligations for controllers of such data and for service providers processing the data. It also provides certain rights, such as access and deletion, to the individuals about whom the personal data relates. The digital advertising industry has collaborated to create a user-facing framework for establishing and managing 
 41 

legal bases under the GDPR and other EU privacy laws including ePrivacy (discussed below). Although the framework is actively in use, we cannot predict its effectiveness over the long-term. European regulators have questioned its viability and activists have filed complaints with regulators of alleged non-compliance by specific companies that employ the framework. Non-compliance with the GDPR can trigger steep fines of up to the greater of 20 million or 4 of total worldwide annual revenue. Relatedly, following the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the EEA and the European Union, and the expiry of the transition period, we must comply with both the GDPR and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018, the latter regime having the ability to separately fine up to the greater of 17.5 million or 4 of global turnover. Continuing to maintain compliance with the requirements of the GDPR and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018, including monitoring and adjusting to rulings and interpretations that affect our approach to compliance, requires significant time, resources and expense, as will the effort to monitor whether additional changes to our business practices and our backend configuration are needed, all of which may increase operating costs, or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. 
 
 In addition to laws regulating the processing of personal information, we are also subject to regulation with respect to political advertising activities, which are governed by various federal and state laws in the U.S., and national and provincial laws worldwide. Online political advertising laws are rapidly evolving, and in certain jurisdictions have varying transparency and disclosure requirements. We have already seen publishers impose varying prohibitions and restrictions on the types of political advertising and breadth of targeted advertising allowed on their platforms with respect to advertisements for the 2020 U.S. presidential election in response to political advertising scandals like Cambridge Analytica. The lack of uniformity and increasing requirements on transparency and disclosure could adversely impact the inventory made available for political advertising and the demand for such inventory on RAMP, and otherwise increase our operating and compliance costs. Concerns about political advertising, whether or not valid and whether or not driven by applicable laws and regulations, industry standards, client or inventory provider expectations, or public perception, may harm our reputation, result in loss of goodwill, and inhibit use of RAMP by current and future clients. 
 
 Changes in data residency and cross-border transfer restrictions also impact our operations. For the transfer of personal data from the EU to the United States, like many U.S. and European companies, we have relied upon, and were certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. The Privacy Shield Framework, however, was struck down in July 2020 by the EU Court of Justice (a decision referred to as Schrems II as an adequate mechanism by which EU companies may pass personal data to the United States, and other EU mechanisms for adequate data transfer, such as the standard contractual clauses, were questioned by the Court of Justice and whether and how standard contractual clauses can be used to transfer personal data to the United States is in question. In June 2021, the European Commission published revised standard contractual clauses, and shortly thereafter the European Data Protection Board promulgated guidance on implementation of the new clauses. In October 2022, the White House released an executive order implementing a new EU-U.S. data transfer mechanism, the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework DPF ). The DPF aims to address the concerns raised by the court in Schrems II relating to perceived risks of transferring personal data to the United States by putting in place a new set of commercial principles similar to the old Privacy Shield Framework together with new rules governing U.S. intelligence authorities and redress for EU individuals. The European Commission launched an assessment of the DPF s adequacy, which is expected to be completed in 2023. If granted, an adequacy determination would reduce the legal uncertainty of cross-border transfers of personal data. However, until an adequacy determination is granted, the validity of the standard contractual clauses as a transfer mechanism remains uncertain. If all or some jurisdictions within the EU or the United Kingdom determine that the new standard contractual clauses also cannot be used to transfer personal data to the United States and if the DPF is not ultimately adopted, we could be left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data. If left with no reasonable option for the lawful cross-border transfer of personal data, and if we nonetheless continue to transfer personal data from the EU to the United States, that could lead to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business or cause us to need to establish systems to maintain certain data in the EU, which may involve substantial expense and cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may adversely affect our business. Other jurisdictions have adopted or are considering cross-border or data residency restrictions, which could reduce the amount of data we can collect or process and, as a result, significantly impact our business. 
 42 

Regulatory investigations and enforcement actions could also impact us. In the U.S., the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, uses its enforcement powers under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (which prohibits unfair and deceptive trade practices) to investigate companies engaging in online tracking. Other companies in the advertising technology space have been subject to government investigation by regulatory bodies; advocacy organizations have also filed complaints with data protection authorities against advertising technology companies, arguing that certain of these companies practices do not comply with the GDPR. We cannot avoid the possibility that one of these investigations or enforcement actions will require us to alter our practices. Further, our legal risk depends in part on our clients or other third parties adherence to privacy laws and regulations and their use of our services in ways consistent with end user expectations. We rely on representations made to us by clients that they will comply with all applicable laws, including all relevant privacy and data protection regulations. Although we make reasonable efforts to enforce such representations and contractual requirements, we do not fully audit our clients compliance with our recommended disclosures or their adherence to privacy laws and regulations. If our clients fail to adhere to our expectations or contracts in this regard, we and our clients could be subject to adverse publicity, damages, and related possible investigation or other regulatory activity. 
 
 Adapting our business to privacy laws enacted at the state level and their implementing regulations and to the enhanced and evolving privacy obligations in the EU and elsewhere could continue to involve substantial expense and may cause us to divert resources from other aspects of our operations, all of which may adversely affect our business. Additionally, as the advertising industry evolves, and new ways of collecting, combining and using data are created, governments may enact legislation in response to technological advancements and changes that could result in our having to re-design features or functions of our platform, therefore incurring unexpected compliance cost. Further, adaptation of the digital advertising marketplace requires increasingly significant collaboration between participants in the market, such as publishers and advertisers. Failure of the industry to adapt to changes required for operating under existing and future data privacy laws and user response to such changes could negatively impact inventory, data, and demand. We cannot control or predict the pace or effectiveness of such adaptation, and we cannot currently predict the impact such changes may have on our business. 
 
 Additionally, as the advertising industry evolves, and new ways of collecting, combining and using data are created, governments may enact legislation in response to technological advancements and changes that could result in our having to re-design features or functions of RAMP, therefore incurring unexpected compliance costs. 
 
 These laws and other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of RAMP. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner or at all, and our ability to develop new products and features could be limited. All of this could impair our or our clients ability to collect, use, or disclose information relating to consumers, which could decrease demand for RAMP, increase our costs, and impair our ability to maintain and grow our client base and increase our revenue. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to access, collect and use first-party data about our users and subscribers. If that access is restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by technical changes on end users devices and web browsers, or our and our clients ability to use data on RAMP is otherwise restricted, our performance may decline and we may lose advertisers and revenue. 
 
 Digital advertising mostly relies on the ability to uniquely identify devices across websites and applications, and to collect data about user interactions with those devices for purposes such as serving relevant ads and measuring the effectiveness of ads. Devices are identified through unique identifiers stored in cookies, provided by device operating systems for advertising purposes, or generated based on statistical algorithms applied to information about a device, such as the IP address and device type. We use device identifiers to record such information as when an Internet user views an ad, clicks on an ad, or visits one of our advertiser s websites or applications. We use device identifiers to help us achieve our advertisers campaign goals, including to limit the 
 43 

instances that an Internet user sees the same advertisement, report information to our advertisers regarding the performance of their advertising campaigns, and detect and prevent malicious behavior and invalid traffic throughout our network of inventory. We also use data associated with device identifiers to help our clients decide whether to bid on, and how to price, an opportunity to place an advertisement in a specific location, at a given time, in front of a particular Internet user. Additionally, our clients rely on device identifiers to add information they have collected or acquired about users into RAMP. Without such data, our clients may not have sufficient insight into an Internet user s activity, which may compromise their and our ability to determine which inventory to purchase for a specific campaign and may undermine the effectiveness of RAMP or our ability to improve RAMP and remain competitive. 
 
 Today, digital advertising, including RAMP, makes significant use of cookies to store device identifiers for the advertising activities described above. 
 
 When we utilize or deploy cookies and similar tracking or recording means, they are usually first-party cookies, which are cookies deployed by the Company on its own and operated websites or other domains which we operate through RAMP. We rely on the first party data provided to us by consumers and advertisers to improve our product and service offerings and to feed the RAMP data loop in particular, and if we are unable to maintain or grow such data we may be unable to provide consumers with an experience that is relevant, efficient and effective, which could adversely affect our business. Our business relies on the first party data provided to us by consumers and advertisers through using websites and RAMP. The large amount of information we use in operating our websites and RAMP is critical to the web platform experience we provide for consumers. If we are unable to maintain or grow the data provided to us, the value that we provide to consumers and advertisers using our websites and RAMP may be limited. In addition, the quality, accuracy and timeliness of this information may suffer, which may lead to a negative experience for consumers using our websites and our advertisers using our platform and could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 We also rely on our network partners to access, collect and use first-party data about our users and subscribers. To the extent that our network partners, the applications we make available through the leading app marketplaces and the social media platforms upon which we rely for users and certain related first party data limit or increasingly limit, eliminate or otherwise impair our ability to access, collect, process and/or use data about or derived from our users or subscribers, including certain user-profile elements such as IP address, device or browser type, operating system or search query information, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Advertising shown on mobile applications can also be affected by blocking or restricting use of mobile device identifiers. Data regarding interactions between users and devices are tracked mostly through stable, pseudonymous advertising identifiers that are built into the device operating system with privacy controls that allow users to express a preference with respect to data collection for advertising, including to disable the identifier. These identifiers and privacy controls are defined by the developers of the platforms through which the applications are accessed and could be changed by the platforms in a way that may negatively impact our business. For example, Apple announced earlier this year that it will require user opt-in before permitting access to Apple s unique identifier, or IDFA. Apple initially targeted this fall for implementing these changes but has pushed that date out until at least early next year. This shift from enabling user opt-out to an opt-in requirement is likely to have a substantial impact on the mobile advertising ecosystem and could harm our growth in this channel. 
 
 In addition, in the EU, Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended by Directive 2009/136/EC), commonly referred to as the ePrivacy or Cookie Directive, directs EU member states to ensure that accessing information on an Internet user s computer, such as through a cookie and other similar technologies, is allowed only if the Internet user has been informed about such access and given his or her consent. A recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union clarified that such consent must be reflected by an affirmative act of the user, and European regulators are increasingly agitating for more robust forms of consent. These developments may result in decreased reliance on implied consent mechanisms that have been used to meet requirements of the Cookie Directive in some markets. A replacement for the Cookie Directive is currently under discussion by EU member states to complement and bring electronic communication services in line with the GDPR and force a harmonized approach across EU 
 44 

member states. Like the GDPR, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation has extra-territorial application as it applies to businesses established outside the EU who provide publicly available electronic communications services to, or gather data from the devices of, users in the EU. Though still subject to debate, the proposed ePrivacy Regulation may further raise the bar for the use of cookies and the fines and penalties for breach may be significant. We may be required to, or otherwise may determine that it is advisable to, make significant changes in our business operations and product and services to obtain user opt-in for cookies and use of cookie data, or develop or obtain additional tools and technologies to compensate for a lack of cookie data. 
 
 As the collection and use of data for digital advertising has received media attention over the past several years, some government regulators, such as the FTC, and privacy advocates have suggested creating a Do Not Track standard that would allow Internet users to express a preference, independent of cookie settings in their browser, not to have their online browsing activities tracked. Do Not Track has seen renewed emphasis from proponents of the CCPA, and the final proposed regulations (currently pending review and acceptance by the Office of Administrative Law) contemplate browser-based or similar do not sell signals. California s new ballot initiative, the CPRA, similarly contemplates the use of technical opt outs for the sale and sharing of personal information for advertising purposes as well as to opt out of the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes, and allows for AG rulemaking to develop these technical signals. If a Do Not Track, Do Not Sell, or similar control is adopted by many Internet users or if a Do Not Track standard is imposed by state, federal, or foreign legislation (such as the proposed ePrivacy Regulation or CCPA regulations), or is agreed upon by standard setting groups, we may have to change our business practices, our clients may reduce their use of RAMP, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Increased transparency into the collection and use of data for digital advertising introduced both through features in browsers and devices and regulatory requirements, such as the GDPR, the CCPA, Do Not Track , and ePrivacy, as well as compliance with such requirements, may create operational burdens to implement and may lead more users to choose to block the collection and use of data about them. Adapting to these and similar changes has in the past and may in the future require significant time, resources and expense, which may increase our cost of operation or limit our ability to operate or expand our business. 
 
 Concerns regarding data privacy and security relating to our industry s technology and practices, and perceived failure to comply with laws and industry self-regulation, could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services. 
 
 Public perception regarding data protection and privacy are significant in the programmatic advertising buying industry. Concerns about industry practices with regard to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information, whether or not valid and whether driven by applicable laws and regulations, industry standards, client or inventory provider expectations, or the broader public, may harm our reputation, result in loss of goodwill, and inhibit use of RAMP by current and future clients. For example, perception that our practices involve an invasion of privacy, whether or not such practices are consistent with current or future laws, regulations, or industry practices, may subject us to public criticism, private class actions, reputational harm, or claims by regulators, which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability. 
 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 
 Our use of open source software could adversely affect our ability to protect our proprietary software and subject us to possible litigation. 
 
 We use open source software in connection with our software development. From time to time, companies that use open source software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. We could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require users who distribute software containing open source to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code of the user. While we monitor our use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code 
 45 

or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could help our competitors develop services that are similar to or better than ours. 
 
 Our proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce, which could enable others to copy or use aspects of our technology without compensating us, thereby eroding our competitive advantages and harming our business. 
 
 We rely upon a combination of trade secrets, third-party confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, additional contractual restrictions on disclosure and use, and trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property laws to establish and protect our proprietary rights. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection. We currently have MapQuest , info.com , HowStuffWorks , Infospace , and variants and other marks registered as trademarks or pending registrations in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. We also rely on copyright laws to protect computer programs related to RAMP and our proprietary technologies, although to date we have not registered for statutory copyright protection. We have registered numerous Internet domain names in the U.S. and certain foreign countries related to our business. We endeavor to enter into agreements with our employees, independent contractors and advisors in order to limit access to and disclosure of our proprietary information, as well as to clarify rights to intellectual property associated with our business. Protecting our intellectual property is a challenge, especially after our employees or our contractors end their relationship with us, and, in some cases, decide to work for our competitors. Our contracts with our employees and contractors that relate to intellectual property issues generally restrict the use of our confidential information solely in connection with our services, and strictly prohibit reverse engineering. However, reverse engineering our software or the theft or misuse of our proprietary information could occur by employees or other third parties who have access to our technology. Enforceability of the non-compete agreements that we have in place is not guaranteed, and contractual restrictions could be breached without discovery or adequate remedies. While the Company has a few legacy patents, we may not be able to obtain any further patents, and our pending applications may not result in the issuance of patents. Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. 
 
 Policing unauthorized use of our technology is difficult. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those of the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of our proprietary rights in such countries may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including in particular, the proprietary aspects of RAMP) we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who have not incurred the same level of expense, time and effort to create and protect their intellectual property. 
 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 
 In order to protect our technologies and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, independent contractors and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information, including trade secrets, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we may not be able to assert our trade secret rights against such parties. To the extent that our employees, contractors or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights to related or resulting know-how and inventions. The loss of confidential information or intellectual property rights, including trade secret protection, could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, intellectual property laws may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain protection of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could harm our business, results of operations, reputation and competitive position. 
 
 46 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our business depends on our intellectual property, the protection of which is crucial to the success of our business. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of RAMP, our websites, and our other software products or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. 
 
 We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use or infringement or violation of our intellectual property or proprietary rights. Third parties also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or our reputation. The protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Such litigation could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, result in a diversion of resources, the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. These steps may be inadequate to protect our intellectual property. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to use information that we regard as proprietary to create product offerings that compete with ours. We also cannot be certain that others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Competitors may adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to user confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of the terms MapQuest , info.com , HowStuffWorks , Infospace or any of the other trademarks that we own. 
 
 We currently operate primarily in the United States. To the extent that we determine to expand our business internationally, we will encounter additional risks, including different, uncertain or more stringent laws relating to intellectual property rights and protection. 
 
 We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their trademarks or other intellectual property rights, which would result in additional expense and potential damages. 
 
 There is significant patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third-party intellectual property rights may cover various aspects of technologies, trademarks, trade names or business methods that we deploy across our platform or businesses, which could prevent us from expanding our offerings or growing our business. 
 
 Our current or future trademarks or trade names may be challenged, opposed, infringed, circumvented or declared generic or descriptive, determined not to be entitled to registration, or determined to infringe trademark rights owned by third-parties. We have received correspondence from counsel for a United Kingdom-based advertising testing company and its United States subsidiary (collectively, the Demanding Group alleging trademark infringement based on our use of the SYSTEM1 trade name and mark in the United States, and alleged use of the SYSTEM1 trade name and mark in the United Kingdom. The correspondence demanded that we cease and desist from using the SYSTEM1 name and mark, and made reference to potential legal action if we do not comply with that demand. While we were engaged in active discussions and correspondence with the Demanding Group to resolve the matter, the Demanding Group filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on September 27, 2021 (the Infringement Suit alleging (i) trademark infringement, (ii) false designation of origin, (iii) unfair competition and (iv) certain violations of New York business laws, seeking, among other things, an injunction, disgorgement of profits, actual damages and attorneys fees and costs. In November 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss the Infringement Suit, which was granted in part (without prejudice) and denied in part. As a result of the court s ruling on the motion to dismiss, the Demanding 
 47 

Group filed an Amended Complaint in October 2022, which matter remains pending. We intend to vigorously defend our rights in the Infringement Suit. No lawsuit has been filed in the United Kingdom, and we do not believe that our activities infringe any rights of the Demanding Group in the United Kingdom because, among other defenses, we do not offer services to customers using the SYSTEM1 name and mark in the United Kingdom. The parties to the Infringement Suit have been negotiating a mediated settlement and co-existence agreement, which is still in process and the terms of which have yet to be finalized, while the matter remains outstanding. 
 
 Our success also depends on the continual development of RAMP. From time to time, we may receive claims from third parties that RAMP and its underlying technology infringe or violate such third parties intellectual property rights. To the extent we gain greater public recognition, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property claims. The cost of defending against such claims, whether or not the claims have merit, is significant, regardless of whether we are successful in our defense, and could divert the attention of management, technical personnel and other employees from our business operations. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is inherently uncertain due to the complex issues involved, and we may not be successful in defending ourselves in such matters. Additionally, we have obligations to indemnify our clients or inventory and data suppliers in connection with certain intellectual property claims. If we are found to infringe these rights, we could potentially be required to cease utilizing portions of RAMP. We may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and expense. Additionally, we could be required to pay royalty payments, either as a one-time fee or ongoing, as well as damages for past use that was deemed to be infringing. If we cannot license or develop technology for any allegedly infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit our service and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our business. 
 
 We face potential liability and harm to our business based on the nature of our business and the content on RAMP. 
 
 Advertising often results in litigation relating to misleading or deceptive claims, copyright or trademark infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of advertising that is distributed through RAMP. Though we contractually require clients to generally represent to us that their advertisements comply with our ad standards and our inventory providers ad standards and that they have the rights necessary to serve advertisements through RAMP, we do not independently verify whether we are permitted to deliver, or review the content of, such advertisements. If any of these representations are untrue, we may be exposed to potential liability and our reputation may be damaged. While our clients are typically obligated to indemnify us, such indemnification may not fully cover us, or we may not be able to collect. In addition to settlement costs, we may be responsible for our own litigation costs, which can be expensive. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Warrants 
 
 Our issuance of additional shares of Common Stock, Warrants or other convertible securities may dilute your ownership interest in us and could adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 From time to time in the future, we may issue additional shares of our Common Stock, Warrants or other securities convertible into Common Stock pursuant to a variety of transactions, including acquisitions. Additional shares of our Common Stock may also be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options and Warrants. The issuance by us of additional shares of our Common Stock, Warrants or other securities convertible into our Common Stock would dilute your ownership interest in us and the sale of a significant amount of such shares in the public market could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Common Stock and Warrants. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions and the expiration of our lock-up, shares issuable upon exercise of options will be available for resale immediately in the public market without restriction. 
 
 In the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity, or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock, other equity securities, or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing stockholders, reduce the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants, or both. Debt securities convertible into 
 48 

equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Common Stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our Common Stock and Warrants bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants and dilute their percentage ownership. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our Common Stock and Warrants less attractive to investors. 
 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. We have taken advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on certain executive compensation matters and reduced reporting periods. As a result, stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find the securities less attractive as a result of reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of the initial public offering of Trebia; (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. 
 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from complying with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a 1933 Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period. Accordingly, when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, could adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard, unless early adoption is permitted by the standard. This may make comparison of us with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 The market price of our Common Stock and Warrants may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance. You may lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 The market price of our Common Stock and Warrants is likely to be volatile. The stock market recently has experienced extreme volatility. This volatility often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. You may not be able to resell your shares at an attractive price due to a number of factors such as those listed in this section and the following: 
 
 our operating and financial performance and prospects; 
 
 49 

our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry compared to market expectations; 
 
 conditions that impact demand for our products; 
 
 future announcements concerning our business, our customers businesses or our competitors businesses; 
 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 
 
 the size of our public float; 
 
 coverage by or changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or failure to meet their expectations; 
 
 market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 
 
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 
 
 changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect our industry or us; 
 
 changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
 
 changes in senior management or key personnel; 
 
 issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales, of our capital stock; 
 
 changes in our dividend policy; 
 
 adverse resolution of new or pending litigation against us; and 
 
 changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war and responses to such events. 
 
 These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our Common Stock and Warrants is low. As a result, you may suffer a loss on your investment. 
 
 In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities Class Action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 
 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Common Stock or Warrants, the price of our Common Stock and Warrants could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our Common Stock and Warrants depends, in part, on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and the industries in which we operate. We may be unable or slow to attract research coverage, and if one or more analysts cease coverage of us, the price and trading volume of our securities would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts that may cover us change their recommendation regarding our Common Stock or Warrants adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our Common Stock and Warrants would likely decline. If any analyst that may cover us ceases covering us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our Common Stock and Warrants to decline. 
 50 

Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our Common Stock or Warrants, or if our reporting results do not meet their expectations, the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants could decline. 
 
 The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 
 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and other current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we have experienced an increase in legal, accounting and other expenses compared to that S1 Holdco incurred prior to the Merger, and we expect to incur these increased costs while we remain a public company. Our entire management team and many of our other employees will need to devote substantial time to compliance and may not effectively or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. 
 
 In addition, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may also divert management s attention from implementing our business strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial condition. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal control over financial reporting, including IT controls, and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy our obligations as a public company. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain our culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur to comply with these requirements. We anticipate that these costs will materially increase our general and administrative expenses. 
 
 These rules and regulations result in our incurring legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors, on our board committees or as executive officers. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of the business, and therefore, do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors after considering our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs, contractual restrictions, covenants in the agreements governing current and future indebtedness, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the payment of dividends and distributions to stockholders and any other factors or considerations the Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 You may only be able to exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 
 
 The Warrant Agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of Warrants who seek to exercise their Warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the Warrant 
 51 

Agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Public Warrants for redemption. If you exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the Warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the Fair Market Value. The Fair Market Value is the average closing price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the Warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 
 
 We may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner that may have an adverse effect on holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your Warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 
 
 Our Warrants were issued in registered form under a Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant agent, and us. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem not to adversely affect the interest of the holders of the Warrants. All other amendments require the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants, including any change that adversely affects the rights of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, convert the Warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 
 Our Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of the Warrants, which could limit the ability of Warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 
 
 Our Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our Warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement 
 52 

action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such Warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such Warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such Warrant holder. 
 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a Warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board of Directors. 
 
 We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worth less than what you paid for them. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, (a) at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that (i) the last reported sales price of the Class A ordinary shares for any twenty (20) trading days within the thirty (30) trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given (the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) and (ii) there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day Redemption Period (as defined in the Warrant Agreement), or (b) provided that the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) 
 . If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you to (i) exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 
 53 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We maintain our principal offices in Marina Del Rey, California. We also maintain office and data center space in various cities within the United States, the UK and Canada. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we will be able to secure additional space to accommodate expansion of our operations. 
 54 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe the ultimate liability, if any, with respect to these actions will not materially affect the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows reflected in the consolidated financial statements. There can be no assurance, however, that the ultimate resolution of such actions will not materially or adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We accrue for losses when the loss is deemed probable and the liability can reasonably be estimated. 
 
 On or around March 30, 2023, the Company received a letter from counsel for Alta Partners, LLC Alta ), which purports to be a holder of certain Public Warrants of the Company Demand Letter ). The Demand Letter alleges that the Company breached the terms of the Warrant Agreement, and that Alta is entitled to approximately 5.7 million in damages, plus prejudgment interest, as a result. On April 20, 2023, counsel for the Company responded to the Demand Letter, denying that any breach occurred or that Alta is entitled to any damages Response Letter ). The Company continues to deny liability and will defend vigorously against any claims. 
 
 Information in response to this Item is included in Part II Item 8. Note 11 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES and is incorporated by reference into Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 55 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 56 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Warrants are listed on NYSE under the symbols SST and SST.WS, respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Merger, the Trebia Class A common stock, units and warrants were listed on NYSE under the symbols TREB , TREB.U and TREB.WS, respectively. There is no public trading market for our Class C common stock. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of April 20, 2023, there were approximately 447 holders of record of our Class A common stock, 72 holders of record of our Class C common stock and 2 holders of record of our warrants. The actual number of stockholders of our Class A common stock and the actual number of holders of our warrants is greater than the number of record holders and includes holders of our common stock or warrants whose shares of common stock or warrants are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our Class A or Class C common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions, including our earnings, capital requirements, results of operations, financial condition, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors considers relevant. Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information regarding our financial condition. In addition, our credit facility contains restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Our equity compensation plan information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On March 4, 2022, in connection with the Company's acquisition of NextGen Shopping, Inc. (d/b/a "CouponFollow"), the Company issued 2,000 shares of its Class A common stock with a total fair value of 25,500 in a private placement, which shares were subsequently registered on our Registration Statement on Form S-1, originally filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022, as subsequently amended (Reg. No. 333-262608). 
 
 2022 Repurchase Program 
 
 In August 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized up to 25 million for the repurchase of the Company's Class A common stock and Public Warrants (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a remaining balance of approximately 24 million under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Below is a summary of the share repurchases that were traded and settled during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

57 

Period (in thousands, except share price) Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share 2 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 190 5.91 190 23,878 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 23,878 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 23,878 1 All of the shares were purchased in open market transactions. 
 2 The average price paid per share was calculated on a settlement basis and includes commissions. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 58 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 SYSTEM1 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to the Company, System1, we, us, our and other similar terms refer to System1, Inc and its subsidiaries and references to Trebia refer to the Company, formerly known as Trebia Acquisition Corp., prior to the Merger (as defined below). 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of System1 should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as our prospectus, dated April 13, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. The following discussion and analysis should also be read together with the section entitled Organization and description of business as of December 31, 2022 (Successor) and for the period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 (Predecessor), the period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor) and for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor). In addition to historical information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause future results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. All figures are presented in thousands, except percentages, rates and unless otherwise noted. 
 
 References to Notes are notes included in our audited consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We operate an omnichannel customer acquisition platform, delivering high-intent customers to advertisers and selling antivirus software packages to end user customers. 
 
 We provide our omnichannel customer acquisition platform services through our proprietary responsive acquisition marketing platform RAMP ). Operating seamlessly across major advertising networks and advertising category verticals to acquire users, RAMP allows us to monetize these acquired users through our relationships with third party advertisers and advertising networks Advertising Partners ). RAMP also allows third party advertising platforms and publishers Network Partners to send user traffic to, and monetize user traffic on, our owned and operated websites or throughout our monetization agreements. RAMP operates across our network of owned and operated websites, allowing us to monetize user traffic that we source from various acquisition marketing channels, including Google, Facebook, Taboola and Zemanta. 
 
 Through RAMP, we process approximately 28 million daily advertising campaign optimizations and ingest approximately 5 billion rows of data daily across more than 40 advertising categories as of December 31, 2022. We are able to efficiently monetize user intent by linking data on consumer engagement, such as first party search data, with data on monetization and advertising spend. This context-enriched data, combined with our proprietary and data science driven algorithms, creates a closed-loop system that is not reliant on personally identifiable information or information obtained through third-party cookies, but which allows RAMP to efficiently match consumer demand with the appropriate advertiser or advertising experience across advertising verticals. 
 
 S1 Holdco was founded in 2013 with a focus on monetizing user traffic acquired by its Network Partners. Since launching, it has expanded to support additional advertising formats across numerous advertising platforms, and has acquired several leading websites, enabling it to control user acquisition and experience, and monetize user traffic on its behalf via its network of owned and operated websites. As of December 31, 2022, S1 Holdco owns and operates approximately 40 websites, including leading search engines like info.com and Startpage.com, and publishing digital media sites and utilities, such as HowStuffWorks, MapQuest, CouponFollow and ActiveBeat. 
 59 

We, through Protected.net, also provide antivirus and consumer privacy software solutions, offering our customers a single packaged solution that provides protection and reporting to the end user. We deliver our antivirus software solutions directly to end-user customers across the world. The antivirus software solutions product offering comprises a core security package with varying levels of extra protection based on customers' specific needs. These products include unlimited devices, Adblock, and ID Protect and are managed to ensure they provide a value-added service to the customer base. The software is sold in either a monthly or annual subscription predominantly through the flagship brand TotalAV. As of December 31, 2022, Protected.net had over 2.4 million active subscribers for its products. 
 
 Our primary operations are in the United States; and we also have operations in Canada, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Operations outside the United States are subject to risks inherent in operating under different legal systems and various political and economic environments. Among the risks are changes in existing tax laws, possible limitations on foreign investment and income repatriation, government foreign exchange controls, and exposure to currency exchange fluctuations. We do not engage in hedging activities to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 The Merger 
 
 On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended on November 30, 2021, January 10, 2022 and January 25, 2022), (the Business Combination Agreement by and among us, S1 Holdco and Protected. On January 26, 2022 (the Closing Date ), the Company consummated the business combination (the Merger pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. Following the consummation of the Merger, the combined company was organized via an Up-C structure, in which substantially all of the assets and business operations of System1 are held by S1 Holdco. Our combined business continues to operate through the subsidiaries of S1 Holdco and Protected. Additionally, Trebia s ordinary shares and public warrants ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), and System1 Inc.s Class A common stock and the Public Warrants began trading on the NYSE on January 28, 2022 under the symbols SST and SST.WS, respectively. 
 
 The Company was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Merger, and S1 Holdco was deemed to be the predecessor entity. Accordingly, the historical financial statements of S1 Holdco became the historical financial statements of the Company, upon the consummation of the Merger. As a result, the financial statements included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of S1 Holdco prior to the Merger; and (ii) the consolidated results of the Company, including S1 Holdco and Protected following the closing of the Merger. The accompanying financial information include a Predecessor period, which include the periods through January 26, 2022 concurrent with the Merger, and a Successor period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022. A black-line between the Successor and Predecessor periods has been placed in the consolidated financial statements and in the tables within the notes to the consolidated financial statements to highlight the lack of comparability between these two periods as the Merger resulted in a new basis of accounting for S1 Holdco. 
 
 Refer to Note 3 MERGER and Note 6 GOODWILL , INTERNAL-USE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS, AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET for additional information. 
 60 

Components of Our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue is earned from revenue-sharing arrangements with our Network Partners for the use of our RAMP platform and related services provided to them to direct advertising by the Advertising Partners to their advertising space. We have determined it is the agent in these transactions and reports revenue on a net basis, because (a) we do not control the underlying advertising space, (b) we do not acquire the traffic and do not have risk of loss in connection therewith, and (c) the pricing is in the form of a substantively fixed-percentage revenue-sharing arrangement. We report this revenue on a net basis with respect to the amount retained under our revenue-sharing arrangements, which represents the difference between amounts received by us from the Advertising Partners, less amounts remitted to the Network Partners based on underlying contracts. 
 
 We also earn revenue by directly acquiring traffic to its owned and operated websites and utilizing its RAMP platform and related services to connect its Advertising Partners to its owned and operated websites. For this revenue stream, we are the principal in the transaction and reports revenue on a gross basis for the amounts received from our Advertising Partners. For this revenue, we have determined that it is the principal since it has a risk of loss on the traffic that it is acquiring for monetization with our Advertising Partners, and, in the case of our owned and operated websites, we maintain the website, provide the content and bear the cost and risk of loss associated with our websites advertising space. 
 
 We recognize revenue upon delivering traffic to our Advertising Partners based on a cost-per-click or cost-per-thousand impression basis. The payment term with our Advertising Partners is typically 30 days. 
 
 We, through Protected.net, are also engaged in selling security software solutions to customers. The subscription business provides real-time antivirus protection, a safe-browsing feature, adblocking, identity-theft protection, blocking of malicious websites and data breach monitoring. Subscription revenue is primarily derived from the (i) delivery of the antivirus software and (ii) delivery of the additional add-on service(s), which all are provided on a fixed-price basis. The performance obligations related to subscription, maintenance and support are satisfied over the length of the relevant customer contract, and the associated subscription revenue is recognized over the contract term on a ratable basis, which is consistent with transfer of control. Our services rendered to customers are generally paid for in advance with cash receipts recorded as deferred revenue, which represents a liability under a noncancelable contract. 
 
 Revenue may fluctuate from period to period due to a number of factors including seasonality and the shift in mix of user acquisition sources from Advertising Partners, and renewal rates of customers for subscription services. 
 We have three reportable segments: 
 Owned and Operated Advertising ("O O"); 
 Partner Network; and 
 Subscription. 
 
 Refer to Note 16 SEGMENT REPORTING for additional information. 
 
 61 

Operating Expenses 
 We classify our operating expenses into the following categories: 
 
 Cost of Revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) . Cost of revenues primarily consists of traffic acquisition costs, which are the costs to place advertisements to acquire customers to the Company s websites and services, as well as content, publishing, domain name registration costs, licensing costs to provide mapping services to Mapquest.com, and costs related to the utilization of antivirus engine licensing related to APIs for the antivirus product. The Company does not pre-pay any traffic acquisition costs, and therefore, expenses such costs as incurred. 
 
 Salaries and Benefits. Salaries and benefits expenses include salaries, bonuses, stock-based compensation, non-capitalized personnel costs incurred in the capitalized internal use software development, and employee benefits costs. 
 We expect to continue to invest in corporate infrastructure to support our growth. We expect salaries and benefits to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative . Selling, general, and administrative expenses consist of fees for professional service fees, occupancy costs, travel and entertainment. These costs are expensed as incurred. 
 We expect to continue to invest in corporate infrastructure to support our growth. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization expenses are primarily attributable to the Company s capital investment(s) and consist of fixed asset depreciation and amortization of intangible assets with finite lives. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill . We test for goodwill annually or if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We record impairment of goodwill when the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Refer to the discussion below and Note 6 GOODWILL , INTERNAL-USE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS, AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET Goodwill Impairment for additional information. 
 Other Expenses 
 Other expenses consist of the following: 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense is primarily related to our debt, which carries a variable interest rate. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities. Change in fair value of warrant liabilities relates to the mark to market of our liability-classified public and private warrants. 
 
 Income tax (benefit) provision 
 
 The Company is the managing member of S1 Holdco and, as a result, consolidates the financial results of S1 Holdco in its consolidated financial statements. S1 Holdco is a pass-through entity for U.S. federal and most applicable state and local income tax purposes. As an entity classified as a partnership for tax purposes, S1 Holdco is not subject to U.S. federal and certain state and local income taxes. Any taxable income or loss generated by S1 Holdco is passed through to its members, including the Company. The Company is taxed as a corporation and pays corporate federal, state and local taxes with respect to income allocated from S1 Holdco based on the Company's economic interest in S1 Holdco. Various subsidiaries are subject to income tax in the United States and in other countries. 
 62 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations and our consolidated results of operations as a percentage of revenue for the periods presented. 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Revenue 
 773,940 52,712 688,389 Operating costs and expenses: 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) 538,779 41,507 521,113 Salaries and benefits 194,976 31,181 66,747 Selling, general, and administrative 63,478 15,665 35,813 Depreciation and amortization 118,652 1,000 13,885 Impairment of goodwill 366,309 Total operating costs and expenses 
 1,282,194 89,353 637,558 Operating income (loss) (508,254) (36,641) 50,831 Other expense: Interest expense 32,050 1,049 16,870 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 3,751 Total other expense 35,801 1,049 16,870 Income (loss) before income tax (544,055) (37,690) 33,961 Income tax (benefit) provision (101,976) (629) 965 Net income (loss) (442,079) (37,061) 32,996 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (105,682) Net income (loss) attributable to System1, Inc. (336,397) (37,061) 32,996 
 
 63 

Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenue 
 100 100 100 Operating expenses: Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) 70 79 76 Salaries and benefits 25 59 10 Selling, general, and administrative 8 30 5 Depreciation and amortization 15 2 2 Impairment of goodwill 47 Total operating expenses 
 166 170 93 Operating income (loss) (66) (70) 7 Other expense: Interest expense 4 2 2 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other expense, net 5 2 2 Income (loss) before income tax (70) (72) 5 Income tax (benefit) provision (13) (1) Net income (loss) (57) (70) 5 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (14) Net income (loss) attributable to System1, Inc. (43) (70) 5 Percentages may not sum due to rounding 
 
 The comparability of our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was impacted by the Merger, as discussed above, and the acquisitions discussed in Note 4 ACQUISITIONS . Expense contributions from our recent acquisitions for each of the respective period comparisons generally were not separately identifiable due to the integration of these businesses into our existing operations. 
 
 Comparisons of Results of Operations for the period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 (Predecessor) and for the period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor) and the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 The following tables set forth our revenue by reportable segment. 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Revenue: 
 Owned and Operated Advertising 556,303 49,249 652,884 (7) Partner Network 
 55,926 3,463 35,505 67 Subscription 161,711 100 Total Revenue 773,940 52,712 688,389 20 
 
 Owned and Operated Advertising 
 64 

The decrease in Owned and Operated Advertising revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was primarily due to deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and reductions in both advertiser and overall consumer demand , partially offset by an increase due to acquisitions. Compared to the same prior period Revenue Per Session ("RPS") decreased 0.05. 
 
 Partner Network 
 
 The increase in Partner Network revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was due to our continued investment in this business and growth from partners signed in prior years. For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, the number of sessions increased by approximately 163 million. 
 
 Subscription 
 
 In connection with the Merger, we acquired Protected and began recognizing subscription revenue. We had no end-consumer subscription revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Revenue and Cost Metrics 
 
 We use total advertising spend, number of Owned Operated Advertising sessions O O sessions ), number of Partner Network sessions Network sessions ), Owned Operated Advertising cost-per-session O O CPS ), Owned Operated Advertising revenue-per-session O O RPS and Partner Network revenue-per-session Network RPS to track our operations. We define total advertising spend as the amount of advertising that is spent by us to acquire traffic to our websites. We define O O sessions as the total number of monetizable user visits to our Owned Operated Advertising websites. We define Network sessions as the number of monetizable user visits delivered by our network partners to RAMP. Monetizable visits exclude those visits identified by our advertising partners as spam, bot, or other invalid traffic. We define CPS as advertising spend divided by O O sessions. We define O O RPS as O O Revenue divided by O O sessions. We define Network RPS as Partner Network revenue divided by Network sessions. 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Cost of revenues 
 538,779 41,507 521,113 11 Percent of revenue 
 70 79 76 
 
 The increase in cost of revenues dollars for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was due to the acquisition of Protected, which contributed 99 million of the increase, partially offset by an adjusted Gross Profit decrease in user acquisition costs in the O O segment. O O user acquisition costs for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased 40 million primarily due to deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and reductions in both advertiser and overall consumer demand, and a discontinuation in certain business lines, which resulted in a 0.04 decrease in Cost Per Session CPS ). 
 
 Our chief operating decision maker measures and evaluates reportable segments based on segment operating revenues as well as adjusted gross profit and other measures. We define and calculate adjusted gross profit as revenue less advertising expense to acquire users. The remaining cost of revenues consist of non-advertising expenses such as set-up costs, royalties and fees. We exclude the following items from segment adjusted gross 
 65 

profit: depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, amortization of intangible assets and, at times, certain other transactions or adjustments. 
 
 The following supplemental tables set forth our adjusted gross profit by reportable segment. 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Segment Adjusted Gross Profit: Owned and Operated Advertising 
 138,560 8,768 143,284 3 Partner Network 
 42,291 3,012 35,505 28 Subscription 78,220 100 Total Adjusted Gross Profit 259,071 11,780 178,789 51 
 
 Refer to the Revenue and Cost of revenues discussions above. Additionally, refer to Note 16 SEGMENT REPORTING for additional information. 
 
 Salaries and benefits 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Salaries and benefits 
 194,976 31,181 66,747 >100 Percent of revenue 25 59 10 
 
 The increase in salaries and benefits dollars for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was primarily due to 131 million in stock-based compensation, which included 51 million related to the Protected.net Incentive Plan (as defined below), and 24 million recognized upon the close of the Merger, and 21 million in salaries and related expenses due to increased headcount from the Merger and our recent acquisitions. For additional information on our stock-based compensation, refer to Note 3 MERGER and Note 19 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION . 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Selling, general, and administrative 
 63,478 15,665 35,813 >100 Percent of revenue 
 8 30 5 
 
 The increase in selling, general, and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was primarily due to additional costs associated with becoming and operating as a public company of 16 million, costs associated with our 2022 acquisitions of 12 million and an increase in costs associated with the Merger of 10 million. 
 
 66 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Depreciation and amortization 
 118,652 1,000 13,885 >100 
 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was primarily due to additions of intangible assets as a result of the Merger, along with subsequent acquisitions. 
 
 Impairment of goodwill 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Impairment of goodwill 366,309 100 
 
 We have experienced adverse macroeconomic impacts as a result of changes in market conditions and increases in interest rates, which contributed to reduced forecasted revenues and reduced expectations for future cash flows. In response to these ongoing macroeconomic conditions and a broad weakening of consumer demand during the third quarter of 2022, we reduced our earnings forecasts for the Owned and Operated Advertising Partner Network reportable segments. Given these adverse impacts, we performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for all our reporting units as of September 30, 2022. We further performed our annual impairment test as of December 31, 2022. As a result of these impairment tests, we recorded impairments of goodwill in the amount of 366.3 million associated with certain of our reporting units as the fair value of these reporting units had declined below their fair value. Refer to Note 6 GOODWILL , INTERNAL-USE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS, AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET Goodwill Impairment for additional information. 

Interest expense 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Interest expense 32,050 1,049 16,870 96 
 
 The increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same prior year period, was due to an increase in our outstanding loan balances as a result of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility, which we entered into as part of the Merger, partially offset by a decrease in the weighted average interest rate. Refer to N ote 12 DEBT, NET , for additional information. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 
 The changes in fair value of warrant liabilities of 3,751 in 2022 was driven by the fluctuations in the market value of our Class A common stock since the Merger. 
 67 

Income tax (benefit) provision 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 change ) Income tax (benefit) provision 
 (101,976) (629) 965 
 The difference between the effective tax rates for the periods presented above and the federal statutory tax rate of 21 was primarily due to the exclusion of non-controlling income (loss), effects of predecessor flow through income allocations, changes in unrecognized tax benefits and outside basis adjustments. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 24,606. 
 
 To date, our available liquidity and operations have been financed through cash from the Merger, credit facilities, and cash flows from operations. We are subject to certain business risks, including dependence on key employees, dependence on key contracts, competition from alternative technologies, and dependence on growth to achieve our business and operational objectives. 
 
 Our revenues are dependent on two key Advertising Partners, which are Google and Microsoft. Refer to our concentration with customers discussion at Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES-Risk and Concentrations for additional information. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 As of June 1, 2023, the Company had not delivered audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to Bank of America as required by the covenants of the Term Loan (refer to Note 12 DEBT, NET). The failure to timely deliver the audited financial statements is an event of default under the Term Loan and provides Bank of America the ability to immediately call the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility of 430,000, as of the date of this filing, at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority of lenders until such time that the audited financial statements are delivered to Bank of America. The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances should they be called, nor has the Company identified sufficient alternative sources of capital. As a result, this matter raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Upon delivery of the audited financial statements by the Company, the event of default will be remediated and, once remediated, Bank of America will no longer have the ability to call the outstanding principal balances on the Term Loan and Revolving Facility. 
 
 Separate from the default under the Term Loan and Revolving Facility , in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company experienced declining cash flows and financial performance as a result of deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, resulting in reductions in both advertiser and overall consumer demand for our marketing services. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand of 24,606. The declining cash flows and financial performance also raised substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year following the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. In response to the declining cash flows, the Company implemented a plan to raise additional financing. On April 10, 2023, the Company entered into an incremental revolver note 2023 Revolving Note with related parties for 20,000 (refer 
 68 

to Note 12 DEBT for additional information regarding the 2023 Revolving Note). As of the date of this filing, the available balance under the 2023 Revolving Note was 15,000. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 In connection with the Merger discussed above, Orchid Merger Sub II LLC (a subsidiary of S1 Holdco) entered into a new loan Term Loan and revolving facility Revolving Facility on January 27, 2022, providing for a 5.5 year Term Loan with a principal balance of 400,000 and with the net proceeds of 376,000, of which a portion of the proceeds were used by S1 Holdco, to settle the outstanding debt of 172,038 with Cerberus Business Finance, LLC. The Revolving Facility was for 50,000. As of December 31, 2022, 50,000 was outstanding on the Revolving Facility and principal of 385,000 was outstanding on the Term Loan. Through December 31, 2025, 5,000 of the Term Loan is payable quarterly. From March 31, 2026, 7,500 of the Term Loan is payable quarterly. The Term Loan matures in 2027. 
 
 For every interest period, the interest rate on the Term Loan is the adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus 4.75 . The Term Loan is amortized in quarterly installments on each scheduled payment date. The Term Loan comes with a leverage covenant, which goes into effect only if the utilization on the Revolving Facility exceeds 35 of the 50,000 Revolving Facility at each quarter-end starting from the first full quarter after the effective date of the Merger, such that the first lien leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) should not exceed 5.40. The facility has certain financial and nonfinancial covenants, including a leverage ratio. The facility also requires that we deliver our audited consolidated financial statements to our lender within 120 days of our fiscal year end, December 31. Should we fail to distribute the financial statements to our lender within 120 days, we are allowed an additional 30 days to cure. 
 
 The Revolving Facility matures in January 2027, and accordingly, it is classified within long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate on the Revolving Facility is the adjusted Term SOFR plus 2.5 with an adjusted Term SOFR floor of 0 . In March 2022, we borrowed 49,000 under our Revolving Facility, to fund a portion of the purchase price related to our CouponFollow acquisition. 
 
 We have been able to and expect to be able to continue to make payments on the principal and interest of the above debt agreements on a timely basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, future minimum principal payments on long-term debt were as follows: 
 
 Successor 2023 20,000 2024 20,000 2025 20,000 2026 30,000 2027 345,000 Total future minimum principal payment 435,000 Less: current portion (20,000) Long-term portion 415,000 
 
 On May 1, 2023, the Company did not deliver audited financials as required under the terms of its credit agreement. On May 1, 2023, the Company received a notice of default, which started a 30 day cure period, ending 
 69 

on May 31, 2023, within which the Company could remedy the default. On June 1, 2023, as a result of not delivering its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the default constitutes an event of default. As a result, the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility of 430,000 as of the date of this report may be callable by Bank of America at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority of lenders thereunder. Upon delivery of the audited financial statements, the event of default is no longer continuing and the Company is in compliance with the credit agreement, which eliminates the ability of the lenders to exercise remedies with respect thereto. 
 
 2023 Revolving Note 
 
 On April 10, 2023, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC Orchid Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of System1, Inc., entered into a 20,000 Revolving Note (the 2023 Revolving Note with Lone Star Friends Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Stanley Blend, Lone Star and CEE Holding Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Jackson Hole Trust Company, CEE , and together with Lone Star, collectively, the Lenders and each, a Lender ), which are trusts established for the benefit of Michael Blend (Chief Executive Officer, co-founder and stockholder) and Charles Ursini (co-founder and stockholder), respectively, in a private transaction approved by the independent and non-interested members of our Board of Directors. Each Lender provided a 10,000 commitment for an aggregate principal of 20,000 under the Revolving Note to Orchid Sub on a several but not joint basis (each, a Commitment and, collectively, the Commitments ). 
 
 Any borrowed loan amounts outstanding under the 2023 Revolving Note accrue interest at the rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 3.15 . Orchid Sub may borrow amounts under the 2023 Revolving Note in increments of 100, and may prepay any amounts borrowed at any time without penalty or interest (other than applicable breakage costs, if any). We may borrow up to our commitment amount, and may reuse the loan again after the balance has been paid down. The final maturity date under the 2023 Revolving Note is July 10, 2024. The Lenders are also entitled to (i) an unused commitment fee equal to 1.0 per annum of the actual daily amount of total unfunded Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Note during the period from the closing date to the maturity date, payable quarterly in arrears and (ii) a closing fee equal to 12.0 of each Lender s Commitment under the 2023 Revolving Note, payable within 180 days of April 10, 2023. In addition, Orchid Sub agreed to reimburse the Lenders for their reasonable and documented costs expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, documentation and execution of the 2023 Revolving Note. As of the date of this filing, the available balance under the 2023 Revolving Note was 15,000. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 
 Successor Predecessor (in thousands) Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 3,317 (10,603) 60,705 Net cash used in investing activities (454,009) (441) (6,535) Net cash used in financing activities (27,729) (34,585) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by growth in our operations, timing of collections from our clients and related payments to our suppliers for advertising inventory and data. We typically pay suppliers in advance of collections from our clients. Our collection and payment cycles can vary from period to 
 70 

period. In addition, seasonality may impact cash flows from operating activities on a sequential quarterly basis during the year. 
 
 In the period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 (Predecessor), cash used in operating activities of 10,603 resulted primarily from a decrease in accounts payable of 67,600 due to the Merger and a net loss of 37,061. This was partially offset by an increase in accrued expenses of 57,488, non-cash stock-based compensation of 23,705 and a decrease in accounts receivable of 11,118 due to the Merger. 
 
 In the period from January 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor), cash provided by operating activities of 3,317 resulted primarily from non-cash impairment of goodwill of 366,309, non-cash depreciation and amortization expense of 118,652 non-cash stock-based compensation of 106,943, and an increase in deferred revenue of 9,008. This was partially offset by a net loss of 442,079, non-cash tax benefit of 107,798, a decrease in other long-term liabilities of 28,395, a decrease in Protected.net incentive plan liability of 20,000, and a decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 13,478. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by operating activities of 60,705 resulted primarily from Owned and Operated Advertising revenue, offset by user acquisition costs incurred to drive the growth and salaries and benefits costs, non-cash expenses of 22,632, and change in operating assets and liabilities of 5,077 primarily due to an increase in accounts payable of 20,756 due to increased user acquisition costs, and an increase in accrued expenses of 12,113 primarily related to the Merger. This was partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 19,064 as a result of increased collections, an increase in prepaid assets of 4,968 due to an increase in vendor services to support the growth of the Company, and a decrease in long term liabilities of 3,842 primarily due to reclassification of the former CEO s profit interest to short term liabilities. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our primary investing activities consist of acquisitions of businesses, such as the acquisition of S1 Holdco, Protected, RoadWarrior, CouponFollow and Answers in 2022 as well as costs capitalized for internally developed software. 
 
 In the period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 (Predecessor), cash used in investing activities of 441 resulted from costs capitalized for internally developed software. 
 
 In the period from January 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor), cash used in investing activities of 454,009 resulted primarily from the acquisitions of S1 Holdco, Protected, RoadWarrior, CouponFollow and Answers of 444,074. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor), cash used in investing activities of 6,535 resulted primarily from costs capitalized for internally developed software. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Our financing activities consisted primarily of borrowings and repayments of our debt, distributions to members related to tax obligations, acquisition related contingent consideration and proceeds from the sale of assets. 
 
 In the period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 (Predecessor), there was no cash provided or used in financing activities. 
 
 In the period from January 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor), cash used in financing activities of 27,729 resulted primarily from redemptions of Trebia Class A ordinary shares of 510,469, repayment of existing term loan of 187,488, and payment of debt financing costs related to the Term Loan of 24,845, partially offset by proceeds from the Term Loan and Revolving Facility of 450,000 and the Cannae Backstop of 246,484. 
 
 71 

In the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor), cash used in financing activities of 34,585 resulted primarily from tax distributions to members of 14,579, repayments of debt of 11,636, payment of acquisition related contingent consideration of 5,000 related to the acquisition of Startpage, 1,715 related to the acquisition of Concourse, and related party loan of 1,500. 
 
 In August 2022, our Board of Directors authorized up to 25,000 for the repurchase of our Class A common stock and Public Warrants ("2022 Repurchase Program"). During the year ended December 31, 2022 we repurchased 190 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 1,122 under the 2022 Repurchase Program. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We do not have any relationships with entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities that have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We did not have any other off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented other than the indemnification agreements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Known Future Cash Requirements 
 
 Service Agreements 
 
 In June 2021, we entered into a multi-year agreement with a service provider whereby we are contractually obligated to spend 8,000 between July 2022 and June 2023. As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), we remain contractually obligated to spend 4,115 towards this commitment. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 For potential commitments associated with our acquisitions refer to Note 3 MERGER and Note 4 ACQUISITIONS . 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to contingencies that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record an accrual for a contingency when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. We do not currently believe the resolution of any such contingencies will have a material adverse effect upon our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 
 
 Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to: (1) valuation of goodwill, acquired intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment, (2) valuation and recognition of our stock-based compensation awards, (3) income taxes, and (4) variable and contingent consideration. Significant estimates affecting the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of the most current and best available information, including historical experience, known trends and other market-specific or other relevant factors that we believe to be reasonable. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, as there are changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Changes in estimates are recorded in periods 
 72 

which they become known. However, actual results from the resolution of such estimates and assumptions may vary from those used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Business combinations 
 
 The results of a business acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. We allocate the purchase price, which is the sum of the consideration provided which may consist of cash, equity, or a combination of the two, paid in a business combination for the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquired business at their acquisition-date fair values. Any excess amount paid over the identifiable net assets is recorded as goodwill. The process for estimating the fair values of the acquired business involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including estimating average industry multiples, customer and service attrition rate, forecasted revenue and revenue growth rates, discount rates, technology migration rates, royalty rates and estimating future cash flows. We estimate the fair value based on assumptions which we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill. At the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred and are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. When purchase consideration includes contingent consideration, we record the fair value of the contingent consideration as of the date of acquisition, and subsequently remeasure the contingent consideration at fair value each reporting period through our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and identifiable intangibles in a business combination. We account for goodwill in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , which requires us to test goodwill at the reporting unit level for impairment at least annually, or if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test on December 31. 
 
 We have the option (i) to assess goodwill for possible impairment by performing a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or (ii) to perform the quantitative impairment test. The quantitative impairment test involves comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its respective carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying amount, goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If, however, the fair value of the reporting unit is less than carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. 
 
 The fair values of our reporting units were computed by weighting a discounted cash flow model and a reference transaction model which included inputs developed using both internal and market-based data. The key assumptions in the discounted cash flow model included, but were not limited to, the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rates (including long-term growth rates), and operating margins. The weighted average cost of capital reflected the increases in market interest rates. The reference transaction model derives indications of value based on mergers and acquisition transactions in the digital advertising industry. Key assumptions in this model included, but were not limited to, the selection of comparable transactions, revenue and EBITDA multiples and EBITDA margins from those transactions. Unanticipated events or circumstances may occur that could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results. 
 
 As a result of adverse macroeconomic impacts as a result of changes in market conditions, increases in interest rates, and weakening of consumer demand during the third quarter of 2022, which contributed to reduced forecasted 
 73 

revenues and reduced expectations for future cash flows, we performed quantitative goodwill impairments tests of our four reporting units as of September 30, 2022. As a result, we fully impaired goodwill of 329,133 in our Publishing and Lead Generation reporting unit and partially impaired goodwill of 10,976 in our Partner Network reporting unit. The fair value of our Subscription reporting unit and our Search and Applications reporting unit exceeded their carrying amounts by 13 and 2 , respectively. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we realigned our reporting structure due to changes in management such that our Search and Applications reporting unit became part of the Publishing and Lead Generation reporting unit and the new reporting unit was renamed Owned and Operating Advertising. Based on our annual impairment assessment as of December 31, 2022, we determined that the goodwill attributable to Owned and Operating Advertising of 26,200 was fully impaired. The fair value of our Partner Network reporting unit and our Subscription reporting unit exceeded their carrying amounts by 9 and 18 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 6 GOODWILL, INTERNAL-USE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS, NET, AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET for additional information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, all our goodwill relates to our Partner Network and Subscription reporting units. Goodwill associated with the Partner Network and Subscription reporting units were 82,407 and 433,184 respectively, as of December 31, 2022 . Any further deterioration in key assumptions or changes in the macroeconomic environment, including further interest rate increases, could adversely impact the fair value of these reporting units and could result in an impairment charge in the future. The Company applied a hypothetical sensitivity analysis by increasing the discount rate used in the valuation of the Partner Network and Subscription reporting units by 100 basis points as of December 31, 2022 . An increase in the discount rate would result in the estimated fair values of the Partner Network and Subscription reporting units decreasing by approximately 7 and 13 , respectively. The fair values of each of these reporting units would continue to exceed their carrying amounts, though the excess of the fair value over the carrying amount would be reduced to approximately 1 and 5 for the Partner Networks and Subscription reporting units, respectively. 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 
 Compensation cost related to stock-based payments is measured based on the fair value of the units issued and recognized within salaries and benefits expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. We have elected to treat stock-based payment awards with time-based service condition(s) only as a single award and recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, which is generally four years. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model to value equity in the Predecessor period are based upon the following: 
 
 Fair Value of Common Stock: S1 Holdco s equity was not publicly traded, therefore the fair value was determined by S1 Holdco s Board of Directors, with input from management and contemporaneous valuation reports prepared by a third-party valuation specialist. 
 
 Expected Term: The expected life of the option is estimated by considering the contractual term of the option, the vesting period of the option, the employees expected exercise behavior and the post-vesting employee turnover rate. For non-employees, the expected life equals the contractual term of the option. 
 
 Risk-free Interest Rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on published U.S. Treasury Department interest rates for the expected terms of the underlying options. 
 
 Volatility: The volatility was based on the expected unit price volatility of the underlying units over the expected term of the option which is based upon historical share price data of an index of comparable publicly traded companies. 
 
 74 

Subsequent to the Merger, the fair value of our RSUs is derived from the market price of our Class A common stock, which is traded on the NYSE. We recognize compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each award and recognize forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 In connection with the Merger and acquisition of Protected.net, we effected an incentive plan for eligible recipients (the Protected.net Incentive Plan ). If the Protected.net business achieves certain financial metrics on or prior to December 31, 2023, recipients will be eligible to receive a pool of 50,000 payable in fully-vested shares of our Class A common stock (the 2023 Award ). On August 30, 2022, the Company modified the 2023 Award to remove the operational targets and reduce this award to 40,000 settled in four equal quarterly cash installments beginning upon the modification of this award. Further, if the Protected.net business achieves certain financial metrics on or prior to December 31, 2024, recipients will be eligible to receive a separate pool of 50,000 payable in fully-vested shares of our Class A common stock (the 2024 Award ). Shares under the 2024 Award will be issued to recipients within 30 days of December 31, 2024. 
 
 We account for each of these awards as liability-classified until the awards are settled in cash or stock, respectively, and accordingly, when the 2024 Award is probable of achievement, we record stock-based compensation for that liability award. Refer to Note 19 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION for additional information regarding liability-classified awards. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense is included in the salaries and benefits expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES. 
 75 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 Figures are presented in thousands, except percentages, rates and unless otherwise noted. 
 
 We have operations within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate and foreign currency exchange risk. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates on our Term Loan and our Revolving Facility, which accrues interest at a variable rate. The interest rate on our Term Loan is the adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus 4.75 . The interest rate on our Revolving Facility is the Term SOFR plus 2.5 . As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), 415,000 aggregate face value was outstanding on our Term Loan and 50,000 was outstanding on our Revolving Facility. We have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure from our Term Loan and Revolving Facility. Based upon the short-term investment amount as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical one percentage point increase or decrease in the interest rate of our Term Loan and our Revolving Facility would result in a corresponding increase or decrease in interest expense of approximately 4,150 annually. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We have foreign currency exchange risk related to transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the Canadian Dollar. The volatility of exchange rates depends on many factors that we cannot forecast with reliable accuracy. As of December 31, 2022, an immediate 10 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on foreign-denominated accounts would result in a foreign currency loss of approximately 13,065. In the event our non-U.S. Dollar denominated sales and expenses increase, our operating results may be more greatly affected by exchange rate fluctuations. 

76 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 78 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 80 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 82 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Members Deficit 
 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 85 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 87 
 
 77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of System1, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of S1 Holdco, LLC and its subsidiaries (Predecessor) (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in members deficit, and cash flows for the period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has violated a covenant which resulted in the outstanding principal balances under the Company s Term Loan and Revolving Facility with Bank of America being callable at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority lenders and has insufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 June 5, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 
 78 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of System1, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of System1, Inc. and its subsidiaries (Successor) (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has violated a covenant which resulted in the outstanding principal balances under the Company s Term Loan and Revolving Facility with Bank of America being callable at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority lenders and has insufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 June 5, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 79 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except for par values) 
 Successor Predecessor December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash, non-current Property and equipment, net Internal-use software development costs, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/ MEMBERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Protected.net incentive plan liability, current Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities, current Debt, net Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Long-term debt, net Warrant liability Deferred tax liability Protected.net incentive plan liability, non-current Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY / MEMBERS DEFICIT Class A common stock - par value; shares authorized, Class A shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Class C common stock - par value; shares authorized, Class C shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Members deficit ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity/members deficit attributable to System1, Inc. ) Non-controlling interest Total stockholders equity/members deficit ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity/members deficit 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except for per share and per unit data) 

Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) Salaries and benefits Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Total operating costs and expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Other expense: Interest expense Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other expense Income (loss) before income tax ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income (loss) attributable to System1, Inc. ) ) Basic and diluted net loss per share n/a n/a Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted n/a n/a Basic and diluted net income (loss) per unit n/a Weighted average units outstanding - basic and diluted n/a 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 81 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to System1, Inc. ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class C Common Stock Class D Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-In-Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Non-Controlling Interest Total Stockholders Equity Successor: For the period from January 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 BALANCE January 26, 2022 ) Effect of the Merger BALANCE January 27, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) ) Exercise of warrants Issuance of restricted stock, net of forfeitures and shares withheld for taxes ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the Merger, net of offering costs, underwriting discounts and commissions Issuance of common stock in connection with the acquisition of business Issuance of market-based restricted stock units Conversion of Class D shares to Class A shares ) Conversion of Class C shares to Class A shares ) ) Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets associated with increases in tax basis ) ) Net deferred tax liability resulting from changes in outside basis difference on investment in S1 Holdco, LLC ) ) Other comprehensive income ) ) Stock-based compensation Distribution to members ) ) Class A common stock repurchases ) ) ) BALANCE December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 83 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Deficit 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Members Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Members Deficit Predecessor: For the period January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 BALANCE January 1, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense BALANCE January 26, 2022 ) ) Members Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Members Deficit Predecessor: For the period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 BALANCE January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Accumulated other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Distribution to Court Square Capital Partners ) ) Contribution from OpenMail Distribution to OpenMail ) ) BALANCE December 31, 2021 ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 84 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 85 

Successor Predecessor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Impairment of goodwill Amortization of debt issuance costs Noncash lease expense Change in fair value of contingent consideration and CEO equity profit interest ) Change in fair value of warrants Deferred tax benefits ) ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) Due from related party Prepaids and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Protected.net incentive plan liability ) Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalized software development costs ) ) ) Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired ) Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from term loan and line of credit Repayment of term loan ) ) Member capital contributions Payments for financing costs ) ) Payments for earnouts ) Taxes paid related to net settlement of restricted stock awards ) Redemptions of Class A common stock ) Proceeds from warrant exercises Purchases of treasury stock ) Cash received from the Backstop Payments on contingent consideration from purchase of companies ) Related party loan ) Distributions to members ) ) Net cash (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes in cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Tenant improvements paid by lessor Stock-based compensation included in capitalized software development costs Equity issuance to settle intercompany loan Deferred consideration for acquisition 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

1. 
 
 , as of the date of this filing, at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority of lenders until such time that the audited financial statements are delivered to Bank of America. The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances should they be called, nor has the Company identified sufficient alternative sources of capital. As a result, this matter raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Upon delivery of the audited financial statements by the Company, the event of default will be remediated and, once remediated, Bank of America will no longer have the ability to call the outstanding principal balances on the Term Loan and Revolving Facility. 
 
 Separate from the default under the Term Loan and Revolving Facility , in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company experienced declining cash flows and financial performance as a result of deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, resulting in reductions in both advertiser and overall consumer demand for our marketing services. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash on hand of . The declining cash flows and financial performance also raised substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year following the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. In response to the declining cash flows, the 
 87 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 (refer to Note 12 DEBT, NET for additional information regarding the 2023 Revolving Note). As of the date of this filing, the available balance under the 2023 Revolving Note was . 
 
 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes the Company will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

2. 

88 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 The Company recorded of operating lease assets, of lease liabilities and reclassified of deferr ed rent liabilities as a reduction to the beginning operating lease assets upon implementation of ASC 842. See Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Leases and Note 7 LEASES for additional details. 
 Risk and Concentrations 
 The Company is subject to certain business and operational risks, including competition from alternative technologies, as well as dependence on key Advertising Partners, key employees, key contracts, and growth to achieve its business and operational objectives. 
 
 Concentrations 
 
 Microsoft 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had (i) paid search advertising partnership agreements with Google, and (ii) paid search advertising partnership agreement with Microsoft. The Google agreements are in effect through February 28, 2025, and July 31, 2023, respectively. The agreement with Microsoft is in effect through June 30, 2025. Under certain circumstances, each of these agreements may be terminated by either the Company or the respective Advertising Partner immediately, or with minimal notice. 
 
 Accounts receivable are primarily derived from Advertising Partners located within the United States. As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), Google and Yahoo, represented and , respectively, of the Company s accounts receivables balance. As of December 31, 2021 (Predecessor), these Advertising Partners represented and , respectively, of the Company s accounts receivables balance. 

89 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

allowance for doubtful accounts was necessary as of December 31, 2022 (Successor) and December 31, 2021 (Predecessor). The payment terms for the Company's accounts receivable are typically days. 

90 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

91 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

Office equipment Furniture, fixtures and equipment - Motor vehicles Leasehold improvements Shorter of the remaining lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements. 

I years, commencing when the software is ready for its intended use. The straight-line recognition method approximates the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. The Company does not transfer ownership of its software or lease its software to third parties. 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 Intangible assets primarily consist of acquired technology, customer relationships and trade names/trademarks. The Company determines the appropriate useful life based on management s estimate of the applicable intangible asset s remaining economic useful life at the time of acquisition. Intangible assets are generally amortized over their estimated economic useful lives using a straight-line method, which approximates the pattern in which the economic 
 92 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

Customer relationships - Trademarks and trade names Other intangibles 

93 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

94 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

95 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

. The Merger triggered a liquidating event, therefore, the portion of the Replacement Awards issued in connection with the Merger that was associated with services rendered through the date of the Merger are included in the total consideration transferred, with the exception of the unvested awards subject to service vesting conditions where the service condition has not been completed. With regards to the remaining unvested portion of the Replacement Awards, the Company continues to recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the original requisite service period and recognizes forfeitures as they occur. For VCU 
 96 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

97 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

-for-one basis. The Company's Board of Directors may elect to redeem the non-controlling interest holder's Class B units in cash. As future redemptions occur, this will result in a change in ownership and reduce the amount recorded as non-controlling interest and a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital. As additional shares of Class A common stock are issued by the Company, Class A units in S1 Holdco are issued to the Company to maintain a one-to-one ratio of Class A common stock outstanding to the Company's Class A units in S1 Holdco. 
 
 Class C shares into Class A shares. As a result, the Company reduced the non-controlling interest balance in equity by and increased the additional paid-in capital balance by the same amount. 
 
 Class B units of S1 Holdco 

98 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

3. 
 
 . 
 
 The aggregate equity consideration paid and/or retained for S1 Holdco Class B Units was , consisting of (a) the aggregate equity consideration payable under the Business Combination Agreement, consisting of shares of Class A common stock and Replacement Awards, and (b) the aggregate Class B Units in S1 Holdco retained by S1 Holdco equity holders at the Closing. 
 
 The fair value of the Class A common stock was determined by utilizing the transaction closing price per share per the BCA of and a discount of , as the shares were not immediately available for sale upon issuance and this restriction is viewed to be a function of the security characteristics. 
 
 Additionally, the aggregate Class B units in S1 Holdco retained by S1 Holdco equity holders at the Closing Date resulted in a non-controlling interest. The Class B units in S1 Holdco and the corresponding Class C common stock in the Company were determined to have an estimated value of . As the Class B units in S1 Holdco together with the corresponding shares of the Company's Class C common stock are exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, the fair value was determined using the same method as for the shares of Class A common stock, utilizing the transaction closing price of and a discount of (as the units and the corresponding shares of Class C common stock were not immediately available for sale upon issuance and this restriction is viewed to be a function of the security characteristics). The fair value of was included in non-controlling interest on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity. 
 
 In connection with the Merger, System1 and Cannae Holdings, Inc. Cannae ), an investor in the Sponsor of Trebia, entered into a backstop agreement (the Backstop Agreement on June 28, 2021, as amended on January 
 99 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 shares of Trebia Class A common stock in order to fund up to of redemptions by shareholders of Trebia. See discussion below regarding the Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement, which was amended in conjunction with the Backstop Agreement. As a result of shareholder redemptions, Cannae provided of the cash used to fund the Closing Cash Consideration pursuant to its obligations under the Backstop Agreement and in exchange received shares of Class A common stock ("Backstop shares"). 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to the Backstop Agreement, the Selling Shareholders (i.e., certain shareholders of S1 Holdco and Protected prior to the Merger) agreed that, in the event shareholders of Trebia requested redemption of Trebia outstanding equity immediately prior to the Merger in excess of a certain dollar value threshold, certain equity holders of S1 Holdco and Protected would reduce their cash consideration and proportionally increase their equity consideration for the Merger, which is referred to as the Seller Backstop Election . In the event that the Seller Backstop Election was made, the Sponsors would forfeit their shares to allow the Company to then issue shares to the Selling Shareholders. The Seller Backstop Election was triggered and, as a result, the Sponsors forfeited shares of Trebia Class B ordinary shares which were converted at time of Merger, at a one-to-one ratio, into shares of Class A common stock of System1 and delivered to the various selling shareholders of S1 Holdco, collectively referred to as the Sponsor Promote Shares . The total consideration amount, in a combination of cash and equity consideration, did not change from the amount agreed in the Business Combination Agreement due to this Seller Backstop Election. The Company recorded in Salaries and benefits expense and in S elling, general and administrative expense for Sponsor Promote Shares during the period January 27, 2022 through March 31, 2022 (Successor). 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and the Backstop Agreement, on June 28, 2021, as amended on January 10, 2022, the sponsors of Trebia entered into the Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement whereby the sponsors agreed to forfeit up to shares of Trebia Class B common stock in order for the Company to then issue the shares to Cannae Backstop forfeiture shares ), in exchange for Cannae entering into the Backstop Agreement. On January 27, 2022, based upon the final backstop funding provided by Cannae, the sponsors forfeited shares of Trebia Class B shares, after which the Company then issued shares of Class A common stock to Cannae. Trebia recorded a forward purchase liability of immediately prior to the Merger, representing the fair value of the Backstop shares and the Backstop forfeiture shares. 
 
 In accordance with the Amended and Restated Sponsor Agreement entered into concurrently with the Business Combination Agreement, the Company issued Class D shares to the Trebia sponsors in exchange for Trebia Class B shares ("Sponsor RSA's"). The difference in the fair value of the two was treated as a capital contribution. The founders of S1 Holdco and Protected were also issued Class D shares ("Seller RSUs"). Further, in connection with the Merger, the Company also effected an incentive plan for Protected business. Refer to Note 19 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION for additional information on the Seller RSU's and the Protected Incentive Plan. 
 
 Concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, System1 entered into a tax receivable agreement with the minority holders of S1 Holdco, (the Tax Receivable Agreement or "TRA"), pursuant to which, among other things, the parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement have agreed to the allocation and payment of of the actual savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that System1 may realize as a result of certain tax benefits (if any) related to the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and future exchanges of Class B Units in S1 Holdco (together with the corresponding shares of the Company s shares of Class C common stock) in exchange for shares of the Company s Class A common stock. As of the Closing Date, the fair value of obligations under the TRA were determined to be as any tax savings were uncertain. The TRA is contingent consideration and subsequent changes in fair value of the contingent liability are recognized in earnings. Refer to TRA discussion in Note 10 INCOME TAXES. 
 
 The Company adopted ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations: Contract Assets Liabilities on January 1, 2022 and accordingly, has recorded contract assets and contract liabilities acquired as part of the Merger based on what the Company would have recorded under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as of the acquisition 
 100 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Income tax receivable Property, plant equipment, net Other assets Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Income tax payable ) Notes payable ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed ) Intangible assets Goodwill Net assets acquired Consideration: Cash Equity Total consideration attributable to System1 Total consideration attributable to non-controlling interest Total consideration 
 
 Customer relationships Technology Total 
 
 The fair value of the intangible assets acquired was determined using income-based approach methodologies. Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated economic useful lives using a straight-line method, which approximates the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed. Customer relationships are amortized on an 
 101 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Pro forma net (loss) ) ) 

4. 
 
 . The acquisition of Answers constitutes a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations . 
 
 This acquisition expands the Company's portfolio of Owned Operated Advertising publishing sites and search destinations to include a destination for higher education and lifelong learning content. The amounts of revenue and income before income taxes for the period from May 4, 2022 to December 31, 2022 were and , respectively. The operating results of Answers are reported within the Owned and Operated Advertising segment. 

102 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Trademark - years weighted average useful life 
 Goodwill Net assets acquired Total consideration: Cash 
 
 The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from combining operations, and is deductible for tax purposes over years. The Company incurred in transaction costs related to the acquisition. 
 
 Trademark The Company valued the trademark using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Key assumptions include forecasted revenue, an estimated royalty rate applicable to the trademark and a discount rate. 
 
 NextGen Shopping, Inc. 
 
 On March 4, 2022, the Company acquired NextGen Shopping, Inc. (d/b/a CouponFollow for total cash consideration of , of which was deferred, was held-back, and related to the fair value of shares of Class A common stock issued. The fair value of the shares of Class A common stock was determined by utilizing the closing price per share of the Company's Class A common stock listed on the NYSE as of March 3, 2022, and a discount rate of , as the shares were not immediately available for sale upon issuance, and this restriction was deemed to be a function of the security characteristics. The deferred consideration of was paid subsequent to the acquisition. The held-back consideration amount will become payable eighteen months subsequent to the acquisition date, subject to the Company's satisfaction of any potential post-closing purchase price adjustments and indemnification claims. The cash payment included the transaction costs of that the Company paid on behalf of CouponFollow in connection with the closing of the transaction. The acquisition of CouponFollow constitutes a business combination under ASC 805. 
 
 In conjunction with this acquisition, the Company also committed to pay postcombination compensation of , which is payable in cash and subject to continued services from certain individuals of CouponFollow. Separately, in conjunction with the acquisition, the Company entered into the CouponFollow Incentive Plan, providing up to of postcombination compensation which is payable in stock or cash at the option of the Company, and subject to continued service from certain individuals, and up to which is payable in stock or cash at the option of the Company contingent upon achieving certain financial thresholds and the continued employment of certain key individuals of CouponFollow. Refer to Note 19 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION for additional information. 
 
 This acquisition leverages CouponFollow s reputation, software and large organic traffic to vertically integrate with the Company s RAMP platform and generate paid traffic for shopping-related products. The results of CouponFollow s operations from the date of acquisition have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The amounts of revenue and income before income taxes for the period from March 4, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor) were and , respectively. The operating results of CouponFollow are reported within the Owned and Operated Advertising segment. 
 
 The total purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values on the acquisition date. 

103 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Accounts receivable Other current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Income tax payable ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Trademark - years weighted average useful life 
 Software - years weighted average useful life 
 Goodwill Net assets acquired Consideration: Cash Equity Total consideration 
 
 The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from combining operations as well as the value of the workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The Company incurred in transaction costs related to the acquisition. 
 
 Trademark The Company valued the trademark using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Key assumptions include forecasted revenue, an estimated royalty rate applicable to the trademarks and a discount rate. 
 
 Software Acquired software technology was valued using the excess-earnings method utilizing company-specific inputs. Key assumptions include forecasted revenue, an estimated royalty rate applicable to the software and a discount rate. 
 
 RoadWarrior, LLC 
 
 On February 9, 2022, the Company acquired the assets of RoadWarrior, LLC RoadWarrior for total cash consideration of . The acquisition of RoadWarrior constitutes a business combination under ASC 805. The acquisition expands the Company s Mapquest.com website technology, and provides additional functionality for customers centered around route planning for delivery drivers and teams. The results of RoadWarrior s operations as of and after the date of acquisition have been included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from February 9, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor) . The amounts of revenue and income before income taxes for the period from February 9, 2022 to December 31, 2022 (Successor) were and , respectively. The operating results of RoadWarrior are reported within the Owned and Operated Advertising segment prospectively from the date of acquisition. 
 
 The total purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values on the acquisition date. 

104 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Trademark - years weighted average useful life 
 Software - years weighted average useful life 
 Customer relationships - years weighted average useful life 
 Goodwill Net assets acquired Total consideration Cash 
 
 The goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of the expected synergies from combining operations as well as the value of the workforce. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes over years. The Company incurred in transaction costs related to the acquisition. 
 
 Trademark The Company valued the trademark using the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. Key assumptions include forecasted revenue, an estimated royalty rate applicable to the trademarks and a discount rate. 
 
 Software Acquired software technology was valued using the excess-earnings method utilizing company-specific inputs. Key assumptions include forecasted revenue, an estimated royalty rate applicable to the software and a discount rate. 
 
 Customer relationships The Company valued customer relationships using an excess-earnings method utilizing distributor inputs. Key assumptions include customer attrition rate, revenue growth rate, existing customer revenue, deferred revenue, and a discount rate. 

5. 
 Motor vehicles Furniture and equipment 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Property and equipment gross 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment net 

Total depreciation expense on property and equipment was as follows: 
 
 105 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

6. 
 
 Additions Impairment ) ) ) Goodwill at December 31, 2022 
 
 Additions to Goodwill were from the acquisitions of S1 Holdco, Protected.net, CouponFollow, RoadWarrior and Answers in 2022. See discussion below regarding impairment of goodwill. 
 
 There was Goodwill activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the period from January 1, 2021 through January 26, 2022 (Predecessor). 

Goodwill Impairment 
 
 The Company assesses goodwill for impairment annually as of December 31 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company had reporting units, as follows: 
 
 i. Publishing and Lead Generation - within Owned and Operated Advertising reportable segment 
 ii. Search and Applications - within Owned and Operated Advertising reportable segment 
 iii. Partner Network reportable segment and reporting unit 
 iv. Subscription reportable segment and reporting unit 
 
 The Company has experienced adverse macroeconomic impacts as a result of changes in market conditions and increases in interest rates, which contributed to reduced forecasted revenues and reduced expectations for future cash flows. In response to these ongoing macroeconomic conditions and a broad weakening of consumer demand during the third quarter of 2022, the Company reduced its earnings forecasts for the Owned and Operated Advertising Partner Network reportable segments. Given these adverse impacts, the Company performed an interim quantitative goodwill impairment analysis for all its reporting units as of September 30, 2022. 
 
 106 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 . 
 the fair value of the Search and Applications reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by . 
 the fair value of the Publishing and Lead Generation reporting unit was substantially less than its carrying amount. As a result, the Company impaired all the goodwill attributable to this reporting unit of . 
 the fair value of the Partner Network reporting unit was less than its carrying amount, resulting in a impairment of goodwill attributable to this reporting unit. 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company realigned its reporting structure due to changes in management such that the Search and Applications reporting unit became part of the Publishing and Lead Generation reporting unit and the new reporting unit was renamed Owned and Operated Advertising. 
 
 Based on the Company s December 31, 2022 annual impairment analysis: 
 
 the fair value of the Subscription reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by . 
 the fair value of the Owned and Operated Advertising reporting unit was substantially less than its carrying amount. As a result, the Company impaired all the goodwill attributable to this reporting unit of . 
 the fair value of the Partner Network reporting unit exceeded the carrying amount by , as the Partner Network reporting unit experienced improved results during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 The fair values of the Company s reporting units as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022 were computed by weighting a discounted cash flow model and a reference transaction model which included inputs developed using both internal and market-based data. The Company's key assumptions in the discounted cash flow model included, but were not limited to, the weighted average cost of capital, revenue growth rates (including long-term growth rates), and operating margins. The weighted average cost of capital reflected the increases in market interest rates. The Company's reference transaction model derives indications of value based on mergers and acquisition transactions in the digital advertising industry. Key assumptions in this model include, but were not limited to, selection of comparable transactions, revenue and EBITDA multiples and EBITDA margins from those transactions. 
 
 Any deviation in actual financial results compared to the forecasted financial results or valuation assumptions, a decline in equity valuations, or increases in interest rates, among other factors, could have a material adverse effect to the fair value of the reporting units and could result in a future impairment charge. There can be no assurance that the Company s future asset impairment testing will not result in a material charge to earnings. 
 
 Internal-use software development costs and intangible assets 
 
 ) Intangibles: Developed technology 
 ) Trademarks and trade names 
 ) Software 
 ) Customer relationships 
 ) Total intangible costs 
 ) 
 
 107 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 ) Intangibles: Developed technology 
 ) Trademarks and trade names 
 ) Professional service agreement 
 ) Customer relationships 
 ) Total intangible costs 
 ) 
 
 The internal-use software development costs include capitalized costs not ready for its internal use of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets 
 
 impairment of internal-use software development cost or intangible assets was identified for the periods presented in this report. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average amortization period for all intangible assets was years. 

7. 

108 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total lease expense 

Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 
 Rent expense was for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor), which was included in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 109 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 2023 2024 2025 

8. 
 Accrued marketing expenses Accrued professional fees VAT tax liability Accrued tax liability Acquisition holdback liability Accrued revenue share 1 
 Contingent consideration Former CEO profit interest Other liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 1 Revenue share payables of were included in accounts payable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 due to the timing of the receipt of invoices. No revenue share was accrued as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Ian Weingarten was hired as CEO of S1 Holdco on April 10, 2019. He was entitled to a cash-settled profits interest of of the value of S1 Holdco, which was contingent upon (i) a participation threshold of (which was subject to adjustment as set forth in the S1 Holdco operating agreement) and (ii) on a vesting term, or if a qualifying change in control transaction occurs. 
 
 In February 2021, Mr. Weingarten's employment with S1 Holdco was terminated and the parties entered into a separation agreement. In connection with the separation agreement, S1 Holdco agreed to payment of separation pay benefits consistent with the terms of Mr. Weingarten s employment agreement, including the payment of the liability accrued for the cash-settled profits interest of of S1 Holdco, which was deemed vested as to a profits interest and forfeited as to the remaining profits interest above the applicable adjusted threshold amount (subject to further increase to a profits interest in the event that the Merger was not consummated). S1 Holdco recorded a liability for this arrangement of as of December 31, 2021 (Predecessor). In January 2022, in conjunction with the consummation of the Merger, S1 Holdco settled the profits interest liability pursuant to the separation agreement with Mr. Weingarten. 

9. 
 
 110 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Additions Revenue recognized ) December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 
 Deferred Revenue January 1, 2022 (Predecessor) Additions Revenue recognized ) January 26, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 
 Deferred Revenue January 27, 2022 (Successor) Additions 1 
 Revenue recognized ) December 31, 2022 (Successor) 
 
 1 Includes from the 2022 acquisitions. 
 
 We expect to recognize revenue related to the remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 within the next twelve months. 

10. ) Foreign 
 ) Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) 

111 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 State Foreign 
 Total current provision 
 Deferred: Federal ) State ) Foreign 
 ) ) ) Total deferred (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision 
 ) ) 
 112 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) ) State tax, net of federal ) Non-Controlling interests ) Effect of flow-through entity ) ) ) Changes in unrecognized tax benefits ) Foreign income taxes at different statutory rate ) Investment in partnership basis adjustments ) Other ) ) Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 
 Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods Increases based on tax positions related to current periods December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 
 Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits January 1, 2022 (Predecessor) Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods Increases based on tax positions related to current periods January 26, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 
 Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits January 27, 2022 (Successor) Increases based on tax positions related to prior periods Increases based on tax positions related to current periods December 31, 2022 (Successor) 
 
 113 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 (net of Federal benefit) at December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company is not currently under examination in any jurisdiction. It is reasonably possible that, within the next twelve months, statutes of limitation will expire which could have the effect of reducing the balance of unrecognized tax benefits by . 

114 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

Interest expense Other Total deferred tax assets 
 Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Investment in partnerships Intangibles Other Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 The Company assesses available positive and negative evidence to estimate if it is more likely than not to use certain jurisdiction-based deferred tax assets including net operating loss carryovers. On the basis of this assessment, a valuation allowance was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers NOLs of that may be used indefinitely and various state NOLs that will expire at different times. The Company also has United Kingdom NOLs of that may be used indefinitely. Uncertainties that may affect the utilization of our tax attributes include future operating results, tax law changes, rulings by taxing authorities regarding whether certain transactions are taxable or deductible and expiration of carryforward periods. 
 
 The Company had an ownership change and as a result certain federal and state NOLs were limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Code. This limitation has been accounted for in calculating the Company's available NOL carryforwards. 

115 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 Increases in valuation allowance recorded through earnings December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) 
 
 Valuation Allowance January 1, 2022 (Predecessor) Increases in valuation allowance recorded through earnings January 26, 2022 (Predecessor) 
 
 Valuation Allowance January 27, 2022 (Successor) Increases in valuation allowance recorded through earnings December 31, 2022 (Successor) 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Company's election under Section 754 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), the Company expects to obtain an increase in its share of the tax basis in the net assets of S1 Holdco when LLC Interests are redeemed or exchanged by the other members of S1 Holdco. The Company intends to treat any redemptions and exchanges of LLC Interests as direct purchases of LLC Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These increases in tax basis may reduce the amounts that would otherwise be paid in the future to various tax authorities. 
 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with certain of the then-existing members of S1 Holdco that provides for the payment by the Company of of the amount of any tax benefits that are actually realized, or in some cases are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in the Company's share of the tax basis in the net assets of S1 Holdco resulting from any redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests, (ii) tax basis increases attributable to payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and (iii) deductions attributable to imputed interest pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement (the TRA Payments ). The Company expects to benefit from the remaining of any tax benefits that may actually realize. 
 
 LLC Interests in connection with the redemption of LLC Interests, which resulted in an increase in the tax basis of its investment in S1 Holdco subject to the provisions of the Tax Receivable Agreement. The Company recognized a liability in the amount of for the TRA Payments due to the redeeming members, representing of the aggregate tax benefits the Company expects to realize from the tax basis increases related to the redemption of LLC Interests, after concluding it was probable that such TRA Payments would be paid based on estimates of future taxable income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, inclusive of interest, payments were made to the parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of TRA Payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, was . 

11. 
 
 between July 2022 and June 2023. As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), t he Company remains contractually obligated to spend towards this commitment. 
 116 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

million in damages, plus prejudgment interest, as a result. On April 20, 2023, counsel for the Company responded to the Demand Letter, denying that any breach occurred or that Alta is entitled to any damages Response Letter ). The Company continues to deny liability and will defend vigorously against any claims. The Company has not accrued a loss for this matter, as a loss is not probable and a loss, or range of loss, is not reasonably estimable. 
 
 Indemnifications 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, investors, directors, officers, employees, and other parties with respect to certain 
 117 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

12. 
 outstanding under a term loan secured from Cerberus Business Finance, LLC. Amortization payments of were due quarterly and, upon delivery of the prior year s audited consolidated financial statements, S1 Holdco was required to make a payment of of excess free cash flow, as defined. S1 Holdco also had a revolving line of credit, and amounts were outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest payments on the secured financing were due monthly at London InterBank Offered Rate LIBOR ), plus with a LIBOR floor of . Maturity for the secured financing was August 22, 2022. 
 
 Successor Debt 
 
 In connection with the Merger, Orchid Merger Sub II LLC (a subsidiary of S1 Holdco) entered into a new loan Term Loan and revolving facility Revolving Facility with Bank of America, N.A., on January 27, 2022, providing for a year term loan with a principal balance of and with the net proceeds of , of which a portion of the proceeds were used by S1 Holdco, to settle the outstanding debt of with Cerberus Business Finance, LLC. The Revolving Facility provided for borrowing availability of up to . As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding on the Revolving Facility and principal of was outstanding on the Term Loan. Through December 31, 2025, of the Term Loan is payable quarterly. From March 31, 2026, of the Term Loan is payable quarterly. The Term Loan matures in 2027. 
 
 For every interest period, the interest rate on the Term Loan is the adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR plus . The Term Loan is amortized in quarterly installments on each scheduled payment date. The Term Loan comes with a leverage covenant, which goes into effect only if the utilization on the Revolving Facility exceeds of the Revolving Facility at each quarter-end starting from the first full quarter after the effective date of the Merger, such that the first lien leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) should not exceed . The facility has certain financial and nonfinancial covenants, including a leverage ratio. The facility also requires that the Company delivers its audited consolidated financial statements to its lender within days of its fiscal year end, December 31. Should the Company fail to distribute the financial statements to its lender within days, it is allowed an additional days to cure. 
 
 As of June 1, 2023, the Company had not delivered audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to Bank of America as required by the covenants of the Term Loan. The failure to timely deliver the audited financial statements is an event of default under the Term Loan and provides Bank of America the ability to immediately call the outstanding principal balances of the Term Loan and Revolving Facility of , as of the date of this filing, at the request of, or with the consent of, the required majority of lenders until such time that the audited financial statements are delivered to Bank of America. The Company does not have sufficient liquidity to settle the outstanding principal balances should they be called, nor has the Company identified sufficient alternative sources of capital. As a result, this matter raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Upon delivery of the audited financial statements by the Company, the event of default will be remediated and, once remediated, Bank of America will no longer have the ability to call the outstanding principal balances on the Term Loan and Revolving Facility. 
 
 118 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 with an adjusted Term SOFR floor of . In March 2022, the Company borrowed under its Revolving Facility, to fund a portion of the purchase price related to its CouponFollow acquisition. In October 2022, the Company borrowed the remaining available. As of December 31, 2022 (Successor), was outstanding on the Revolving Facility. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total future minimum principal payment Less: current portion ) Long-term portion 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 loan fees amounting to for the Term Loan have been recorded as a reduction of the carrying amount of the debt and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 
 and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. 

13. 
 
 from the completion of the Merger, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 The Company is not obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and has no obligation to settle such Public Warrants exercises unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. Warrants are exercisable and the Company is obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of each Warrant, as the Warrants have been registered with the SEC. 
 
 The Company is obligated to use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. If the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not maintained, Warrant holders may exercise Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if the Company's Class A common stock is, at the time of any exercise of a Warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the 
 119 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 . The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 
 
 Redemption of Warrants when the Price per Class A common stock equals or exceeds The Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 
 
 in whole and not in part; 
 
 at a price of per Public Warrant; 
 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and 
 
 if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before sending the notice of redemption to warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). 
 
 If and when the Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. However, the Company will not redeem the Warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the underlying shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the -day redemption period. 
 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A common stock equals or exceeds Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants: 
 
 in whole and not in part; 
 
 at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the exhibit in the report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 31, 2022, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A common stock; 
 
 if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A common stock Equals or Exceeds equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and 
 
 if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently -called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 
 
 The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be 
 120 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 days after the completion of the Merger, subject to certain limited exceptions, and (y) the Private Placement Warrants were exercisable on a cashless basis. 
 
 The Public and Private Placement Warrants are accounted for as liabilities and marked-to-market at each reporting period, with changes in fair value included as change in fair value of warrant liabilities on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 shares of the Company's Class A common stock. There are no outstanding Private Placement Warrants as of December 31, 2022 (Successor). Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, Public Warrant holders exercised warrants for cash resulting in total proceeds paid to the Company of . The total outstanding Public Warrants as of December 31, 2022 was . 

14. 

December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) Level 3 Former CEO equity interest Contingent consideration Total 
 
 The fair value of the Public Warrants has been estimated using the Public Warrants quoted market price. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was estimated using the Public Warrants quoted market price. All Private Placement Warrants were exercised in April 2022. 
 
 The fair value of the former CEO of S1 Holdco's equity profits interest was determined with an option pricing model and utilizing significant unobservable inputs for a discount for lack of marketability and projected financial information. The fair value contingent consideration was determined with an option pricing model and contains significant unobservable inputs for projected financial information. 

121 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

Settlements ) Change in fair value Fair value of liabilities at December 31, 2021 (Predecessor) and January 26, 2022 (Predecessor) Fair value of liabilities at January 27, 2022 (Successor) Additions Settlements ) ) Change in fair value Fair value of liabilities at December 31, 2022 (Successor) 
 
 Former CEO equity profits interest as further described in executive compensation Note 8 ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES . 
 
 The total impact of the changes in fair values related to contingent consideration and the former CEO's equity profits interest in S1 Holdco are included in selling, general and administrative expenses, and salaries, other compensation and benefits expenses, respectively on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. There were no transfers in or out of levels during the period January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 (Predecessor), the period January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor), or for the year ended December 31, 2021 (Predecessor). 
 
 Nonfinancial Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

15. 

122 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) n/a n/a Numerator: Net loss attributable to System1, Inc. ) n/a n/a Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding used in computing basic net loss per share (shares in thousands) n/a n/a Basic and diluted net income (loss) per unit n/a Numerator: Net income (loss) n/a ) Denominator: Weighted-average membership units outstanding - basic and diluted (units in thousands) n/a 
 
 Shares of Class C common stock, RSUs and Public Warrants outstanding for the period January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor) are considered potentially dilutive of the shares of Class A common stock and are included in the computation of diluted loss per share, except when the effect would be anti-dilutive. For the periods presented in the table above, a total of Public Warrants were excluded from the computation of net loss per share as the impact was anti-dilutive. 

16. 
 123 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

business lines, operating segments and reportable segments: Owned and Operated Advertising, Partner Network, and Subscription. R efer to Note 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES for additional information regarding our revenue generating activities. 
 
 Partner Network Subscription Total revenue 
 
 The following table summarizes adjusted gross profit by reportable segments: 
 
 Successor Predecessor Period from January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Period from January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Owned and Operated Advertising Partner Network Subscription Adjusted gross profit Other cost of revenues Salaries and benefits Selling, general, and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Interest expense Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Income (loss) before income tax ) ) 

124 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 United Kingdom Other countries Total revenue 
 
 Subscription Total 
 
 The following table summarizes property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets by geographic region: 
 
 Successor Predecessor December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 United States Canada Other countries Total 

17. 
 
 interest in Protected for . At the time of the transaction, an investment vehicle known as Lone Investment Holdings ("LIH") was a shareholder and creditor of Protected. LIH owned of the equity of Protected, and also was a creditor for , with respect to shareholder loans for which Protected was the obligor. LIH s shareholders primarily consist of members of the Company s management team. As a result of the Merger, LIH s shareholder loan to Protected was repaid, with interest, and LIH also received in proceeds from the sale of its equity. 
 
 Additionally, during 2021, S1 Holdco extended a loan of to its former CEO in connection with his separation agreement. In January 2022, in conjunction with the consummation of the Merger, the loan was repaid in full. 
 
 Protected.net utilizes multiple payment processors in order to process credit card payments from its subscription customers, including Paysafe Financial Services Limited Paysafe ). In March 2021 Paysafe completed a merger with Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. II Foley Trasimene ), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by entities affiliated with William Foley, who was also a sponsor of Trebia Acquisition Corp. and is a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Protected.net s payment processing agreement with Paysafe was negotiated before the announcements of both (i) the Merger as well as (ii) the business combination between Paysafe and Foley 
 125 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 as of December 31, 2022 (Successor). Payment processing fees related to Paysafe incurred subsequent to the Merger of are included in cost of revenues (excluding depreciation and amortization) on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The Company has agreements with JDI Property Holdings Limited JDI ), an entity controlled by a director of the Company, which allows for the Company to occupy desks at JDI s property in such a place as JDI specifies from time to time in exchange for GBP per month. The agreements with JDI expire on October 31, 2026. Additionally, the Company utilizes a JDI credit card and the Company reimburses JDI monthly. The amount owed to JDI was immaterial as of December 31, 2022 (Successor). 
 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company, Protected.net and Just Develop It Limited JDIL ), an entity controlled by a director of the Company, entered into a Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement (the Waiver pursuant to which JDIL agreed to waive its right to the Year 3 Stock Bonus Pool (as such term is defined in the BCA), consisting of of Class A common stock payable in January 2024 and as set forth in Section 12.11(a) of the BCA dated June 28, 2021 (as amended), by and among S1 Holdco, Protected and the other parties signatory thereto in exchange for in cash payable in four ) quarterly installments of each, commencing on August 30, 2022 and on each three ) month anniversary thereafter. 
 
 In connection with entering into the Waiver, the Company entered into one ) year contractual lockup agreements with each of Christopher Phillips, a member of the Board of Directors of the Company and the controlling shareholder of JDIL (on behalf of himself and JDIL), pursuant to which Mr. Phillips and JDIL agreed not to sell each their shares of Class A common stock for from September 1, 2022 through August 30, 2023 (the Lockup Period provided that Mr. Phillips and JDIL may sell Class A common stock, among other exceptions, at any time during the Lockup Period at prices equal to or in excess of per share. 
 
 On April 10, 2023, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC Orchid Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Revolving Note (the 2023 Revolving Note with certain trusts that were established for the benefit of the Company's co-founders. R efer to Note 20 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS for additional discussion. 

18. 
 
 126 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 -for-one basis, following the consummation of the Merger, once the volume-weighted average price ("VWAP") of the Post-Closing Company exceeded per share (adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty ) trading days within a period of thirty ) consecutive trading days before the fifth anniversary of the consummation of the Merger. All shares of Class D Common Stock converted to Class A Common Stock in the period ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 Repurchase Program 
 
 In August 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized up to for the repurchase of the Company's Class A common stock and Public Warrants (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate purchase price of under the 2022 Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, all repurchased shares were constructively retired. 

19. 
 upon the consummation of the Merger during the period January 1, 2022 through January 26, 2022 (Predecessor). The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of under these awards during the period January 27, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (Successor). The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense associated with these unvested Replacement Awards was a s of December 31, 2022. 
 
 When the VWAP of the Company s common stock price exceeded the threshold in March 2022 the Sponsor RSAs and Sponsor RSUs vested, and the Company recorded their conversion from Class D common stock to Class A 
 127 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 in stock-based compensation expense associated with the vesting of the Sponsor RSUs during the period January 27, 2022 through March 31, 2022 (Successor). Since these Sponsor RSAs and Sponsor RSUs had a market condition to vest, the Company estimated the fair values of these market-based RSAs and RSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 
 Expected price volatility Cost of equity Expected term (years) Fair value of Class A Common stock 
 
 The Company recorded in stock-based compensation expense for Sponsor Promote Shares during the period January 27, 2022 through March 31, 2022 (Successor). 

RSUs generally vest over , subject to the holder's continued service through the vesting date. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 ____________________ 
 Excludes the market-based RSUs and RSAs discussed above. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized stock-based compensation relating to restricted stock of approximately , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-8 covering the shares and awards issued and granted under the System1, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan ("Award Plan ). On May 10, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the issuance of replacement RSUs in connection with S1 Holdco unvested value creation units outstanding at the time of the Merger, pursuant to the terms of the BCA and an additional RSUs from the authorized Award Plan pool of shares. 
 
 Protected.net Incentive Plan 
 128 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

payable in fully-vested shares of the Company s Class A common stock. If the last twelve months ("LTM") Cash EBITDA (as defined in the BCA) of the Protected.net business exceeds on or prior to December 31, 2023, a bonus pool of payable in fully-vested shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the 2023 Award shall be allocated to eligible recipients as of December 31, 2023. Shares under the 2023 Award will be issued to eligible recipients within days of December 31, 2023. Further, if the LTM Cash EBITDA of the Protected.net business exceeds on or prior to December 31, 2024, an additional bonus pool of also payable in fully-vested shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the 2024 Award shall be allocated to eligible recipients as of December 31, 2024. Shares under the 2024 Award will be issued to eligible recipients within days of December 31, 2024. The number of shares payable under the 2023 Award and the 2024 Award will be determined based on the volume-weighted average price of the Company s Class A common stock over the consecutive trading days preceding the trading days prior to the applicable settlement dates. The distribution of shares to eligible recipients for both the 2023 Award and the 2024 Award shall be at the sole discretion of the Protected.net CEO, or the System1, Inc. Board if the Protected.net CEO is no longer employed by the Company. On August 30, 2022, the Company modified the 2023 Award to change this award from a bonus payable in fully-vested shares of the Company's Class A common stock to a cash payment settleable in four equal quarterly cash installments beginning upon the modification of the 2023 Award. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized for the 2023 Award, within Salaries and benefits expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 On June 1, 2023, the Company further modified the 2023 Award, deferring the last quarterly cash installment of such that was due on May 30, 2023, is due on July 1, 2023, and providing additional cash bonus payments of up to , due on October 1, 2023 (the "October Payment") and due on the first of each month of November 2023 through February 2024 (together the "Remaining Payments"). All of the payments due under this modification are conditioned upon the members of the Protected senior management (i) entering into employment agreements that include certain protective covenants in favor of Protected and (ii) remaining employed by Protected (other than as a result of a termination without cause) through all applicable payment dates. The October Payment and the Remaining Payments are conditioned upon the Protected business (x) not exceeding certain trailing three-month customer acquisition marketing spending caps or (y) achieving certain monthly (or trailing twelve-month) minimum EBITDA thresholds. 
 
 Although the LTM Cash EBITDA target for the 2024 Award has not been met, the Company determined that it was probable of achievement, and accordingly, it recorded pro rata portions of the payable for this award. or , within salaries and benefits expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation has been recorded as current and non-current Protected.net Incentive Plan liabilities within the consolidated balance sheet . The remaining liability for the modified 2023 Award will be recorded over the remaining service period with graded vesting attribution for each quarterly installm ent. The remaining liability for the 2024 Award will be recorded over the remaining service period to the extent that management determines that the achievement of the LTM Cash EBITDA target and issuance of the Series A common stock is considered probable. 
 
 CouponFollow Incentive Plan 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of CouponFollow described in Note 4 ACQUISITIONS , which was consummated on March 4, 2022, the Company approved and adopted the CouponFollow Incentive Plan, which includes CouponFollow s key employees, including CouponFollow s founder Principal Participant and together collectively the Participants ). The CouponFollow Incentive Plan provides for total payments of payable at the Company s option in cash or in fully-vested shares of the Company s Class A common stock, consisting of a fixed amount of and contingent amounts of , which can be earned over a three calendar year period 
 129 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 (the Fixed Amount in three substantially equal pro rata installment payments (as set forth in each Participant s applicable award agreement) within days of the end of each Performance Period. 
 
 Tier 1 Target. If, during any of the Performance Periods, the CouponFollow business achieves the first tier TTM EBITDA (as defined in the CouponFollow Incentive Plan) for the first time (the Tier 1 Target ), the Company will pay a total of (the Tier 1 Amount in substantially equal pro rata amounts (as set forth in each Participant s applicable award agreement) at the times in the table set forth below. 
 
 Tier 2 Target. If, during any of the Performance Periods, the CouponFollow business achieves the second tier TTM EBITDA for the first time (the Tier 2 Target ), the Company will pay an additional (the Tier 2 Amount in substantially equal pro rata amounts (as set forth in each Participant s applicable award agreement) at the times in the table set forth below. 
 
 Tier 3 Target. If, during any of the Performance Periods, the CouponFollow business achieves the third tier TTM EBITDA for the first time (the Tier 3 Target and together with the Tier 1 Target and Tier 2 Target, collectively the Targets ), the Company will pay an additional (the Tier 3 Amount and together with the Tier 1 Amount and the Tier 2 Amount, collectively the Tier Amounts in substantially equal pro rata amounts (as set forth in each Participant s applicable award agreement) at the times in the table set forth below. 
 
 Dec. 31, 2023 Dec. 31, 2024 Payments for each applicable Performance Period are paid within calendar days of the end of the applicable Performance Period. 
 If the Tier 1 Amount is not achieved in the first Performance Period but is achieved in the second Performance Period, the Tier 1 Amount for the first Performance Period shall be paid out at the end of the second Performance Period and if achieved in the third Performance period the full amount will be paid at the end of the third Performance Period. If the Tier 2 Amount is not achieved in the second Performance Period but is achieved in the third Performance Period, the Tier 2 Amount will be paid at the end of the third Performance Period. If the Tier 2 Amount or the Tier 3 Amount is achieved in the first Performance Period, such Tier Amounts shall be paid as noted in the table above. 
 
 If a Participant s continued employment is terminated prior to applicable payment date(s), with the exception of the Principal Participant as discussed above, the Company will reverse all prior liabilities for their pro rata share of any Tier Amounts associated with that Participant. If the Company elects to settle the payment obligations with respect to any Tier Amount in shares of the Company s Class A common stock, the number of shares payable under the CouponFollow Incentive Plan will be determined based on the VWAP of the Company s Class A common stock 
 130 

System1, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollars, number of shares and number of units in thousands, except for per share or per unit amounts) 

 trading day period immediately preceding the respective settlement date, but in any event, shall be capped at shares of the Company s Class A common stock in the aggregate. Any amount over the maximum number of shares is to be settled in cash. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has determined that it was not probable that the CouponFollow business would achieve any of the Targets during the Performance Periods, and accordingly, it did not record a liability for any of the Tier Amounts set forth in the CouponFollow Incentive Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized for the Fixed Amount, within Salaries and benefits expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, which was settled in shares during 2023. 
 
 Stock-Based Award Plan 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock options, stock appreciation rights, and other stock-based and cash-based awards under its 2022 Incentive Award Plan. The number of shares authorized for grant is subject to increase each year on January 1, equal to the lesser of (a) a number of shares equal to of the aggregate number of common stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (b) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the board of directors. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares authorized for grant under the Company s 2016 Incentive Award Plan was increased by million shares in accordance with plan provisions. 

20. 
 
 Revolving Note (the 2023 Revolving Note with Lone Star Friends Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Stanley Blend, Lone Star and CEE Holding Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Jackson Hole Trust Company, CEE , and together with Lone Star, collectively, the Lenders and each, a Lender ), which are trusts established for the benefit of Michael Blend (Chief Executive Officer, co-founder and stockholder) and Charles Ursini (co-founder and stockholder), respectively, in a private transaction approved by the independent and non-interested members of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Each Lender provided a commitment for an aggregate principal of under the 2023 Revolving Note to Orchid Sub on a several but not joint basis (each, a Commitment and, collectively, the Commitments ). As of the date of this filing, the outstanding principal balance on the 2023 Revolving Note was and the available balance was . 
 
 Any borrowed loan amounts outstanding under the 2023 Revolving Note accrue interest at the rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus . Orchid Sub may borrow amounts under the 2023 Revolving Note in increments of , and may prepay any amounts borrowed at any time without penalty or interest (other than applicable breakage costs, if any). The Company may borrow up to its commitment amount, and may reuse the loan again after the balance has been paid down. The final maturity date under the 2023 Revolving Note is July 10, 2024. The Lenders are also entitled to (i) an unused commitment fee equal to per annum of the actual daily amount of total unfunded Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Note during the period from the closing date to the maturity date, payable quarterly in arrears and (ii) a closing fee equal to of each Lender s Commitment under the 2023 Revolving Note, payable within days of April 10, 2023. In addition, Orchid Sub agreed to reimburse the Lenders for their reasonable and documented costs expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, documentation and execution of the 2023 Revolving Note. As of the date of this filing, the available balance under the 2023 Revolving Note was . 
 
 Refer to NOTE 19 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION for details of modifications made to the Protected Incentive Plan on June 1, 2023. 
 
 131 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 
 132 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the reports required to be filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. 
 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 The material weaknesses identified were as follows: 
 
 We did not design and maintain an effective control environment commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. Specifically, we lacked a sufficient number of professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters timely and accurately. Additionally, the limited personnel resulted in an inability to consistently establish appropriate authorities and responsibilities in pursuit of financial reporting objectives, as demonstrated by, among other things, insufficient segregation of duties in our finance and accounting functions. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls in response to the risks of material misstatement. Specifically, changes to existing controls or the implementation of new controls have not been sufficient to respond to changes to the risks of material misstatement to financial reporting. 
 
 These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses: 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls to timely analyze and record the financial statement effects from acquisitions. Specifically, we did not design and maintain effective controls over the (i) application of U.S. GAAP to such transactions, including accounting for post-combination compensation arrangements, (ii) review of the inputs and assumptions used in the measurement of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including discounted cash flow analysis to value acquired intangible assets at an appropriate level of precision, (iii) the tax impacts of acquisitions to the financial statements, and (iv) 
 133 

conforming of U.S. GAAP and accounting policies of acquired entities to that of the Company. In addition, we did not design and maintain effective controls relating to the oversight and ongoing recording of the financial statement results of the acquired businesses. 
 We did not design and maintain formal accounting policies, procedures and controls to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures, including controls over the preparation and review of business performance reviews, account reconciliations and journal entries, and (ii) maintaining appropriate segregation of duties. Additionally, we did not design and maintain controls over the classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, including the statement of cash flows. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the completeness and accuracy of accrued liabilities, stock-based compensation and equity transactions. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accuracy and valuation of goodwill, including the allocation of goodwill to reporting units and the identification and measurement of goodwill impairment. 
 
 These material weaknesses resulted in the restatement of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements: as of March 31, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor period from January 27, 2022 to March 31, 2022; as of June 30, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor periods for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and from January 27, 2022 to June 30, 2022; and as of September 30, 2022 and for the predecessor period from January 1, 2022 to January 26, 2022 and for the successor periods for the three months ended September 30, 2022 and from January 27, 2022 to September 30, 2022. These material weaknesses also resulted in immaterial misstatements to substantially all of the S1 Holdco, LLC accounts, which were recorded prior to the issuance of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 and for the years then ended; as of March 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the three-month periods then ended; as of June 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the six-month periods then ended; and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the nine-month periods then ended. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over the accounting for complex financial instruments, including the impact of these instruments on earnings per share. 
 
 This material weakness also resulted in a material misstatement of the Trebia warrant liabilities, change in the fair value of the Trebia warrant liabilities, forward purchase agreement liabilities, change in the fair value of the forward purchase agreement liabilities, classification of redeemable shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with Trebia s initial public offering, additional paid-in-capital, accumulated deficit, earnings per share, and related financial disclosures of Trebia Acquisition Corp. as of December 31, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, as of September 30, 2020 and for three month period ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, as of June 30, 2020 and for three month period ended June 30, 2020 and for the period from February 11, 2020 (inception) through June 30, 2020, as of March 31, 2021 and for three month period ended March 31, 2021. This material weakness also resulted in material adjustments relating to the Trebia forward purchase agreement liabilities and repurchases of common stock impacting the accumulated deficit and additional paid-in capital in the opening balance sheet as of January 27, 2022 and the earnings per share computations for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 of the Company. 
 
 Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 
 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over information technology IT general controls for information systems that are relevant to the preparation of our financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain: 
 
 i. program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting financial IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized, and implemented appropriately; 
 134 

ii. user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs, and data to appropriate Company personnel; 
 iii. computer operations controls to ensure that critical batch jobs are monitored and data backups are authorized and monitored; and 
 iv. testing and approval controls for program development to ensure that new software development is aligned with business and IT requirements. 
 
 These IT deficiencies did not result in a material misstatement to the financial statements; however, the deficiencies, when aggregated, could impact the effectiveness of IT-dependent controls (such as automated controls that address the risk of material misstatement to one or more assertions, along with the IT controls and underlying data that support the effectiveness of system-generated data and reports) that could result in misstatements potentially impacting all financial statement accounts and disclosures that would not be prevented or detected. Accordingly, we have determined these IT deficiencies in the aggregate constitute a material weakness. 
 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by SEC rules and regulations for newly public companies. We are not required to have, or to engage our independent registered public accounting firm to perform, an audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act. 

Remediation plan for the material weaknesses 
 
 We are in the process of, and we are focused on, designing and implementing effective measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Our remediation efforts to address the identified material weaknesses are ongoing. Our efforts include a number of actions: 
 
 Hiring additional senior level accounting personnel with applicable technical accounting knowledge, training and experience in accounting matters, supplemented by third-party resources; 
 Designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills and experience and designing and implementing controls over segregation of duties; 
 Engaging an accounting advisory firm to assist with the documentation, evaluation, remediation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission; 
 Engaging third-party experts to assist with the preparation of technical accounting analyses and valuations associated with business combinations; 
 Designing and implementing controls related to accounting for acquisitions and other technical accounting and financial reporting matters, including controls over the preparation and review of accounting memoranda addressing these matters, valuations and key assumptions utilized in the valuations, tax impacts, and ongoing recording of the financial statement results of the acquired businesses; 
 Designing and implementing formal accounting policies, procedures and controls supporting our period-end financial reporting process, including controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations and journal entries, business performance reviews, foreign exchange gains/losses for intercompany transactions, and classification and presentation of accounts and disclosures, including the statement of cash flows; 
 Designing and implementing controls over the completeness and accuracy of accrued liabilities, stock-based compensation and equity transactions; 
 Designing and implementing controls related to accounting for complex financial instruments, including the earnings per share impacts; 
 Designing and implementing controls over the accuracy and valuation of goodwill, including the allocation of goodwill to reporting units and the identification and measurement of goodwill impairment; 
 Implementing an enhanced enterprise resource planning software for automation and enforcing segregation of duties across the organization; and 
 Designing and implementing IT general controls, including controls over change management, the review and update of user access rights and privileges, controls over batch jobs and data backups, and program development approvals and testing. 
 135 

While we believe that these efforts will improve our internal control over financial reporting, remediation of the material weaknesses will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles. Therefore, these material weaknesses have not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 On June 1, 2023, the Company further modified the 2023 Award of the Protected Incentive Plan, deferring the last quarterly cash installment of 10,000 such that 5,000 was due on May 30, 2023, 5,000 is due on July 1, 2023, and providing additional cash bonus payments of up to 10,000, 6,000 due on October 1, 2023 (the "October Payment") and 1,000 due on the first of each month of November 2023 through February 2024 (together the "Remaining Payments"). All of the payments due under this modification are conditioned upon the members of the Protected senior management (i) entering into employment agreements that include certain protective covenants in favor of Protected and (ii) remaining employed by Protected (other than as a result of a termination without cause) through all applicable payment dates. The October Payment and the Remaining Payments are conditioned upon the Protected business (x) not exceeding certain trailing three-month customer acquisition marketing spending caps or (y) achieving certain monthly (or trailing twelve-month) minimum EBITDA thresholds. 
 
 This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the First Amendment, which is filed as Exhibit 10.18 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 136 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors 
 
 The following table and biographical information sets forth certain information the director nominees. Such information is current as of April 20, 2023. The information presented below for each director nominee includes the specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led us to the conclusion that such director should be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors in light of our business. 
 
 Name Age Position Director Since Michael Blend 55 Director 2013 John Civantos 55 Director 2022 Frank R. Martire, Jr. 75 Director 2022 Moujan Kazerani 47 Director 2022 Christopher Phillips 37 Director 2022 Dexter Fowler 37 Director 2022 Caroline Horn 53 Director 2022 Jennifer Prince 50 Director 2022 
 
 Michael Blend is System1 s co-founder and has served as System1 s chief executive officer since February 2021, and chairman of our Board of Directors since September 2013. Prior to System1, Mr. Blend was President/COO of Leaf Group Ltd., which he joined when Leaf Group acquired his data company, Hotkeys, in 2006. Prior to Hotkeys, Mr. Blend was vice president, corporate development for Jawbone from 2001 to 2003 and for Wedding Channel (acquired by The Knot) from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Blend currently serves on the board of directors of Nutrisystem, Inc. and Protected.net, and has previously served on the board of directors of leading digital marketing and technology companies, including Dynata, Data Axle, among others. Mr. Blend was also the chairman of the board of Stuff Media from 2016 until it was acquired by iHeart Media in 2018. Mr. Blend was the EY National Entrepreneur of the Year for Media, Entertainment Communications in 2018, together with System1 s other co-founder, Charles Ursini. Mr. Blend received his JD from The University of Chicago, and holds a bachelor s degree in mathematics from Duke University. We believe Mr. Blend is qualified to serve on the System1 Board of Directors because of his extensive business and leadership experience in the digital advertising and technology industries. 
 John Civantos has been a member of our Board of Directors since February 2022. Mr. Civantos has been a Senior Partner at Avance Investment Management since April 2022. From August 2020 to March 2022, Mr. Civantos served as Co-Head of Private Capital Group at MSD Partners, L.P. Prior to MSD Partners, Mr. Civantos served as a Managing Partner and was a member of the Investment Committee at Court Square Capital Partners, a U.S. middle market private equity firm, where he worked from April 2004 to March 2019. At Court Square Capital Partners, Mr. Civantos was primarily involved in the firm s efforts investing in the Business Services and Technology sectors. Mr. Civantos received his BA from Duke University and his MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He also holds an M.A. in International Affairs from the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. We believe Mr. Civantos is qualified to serve on the System1 Board of Directors because of his extensive financial experience. 
 Frank R. Martire, Jr. has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. Mr. Martire has served as the Executive Chairman of NCR Corporation since May 2018. Previously, Mr. Martire served as Executive Chairman of FIS from January 2017 to May 2018, Executive Chairman of FIS from January 2015 to Decemebr 2016, and chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer of FIS from April 2012 to January 2016. Mr. Martire joined FIS as President and Chief Executive Officer after its acquisition of Metavante in October 2009, where he had served as chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer since January 2003. Mr. Martire served as 
 137 

President and Chief Operating Officer of Call Solutions, Inc. from 2001 to 2003 and president and Chief Operating Officer, Financial Institution Systems and Services Group of Fiserv from 1991 to 2001. He has also served on the boards of Cannae Holdings, Inc. since November 2017 and Foley Trasimene since May 2020. Mr. Martire received a master's degree in finance from the University of New Haven and a bachelor's degree in economics from Sacred Heart University. Mr. Martire was nominated for appointment to the Board as one of Cannae Holdings two permitted designees to serve on the Company s Board pursuant to the Shareholders Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022 (the Shareholders Agreement ), by and among the (it) Company, (ii) Trasimene Trebia, L.P. and BGPT Trebia LP (the Trebia Sponsors"), (iii) Cannae Holdings, Inc. Cannae Holdings and, together with the Trebia Sponsors, the Trebia Investors ), (iv) Michael Blend, (v) Chuck Ursini, (vi) Nick Baker and (vii) Just Develop It Ltd. JDI and, together with Messrs. Blend, Ursini and Baker, the Founder Shareholders ). We believe Mr. Martire is qualified to serve on the System1 Board because of his extensive leadership experience at public companies. 
 
 Moujan Kazerani has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. She has been a Founding Partner of Stibel Investments since co-founding it in December 2010, and Bryant Stibel since co-founding it in November 2013. Previously, Ms. Kazerani served as General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer Head of HR and Culture at Dun Bradstreet Credibility Corporation and later as Leader of Global Corporate Strategy for D B from September 2010 to July 2017. Prior to D B, Ms. Kazerani served as General Counsel Secretary at Zag.com which launched and merged with TrueCar, Inc. from November 2006 to September 2010 and advised on the company s compensation and audit committees of the board. Ms. Kazerani started her career as a corporate associate at Gibson, Dunn Crutcher LLP. Ms. Kazerani currently serves on the board of directors of RingDNA, and Tailwind International Acquisition Corp. where she also serves on its audit committee. She received her JD from The UCLA School of Law and holds a bachelor s degree in psychology from U.C. Berkeley. We believe Ms. Kazerani is qualified to serve on the System1 Board because of her substantial operational and executive experience. 
 Christopher Phillips has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. He is a co-founder of Protected.net and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since May 2016 and served as a director from May 2016 until Protected.net's acquisition by System1 in January 2022. In addition, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Just Develop It since he co-founded it in 2008. Previously, Mr. Phillips was Chief Executive Officer and Director of WZUK, a global provider of websites and web hosting. He held both positions from April 2014 until the company was sold to Endurance International Group in July 2017. From January 2011 to January 2015, Mr. Phillips served as Chief Executive Officer of JDI Backup, a leading provider of cloud storage services. We believe Mr. Phillips is qualified to serve on the System1 Board because of his business and leadership experience. 
 
 Dexter Fowler has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. Mr. Fowler was an American professional baseball outfielder who played in 14 Major League Baseball (MLB) seasons, most recently with the Los Angeles Angels, before retiring in 2023. Prior to the Angels, Mr. Fowler played for the St. Louis Cardinals from April 2017 to October 2020, for the Chicago Cubs from April 2015 to October 2016 and before that for the Houston Astros from April 2014 to October 2014. Mr. Fowler began his MLB career with the Colorado Rockies in 2004. Mr. Fowler also represented the United States in the 2008 Summer Olympics, as a member of the United States national baseball team. Mr. Fowler also served on the board of directors of Austerliz Acquisition Corporation I, a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company. We believe Mr. Fowler is qualified to serve on the System1 Board of Directors because of his professional experience and experience in serving public company boards of directors. 
 Caroline Horn has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. Ms. Horn has been a Partner of Andreessen Horowitz since April 2012 where she provides strategic advice to portfolio founders and CEOs on how to assess, hire, develop and retain the best executive talent. Additionally, Ms. Horn has served as an advisor at Strava since April 2014 where she provides strategic advice on hiring and people related issues. Previously, Ms. Horn served as an Executive Recruiting Manager and Executive Recruiter for Global Leadership for Google, Inc. (NYSE: GOOGL) from September 2004 to April 2012. Ms. Horn holds a bachelor s degree in Anthropology from Dartmouth College. We believe Ms. Horn is qualified to serve on the System1 Board of Directors because of her leadership experience and expertise in company scaling and technology sectors. 
 
 Jennifer Prince has served as a member of our Board of Directors since January 2022. Ms. Prince is the Chief Commercial Officer of the Los Angeles Rams, an American football team in the National Football League, a 
 138 

position that she has held since December 2021. From December 2020 through December 2021 Ms. Prince served as the global VP and head of global content partnerships for Twitter, where she led the social network s worldwide efforts engaging with media entities and individual creators since 2013. Prior to Twitter, Ms. Prince was head of industry for film and television at Google and head of media and entertainment at YouTube from April 2011 to August 2013. Ms. Prince was also SVP of advertising at Demand Media from June 2007 to April 2011. Ms. Prince currently serves on the board of directors of Versus Systems Inc., Hershey Entertainment Resorts Company and Ghostcast Inc. Ms. Prince holds a bachelor s degree in communications from U.C. Santa Barbara. We believe Ms. Prince is qualified to serve on the System1 Board of Directors because of her substantial leadership experience and media expertise. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 Below is biographical information for each of our current executive officers as of April 20, 2023, other than Michael Blend and Christopher Phillips (whose biographical information are shown above). Each executive officer serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Name Age Position Michael Blend 
 55 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Christopher Phillips 37 Chief Executive Officer of Protected.net Group Limited 
 Brian Coppola 
 50 Chief Product Officer Tridivesh Kidambi 
 41 Chief Financial Officer Jennifer Robinson 
 45 Chief Technology Officer Elizabeth Sestanovich 
 59 Chief People Officer Daniel Weinrot 
 49 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 Brian Coppola has been System1 s chief product officer since June 2019, and previously served as System1 s vice president and then executive vice president of product since October 2015. Prior to System1, Mr. Coppola was the senior vice president of product at Amobee from 2013 to 2015, which he joined via SingTel s acquisition of Adconion Direct in 2014. Mr. Coppola holds a bachelor s degree in finance from Loyola Marymount University. 
 Tridivesh Kidambi has been System1 s chief financial officer since 2016. Prior to System1, Mr. Kidambi was the executive vice president, finance analytics of TV Time from October 2015 to 2016, chief financial officer of EZ Texting from 2014 to 2015, and vice president, finance at Leaf Group Ltd. from 2007 to 2014. Mr. Kidambi currently serves on the board of directors of Protected.net. Mr. Kidambi received his MBA from Claremont Graduate University s Drucker School of Management, and holds a bachelor s degree in economics and mathematics from Claremont McKenna College. 
 Jennifer Robinson has been System1 s chief technology officer since May 2021. Prior to System1, Ms. Robinson was executive vice president, product technology at Zefr, Inc., a contextual advertising company powered by patented machine learning technology from 2019 to 2021, where she led the product and tech organization. Prior to Zefr, Ms. Robinson was the chief technology officer at AwesomenessTV (now a ViacomCBS company) from 2015 to 2018, where she led technology strategy and development. Ms. Robinson received her MBA from NYU s Stern School of Business, and holds a bachelor s degree in computer science from The University of Chicago. 
 Elizabeth Sestanovich has been System1 s chief people officer since June 2021, and previously served as System1 s chief operations officer beginning in August 2016. Prior to System1, Ms. Sestanovich was the founding partner and principal of Summit Advisors, a management consulting and advisory firm, from 2014 to 2016, and the chief executive officer and group publisher of the LA Weekly OC Weekly from 2002 to 2013. Ms. Sestanovich also held senior management positions at Carsdirect.com and The Los Angeles Times from 1993 to 2002. Ms. Sestanovich received her Master s in psychology and organizational behavior from Pepperdine University, and holds a bachelor s degree in psychology with a minor in economics from UCLA. 
 139 

Daniel Weinrot has been System1 s general counsel since January 2018. Prior to System1, Mr. Weinrot was general counsel and deputy general counsel at Leaf Group Ltd., a diversified digital media and marketplaces company, from 2010 to 2018, and deputy general counsel at Las Vegas Sands Corp, a leading international developer of integrated casino resorts, from 2006 to 2010. Mr. Weinrot started his career as a corporate associate at Latham Watkins LLP in Los Angeles in 2000. Mr. Weinrot received his J.D. from The UCLA School of Law, and holds a bachelor s degree in political economy from U.C. Berkeley. 
 Delinquent Section 16(A) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our Common Stock to file initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such person. 
 Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us, and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater-than-10 stockholders during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, except (i) due to administrative errors, each of the following filed one late Form 4 to correct the nature of ownership and amount of securities acquired in connection with the consummation of the Merger: Michael Blend (one transaction), Moujan Kazerani (two transactions), Brian Coppola (three transactions), Paul Filsinger (three transactions) Tridives h Kidambi (four transactions), Jennifer Robinson (one transaction), Elizabeth Sestanovich (one transaction) Christopher Phillips (three transactions) and Just Develop It Limited (one transaction) and (ii) due to administrative delays in obtaining EDGAR filing codes, each of the following individuals filed one late Form 3 in connection with the consummation of the Merger: Stanley Blend, Lone Star Friends Trust and JDI AFH Limited. 
 Material Changes to the Procedures by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Board of Directors 
 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board approved and adopted amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws ). The Bylaws address the universal proxy rules adopted by the SEC by clarifying that no person may solicit proxies in support of a director nominee other than the Board s nominees unless such person has complied with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, as amended, including the applicable notice and solicitation requirements. Additionally, the Bylaws enhance procedural mechanics and disclosure requirements in connection with stockholder nominations of directors and submissions of proposals regarding other business at stockholder meetings, including requiring additional background information and disclosures regarding proposing stockholders, proposed nominees and business, and other persons related to a stockholder s solicitation of proxies. 
 Code of Ethics and Conduct 
 We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct that applies to all employees, including employees of our subsidiaries, as well as each member of our Board of Directors. The code of ethics and business conduct is available at our website at https://ir.system1.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx . 
 We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address specified above. 
 Audit committee 
 Our audit committee consists of Frank R. Martire, Jr., Moujan Kazerani and Jennifer Prince, with Mr. Frank R. Martire, Jr. serving as chair. Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the NYSE rules require that our Audit Committee be composed entirely of independent members. Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that Mr. Martire, Jr., Mrs. Kazerani and Ms. Prince each meet the definition of independent director for purposes of serving on the Audit Committee under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the NYSE rules. Each member of our Audit Committee also meets the financial literacy requirements of NYSE listing standards. In addition, our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Martire qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our audit committee held 7 meetings in 2022. 
 140 

Our audit committee is responsible for, among other things: 
 selecting and hiring our independent auditors, and approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditors; 
 assisting the board of directors in evaluating the qualifications, performance, and independence of our independent auditors; 
 assisting the board of directors in monitoring the quality and integrity of our financial statements and our accounting and financial reporting; 
 assisting the board of directors in monitoring our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 
 assisting the board of directors in monitoring the performance of our internal audit function; 
 monitoring the performance of our internal audit function; 
 reviewing with management and our independent auditors our annual and quarterly financial statements; 
 establishing procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters and the confidential, anonymous submission by our employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; and 
 preparing the audit committee report that the rules and regulations of the SEC require to be included in our annual proxy statement. 
 Our audit committee also reviews the related party transaction policy described under Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Our audit committee operates under a written charter which is available on our website at https://ir.system1.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. 
 Compensation committee 
 Our compensation committee operates under a written charter which is available on our website at https://ir.system1.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. 
 Nominating and corporate governance committee 
 Our nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter which is available on our website at https://ir.system1.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. 
 Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 Our Board adopted written corporate governance guidelines (the Corporate Governance Guidelines to ensure that the Board had the necessary authority and practices in place to review and evaluate our business operations as needed and to make decisions independent of our management. The guidelines acknowledge the leadership exercised by the Board s standing committees and their chairs and are intended to serve as a flexible framework within which the Board may conduct its business. The Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the practices the Board followed with respect to board composition and selection, board meetings and involvement of senior management, Chief Executive Officer performance evaluations and succession planning, and board committees and compensation. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assisted our Board in implementing and adhering to the Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Corporate Governance Guidelines had been reviewed at least annually by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and changes were recommended to our Board as warranted. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our website at https://ir.system1.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 The Board of Directors does not have a policy regarding the separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, as the Board of Directors believes it is in the best interests of the Company to 
 141 

make that determination based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has determined that having the Company s current Chief Executive Officer serve as Chairman is the best use of the Chief Executive Officer s extensive knowledge of the Company and its industry and serves to foster greater communication between the Company s management and the Board of Directors. 
 The Company does not have a lead independent director. Instead, all of the independent directors play an active role on the Board of Directors. The independent directors make up a majority of the Board of Directors, and a majority of the independent directors are or have been leaders in industry with a history of exercising critical thought and sound judgment. At executive sessions of the independent directors no presiding director is appointed and each of the independent directors is given the opportunity to raise issues, make comments or express views. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 This section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program for our executive officers who are named in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table below. In 2022, our named executive officers and their positions were as follows: 
 
 Michael Blend, Chief Executive Officer 
 Tridivesh Kidambi, Chief Financial Officer 
 Chris Phillips, Chief Executive Officer of Protected.net Group Limited Protected UK 
 
 Mr. Phillips is employed by our subsidiary, Protected UK, as its Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Mr. Blend did not receive any cash compensation from us during 2021 or 2022. 
 
 This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt in the future may differ materially from the currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. 
 
 2022 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus )(1) Stock Awards )(2) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) All Other Compensation )(3) Total ) Michael Blend 2022 8,488,436 27,167 8,515,603 Chief Executive Officer 2021 Tridivesh Kidambi 2022 344,423 579,984 3,515,352 58,772 4,498,531 Chief Financial Officer 2021 300,000 75,000 53,585 428,585 Chris Phillips 2022 100,000 (4) 
 20,000,000 6,372,500 26,472,500 Chief Executive Officer, Protected UK 
 
 (1) Amounts reflect (i) a one-time discretionary cash bonus paid to Mr. Kidambi in 2022 in recognition of his efforts in connection with the Merger; (ii) a liquidation event bonus paid to Mr. Kidambi as a result of the Merger pursuant to a letter agreement with him; and (iii) a cash bonus paid to Mr. Phillips (through Just Develop It Limited, a company controlled by Mr. Phillips JDI )) related to the restructuring of the earn-out payable in connection with the Company s acquisition o f Protected UK. For additional information on the amounts described in this Note 1, see 2022 Cash Incentive Compensation One-Time Bonuses below. 
 
 142 

(2) Amounts reflect (i) for Mr. Kidambi, the incremental compensation expense incurred by the Company as a result of the modifi cation of the vesting schedule of the Openmail Series F Units held by him in connection with the Merger; (ii) for Messrs. Blend and Kidambi, the grant-date fair market value of fully-vested shares of Class A comm on stock issued during 2022 in respect of such executive officer s backstop obligations in connection with the Merger and (iii) for each named executive officer, the full grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted during 2022 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock awards made to our named executive officers in Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For additional information, see Equity Compensation and Equity Issuances in connection with Business Combination below. 
 
 (3) For fiscal year 2022, all other compensation consisted of: 
 
 (a) For Mr. Blend, Company payment of his health and welfare benefit plan premiums in the amount of 27,167. 
 
 (b) For Mr. Kidambi, an employer-match contribution to our 401(k) plan in the amount of 9,807; a fitness/technology stipend in the amount of 360; and cash distributions in respect of Openmail Series B Units and Series F Units in the amount of 17,396 and 31,209, respectively. 
 
 (4) In 2022, Mr. Phillips received his base salary in GBP, which was converted into USD for purposes of this 2022 Summary Compensation Table based on the exchange rate on December 31, 2022 , which was 1.2099. 

2022 Salaries 
 
 Each of our named executive officers (other than Mr. Blend) receives a base salary to compensate for services rendered to our company. The base salary payable to each named executive officer is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation reflecting and accounting for the executive s skill set, experience, role and responsibilities. Effective January 28, 2022, the base salary for Mr. Kidambi was increased from 300,000 to 350,000 to bring his salary in-line with market salaries for similarly-situated executives. Effective January 1, 2022, Mr. Phillips base salary was decreased from 1,200,000 to 100,000. The aggregate base salary amounts earned by our named executive officers for 2022 are set forth above in the Summary Compensation Table in the column entitled Salary . 
 
 2022 Cash Incentive Compensation 
 
 2022 Annual Cash Incentive Compensation 
 
 Mr. Kidambi is eligible to earn an annual cash incentive under our annual incentive program targeted at 300,000 based on our operating and financial performance, including our annual pro-forma billings-based adjusted EBITDA performance, as well as individual performance. Messrs. Blend and Phillips do not currently (and did not in 2022) participate in our annual cash incentive program. No bonuses were earned or paid to Mr. Kidambi for fiscal year 2022 under our annual incentive program. 
 
 One-Time Bonuses 
 
 On February 4, 2022, we paid a one-time bonus to Mr. Kidambi in the amount of 500,000, in recognition of his efforts in connection with the closing of the Merger. 
 
 Additionally, on February 18, 2022, we paid a one-time bonus to Mr. Kidambi in the amount of 79,984, pursuant to a letter agreement by and between Mr. Kidambi and the Company. Pursuant to such letter agreement, Mr. Kidambi was entitled to receive a cash bonus upon a liquidation event (which included the Merger) equal to the notional interest accrued on distributions in respect of certain of his Openmail units that were waived by him pursuant to the letter, subject to his continued employment through the liquidation event. 
 
 143 

Further, we paid a one-time bonus to Mr. Phillips through JDI) in the amount of 20,000,000 related to the restructuring of an earnout from the Company s acquisition of Protected UK. This bonus was paid in two equal installments on each of August 30, 2022 and November 29, 2022. 
 
 Equity Compensation 
 
 During 2022, we granted awards of restricted stock units covering Company common stock to each of our named executive officers, as described below. 
 
 Michael Blend s and Chris Phillip s Awards 
 
 On January 27, 2022, each of Mr. Blend and Chris Phillips (through an issuance to JDI) was granted an award of 725,000 restricted stock units which was scheduled to vest and become payable in shares of our common stock only if a Class D Conversion Event occurred on or prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Merger. These awards vested in full on March 17, 2022, the date on which a Class D Conversion Event occurred. For purposes of these awards, a Class D Conversion Event was defined as the earlier of: (a) the first day on which the volume weighted average price of our common stock equaled or exceeded 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty New York Stock Exchange trading days within a period of thirty consecutive New York Stock Exchange trading days; or (b) a change of control of the Company (as defined in the applicable award agreement) if the valuation of our common stock in such change of control equaled or exceeded 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). If a Class D Conversion Event did not occur on or prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing of the Merger, then the awards would have been forfeited. 
 
 These restricted stock units were issued in tandem with dividend equivalents, which represented the right to receive the equivalent value of dividends paid on shares of the common stock underlying such RSUs. Dividend equivalents are credited as of the dividend record dates that occur during the period that the restricted stock units remain outstanding, and paid if and when the restricted stock units to which the dividend equivalents relate vested and the underlying shares of our common stock were issued. 
 
 Tridivesh Kidambi s Award 
 
 On May 10, 2022, Mr. Kidambi was granted an award of 100,000 restricted stock units. The award of restricted stock units was originally scheduled to vest (or vested, as applicable) as to: (i) five percent (5 on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, (ii) three and seventy-five thousands percent (3.75 on the next four (4) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, and (iii) ten percent (10 on the next eight (8) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date thereafter, in each case, subject to Mr. Kidambi s continued service through the applicable vesting date. In February 2023, the vesting schedule of the award was amended so that the restricted stock units are now scheduled to vest (or did vest, as applicable), as to: (A) five percent (5 on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, (B) eleven and twenty-five thousandths percent (11.25 on the next four (4) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, and (C) six and twenty-five thousandths percent (6.25 on the next eight (8) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date thereafter, in each case, subject to Mr. Kidambi s continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Equity Issuances in connection with the Merger 
 
 In connection with their respective backstop obligations in the Merger, each of Messrs. Blend (through an issuance to Lone Star Friends Trust) and Kidambi were issued 235,104 shares and 16,965 shares, respectively, of fully vested Class A common stock of the Company upon the closing of the Merger. For additional information regarding such backstop obligations, see Note 3. 
 
 Other Elements of Compensation 
 
 Retirement Plans 
 144 

We currently maintain a 401(k) retirement savings plan for our employees, including our named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. We expect that our named executive officers will continue to be eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan on the same terms as other full-time employees. The Internal Revenue Code allows eligible employees to defer a portion of their compensation, within prescribed limits, on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the 401(k) plan. Currently, we match contributions made by participants in the 401(k) plan up to a specified percentage of the employee contributions, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date on which the contribution is made. We believe that providing a vehicle for tax-deferred retirement savings through our 401(k) plan, and making fully vested matching contributions without any minimum prior service period, adds to the overall desirability of our executive compensation package and further incentivizes our employees, including our named executive officers, in accordance with our compensation policies. 
 
 Employee Benefits and Perquisites 
 
 Health/Welfare Plans. All of our full-time employees, including our named executive officers, are eligible to participate in our health and welfare plans, which also cover their respective eligible dependents, including: 
 
 medical, dental and vision benefits; 
 medical and dependent care flexible spending accounts; 
 short-term and long-term disability insurance; and 
 life insurance. 
 We believe the perquisites described above are necessary and appropriate to provide a competitive compensation package to our named executive officers. 
 
 No Tax Gross-Ups 
 
 We do not make gross-up or similar payments to cover any of our named executive officers personal income taxes that may pertain to compensation or perquisites paid or provided by our company, including with respect to any taxes that may arise under or by operation of Internal Revenue Code Sections 280G or 409A. 
 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 The following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards held by Mr. Kidambi as of December 31, 2022. Neither Mr. Blend nor Mr. Phillips held any equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Awards Name Grant Date Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested )(1) Tridivesh Kidambi 2/1/2019 2/1/2019 109,955(2) 515,689 5/10/2022 1/28/2022 100,000(3) 469,000 6/17/2022 2/15/2021 3,684(4) 17,278 

(1) Amounts shown were determined by multiplying the number of shares or units shown in the table by the closing price of our common stock on December 30, 2022 (the last trading day of our last completed fiscal year) of 4.69 per share. 
 
 145 

(2) Represents Openmail Series F Units that were converted in connection with the Merger into the right to receive shares of Class A and Class C common stock of the Company, and which vested 50 upon the closing of the Merger and vested or are scheduled to vest (as applicable) with respect to the remaining 50 in eight equal installments on each of the first eight quarterly anniversaries of the closing thereafter, subject to the executive s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 (3) Represents restricted stock units that, as of December 31, 2022, were originally scheduled to vest as to (i) five percent (5 on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, (ii) three and seventy-five thousands percent (3.75 on the next four (4) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, and (iii) ten percent (10 on the next eight (8) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date thereafter, in each case, subject to the executive's continued service through the applicable vesting date. In February 2023, the vesting schedule of such award was amended such that these restricted stock units are now scheduled to vest (or did vest, as applicable) as to (i) five percent (5 on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date, (ii) eleven and twenty-five thousandths percent (11.25 on the next four (4) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, and (iii) six and twenty-five thousandths percent (6.25 on the next eight (8) quarterly anniversaries of the vesting commencement date thereafter, in each case, subject to the executive's continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 (4) Represents restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest (or did vest, as applicable) as to twenty-five percent (25 on each of the first four anniversaries of the vesting commencement date, subject to the executive's continued service through the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Executive Compensation Arrangements 
 
 During 2022, we were party to an employment agreement with Mr. Kidambi, the terms of which are summarized below. Messrs. Blend and Phillips were not a party to employment agreements with us during 2022. 
 
 Tridivesh Kidambi Employment Agreement 
 
 In 2022, we were party to an employment agreement with Mr. Kidambi, which was entered into by our predecessor entity in October 2016 and pursuant to which Mr. Kidambi serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kidambi s employment agreement sets forth the initial terms and conditions of his employment, including his initial base salary and signing bonus. Under his employment agreement, if Mr. Kidambi s employment with us is terminated without cause (as defined therein) or by Mr. Kidambi for good reason (as defined therein), he will be eligible for the following severance benefits: (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for 3 months and (ii) company-subsidized COBRA premiums for up to 6 months. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 The following individuals served as our non-employee directors in 2022: John Civantos, William Foley, Dexter Fowler, Caroline Horn, Moujan Kazerani, Frank Martire, and Jennifer Prince. We maintain a Director Compensation Program for non-employee directors of the Company (the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program ), which became effective as of February 25, 2022 and is further discussed below under Director Compensation Program . The Non-Employee Director Compensation Program provides for grants of equity awards to our non-employee directors, commencing with the Company s annual stockholders meeting for 2023 and, accordingly, our non-employee directors were not compensated under the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program for services provided during 2022. 
 
 However, we did award restricted stock units covering shares of our Class A Common Stock to our non-employee directors in fiscal year 2022. Twenty percent of the restricted stock units subject to each such award vested (or will vest, as applicable) on each quarterly anniversary of January 28, 2022 (or, for Mr. Civantos, February 25, 2022), subject to the applicable non-employee director s continued service through the applicable vesting date. Additionally, we reimbursed our non-employee directors for their reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings of the Board and its committees, as well as for certain expenses incurred in connection with attending corporate governance programs. 

146 

The table below summarizes the compensation we paid to our non-employee directors during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Name Stock Awards )(1) Total ) John Civantos 233,775 233,775 William Foley 249,360 249,360 Dexter Fowler 263,210 263,210 Caroline Horn 270,140 270,140 Moujan Kazerani 304,780 304,780 Frank Martire 332,480 332,480 Jennifer Prince 304,770 304,770 
 
 (1) Amounts reflect the full grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted during 2022 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, rather than the amounts paid to or realized by the named individual. We provide information regarding the assumptions used to calculate the value of all stock awards made to our directors in Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The aggregate unvested restricted stock units held as of December 31, 2022 by each non-employee director who was serving as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: John Civantos 9,000; William Foley 9,600; Dexter Fowler 10,134; Caroline Horn 10,400; Moujan Kazerani 11,736; Frank Martire 12,802; and Jennifer Prince 11,736. 
 
 Director Compensation Program 
 
 Going forward, eligible directors are entitled to receive equity compensation for service on the Board under the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program as follows: 
 
 1. Annual Awards. Commencing with the Company s annual stockholders meeting for 2023, the Company will grant an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 180,000 to each eligible director who is serving on the Board as of the date of the Company s annual stockholders meeting or who is initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board at such annual meeting and, in either case, who will continue to serve on the Board immediately following such annual meeting. 
 
 2. Initial Awards. For eligible directors initially elected or appointed to serve on the Board after the Company s annual stockholders meeting for the 2023 calendar year (and other than on the date of an annual meeting), the Company will grant an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 180,000, multiplied by a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is the difference between 365 and the number of days from the immediately preceding annual stockholders meeting date through the appointment or election date and (b) the denominator of which is 365. 
 
 3. Committee Awards. Commencing with the Company s annual stockholders meeting for 2023, for eligible directors serving on a committee of the Board, the Company will grant awards of restricted stock units as follows (prorated for any partial year of service): 
 
 a. Audit Committee Awards. The Company will grant an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 50,000 to the eligible director who serves as Chairperson of the Audit Committee and an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 20,000 to each eligible director who serves as a member of the Audit Committee (other than the Chairperson of the Audit Committee). 
 
 b. Compensation Committee Awards. The Company will grant an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 20,000 to the eligible director who serves as Chairperson of the Compensation Committee and an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 10,000 to each eligible director who serves as 
 a member of the Compensation Committee (other than the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee). 
 
 147 

c. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Awards. The Company will grant an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 15,000 to the eligible director who serves as Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and an award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 10,000 to each eligible director who serves as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (other than the Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee). 
 
 The number of shares subject to any award will be determined by dividing the value of such award (subject to proration as provided in the terms of the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program) by the closing price for the Company s Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock ), on the New York Stock Exchange (or any applicable securities exchange on which the Company s Class A Common Stock is then-listed) on the applicable grant date (or on the immediately preceding trading day if the applicable grant date is not a trading day). Each award shall vest as to twenty-five percent (25 of the award on each of the first three (3) quarterly anniversaries of the applicable grant date, and as to the remaining twenty-five percent (25 of the award on the earlier to occur of (x) the one-year anniversary of the applicable grant date and (y) the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following the grant date, subject to the applicable eligible director s continued service on the Board (or a committee of the Board, as applicable). 
 
 All awards of the Non-Employee Director Compensation Program will be granted under, and shall be subject to the terms and provisions of, the Award Plan. 

148 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth information known to us with respect to beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 20, 2023 for (i) each member of our Board, (ii) each holder of 5.0 or greater of our common stock, (iii) our Named Executive Officers and executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Shares subject to options that are exercisable within 60 days following April 20, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the optionee for the purpose of computing share and percentage ownership of that optionee, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The percentage of shares beneficially owned is based on 93,252,365 shares of Class A Common Stock and 21,512,757 shares of Class C Common Stock outstanding as of April 20, 2023. Except as affected by applicable community property laws, all persons listed have sole voting and investment power for all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 
 Name of Beneficial Owner Shares of Class A Common Stock+ Class A Common Stock Beneficial Ownership Percentage Voting Power Percentage++ Directors and Executive Officers Michael Blend (1) 760,000 Brian Coppola (2) 417,897 Tridivesh Kidambi (3) 1,204,952 1.3 1.0 Jen Robinson (4) 65,938 Beth Sestanovich (5) 317,957 Daniel Weinrot (6) 154,455 John Civantos (7) 288,646 Dexter Fowler (8) 25,333 Caroline Horn (9) 26,000 Moujan Kazerani (10) 90,534 Frank R. Martire, Jr. (11) 4,482,879 4.8 3.9 Christopher Phillips (12) 18,672,586 20.0 16.3 Jennifer Prince (13) 29,333 All Directors and Executive Officers (13 Individuals) 26,436,510 28.3 23.0 Greater than 5 Holders Cannae Holdings, LLC (14) 27,122,794 29.1 23.6 Stanley Blend (15) 16,411,892 17.6 14.3 Nicholas Baker (16) 7,699,449 8.3 6.7 
 Notes : 
 Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 
 + Represents shares of Class A Common Stock that the stockholders shown (i) beneficially own as of April 20, 2023 or (ii) have the right to acquire within 60 days upon exercise of (a) warrants, stock options and restricted stock units RSUs held by the stockholder or (b) the stockholder s redemption right of any Class B Units in S1 Holdco held by such stockholder as described in the immediately subsequent footnote below. The shares included in this column are deemed to be outstanding in calculating the percentage ownership of Class A Common Stock of such stockholder, but are not deemed to be outstanding as to any other stockholder. 
 ++ Includes shares that the stockholders shown have the right to acquire as of April 20, 2023 or within 60 days thereafter as described in immediately preceding footnote above. Assumes redemption of all Class B Units by all members of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) for shares of Class A Common Stock, which would have resulted in an additional 21,512,757 shares 
 149 

of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of April 20, 2023. Holders of Class B Units of S1 Holdco are entitled to have their Class B Units of S1 Holdco exchanged or redeemed for Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis or, at the election of the Company, a cash payment in an amount per Class B Unit of S1 Holdco redeemed and calculated based on the volume weighted average market price of a share of Class A Common Stock at the time of redemption. The Class B Units of S1 Holdco do not have voting rights, but holders of Class B Units of S1 Holdco own a corresponding number of shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company, which have voting rights and vote together with the shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 (1) Consists of 35,000 Public Warrants exercisable for 35,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share and 725,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, in each case held directly by Mr. Blend. Excludes (i) 58,766 shares of Class A Common Stock and 327,681 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 327,681 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company), in each case, held by OpenMail2, LLC OpenMail2 and (ii) 1,045,077 shares of Class A Common Stock and 251,379 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company), in each case, directly held by the Blend Family Foundation. OpenMail2 is jointly controlled by Michael Blend, Charles Ursini and Tridivesh Kidambi as members of the board of managers thereof and they may be deemed to jointly control the voting and dispositive power over the shares held by OpenMail2. The directors of the Blend Family Foundation are Michael Blend, Sandra Blend and Stanley Blend. The terms of the Public Warrants are set forth in the Warrant Agreement filed with the SEC on June 22, 2020 as Exhibit 4.1 to the Issuer s Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 (2) Consists of (i) 114,360 shares of Class A Common Stock and 288,126 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 288,126 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) held directly by Mr. Coppola, (ii) 2,812 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder and (iii) 1,916 shares of Class A Common Stock and 10,683 shares of Class A Common Stock upon the exchange of 10,683 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) issuable within 60 days, in each case from OpenMail2. 
 (3) Consists of (i) 15,000 Public Warrants exercisable for 15,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share held directly by Mr. Kidambi, (ii) 525,293 shares of Class A Common Stock and 617,903 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 617,903 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company), in each case held directly by Mr. Kidambi, (iii) 15,518 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Kidambi s spouse (who is also an employee of the Company), (iv) an aggregate of 3,750 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded collectively to Mr. Kidambi and Mr. Kidambi s spouse and (v) 4,180 shares of Class A Common Stock and 23,309 shares of Class A Common Stock upon the exchange of 23,309 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) issuable within 60 days, in each case from OpenMail2. 
 (4) Consists of (i) 52,289 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Ms. Robinson and (ii) 13,649 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder. 
 (5) Consists of (i) 74,192 shares of Class A Common Stock and 235,789 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 235,789 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) held by Ms. Sestanovich, (ii) 2,250 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder and (iii) 871 shares of Class A Common Stock and 4,856 shares of Class A Common Stock upon the exchange of 4,856 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) issuable within 60 days, in each case from OpenMail2. 
 (6) Consists of (i) 57,860 shares of Class A Common Stock and 88,390 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 88,390 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) held by Mr. Weinrot, (ii) 2,250 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder and (iii) 906 shares of Class A Common Stock and 5,050 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange of 5,050 Class B Units 
 150 

of S1 Holdco (and cancellation of the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Company) issuable within 60 days, in each case from OpenMail2. 
 (7) Consists of (i) 90,534 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Mr. Civantos, (ii) 100,000 Public Warrants exercisable for 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share held directly by Mr. Civantos, (iii) 4,500 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder and (iv) 75,612 shares of Class A Common Stock securities held by the John Civantos 2011 Family Trust, which shares held by the trust Mr. Civantos disclaims beneficial interest in such securities except to any pecuniary interest therein. 
 (8) Consists of (i) 20,267 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Mr. Fowler and (ii) 5,067 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder. 
 (9) Consists of (i) 20,800 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Ms. Horn and (ii) 5,200 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder. 
 (10) Consists of (i) 43,967 shares of Class A Common Stock and 40,700 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of 40,700 Public Warrants, in each case held directly by Mr. Kazerani, the spouse of Ms. Kazerani, (ii) 5,867 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder and (iii) 12,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Ms. Kazerani s in-laws, over which shares Ms. Kazerani s spouse has voting and dispositive power pursuant to a power of attorney granted to him. 
 (11) Consists of (i) 25,600 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Mr. Martire, (ii) 4,450,879 shares of Class A Common Stock directly held by BGPT Trebia LP (the "BGPT Sponsor"), (iii) 6,400 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the security holder, and (iv) 616,250 shares of Class A Common Stock from the automatic conversion of 616,250 shares of Class D Common Stock held by the BGPT Sponsor. Under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the BGPT Sponsor s shares of Class D Common Stock automatically converted into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis on March 17, 2022, the first trading day that the volume-weighted average price of Class A Common Stock equaled or exceeded 12.50 per share for 20 trading days within a period of 30 consecutive trading days. The sole general partner of BGPT Sponsor is Bridgeport Partners GP LLC and the sole limited partner of BGPT Sponsor is Bridgeport Partners LP. Each of Frank R. Martire, Jr. and Frank Martire, III serve as a managing member of Bridgeport Partners GP LLC and therefore may be deemed to beneficially own the 4,450,879 shares of Class A Common Stock, and ultimately exercises voting and dispositive power over such shares held by BGPT Sponsor. Each of Frank R. Martire, Jr. and Frank Martire, III disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares and warrants except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. 
 (12) Consists of shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Just Develop It Limited. The principal address of Just Develop It Limited is Larch House, Parklands Business Park, Denmead, Hampshire, X0 P07 6XP, United Kingdom. 
 (13) Consists of (i) 23,466 shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Ms. Prince and (ii) 5,867 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable within 60 days from vested RSUs awarded to the securityholder. 
 (14) Consists of shares of Class A Common Stock held directly by Cannae Holdings, LLC CHL ). CHL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cannae Holdings, Inc. ("CHI"). The address of the principal business office of CHI is 1701 Village Center Circle, Las Vegas, Nevada 89134. Class A Common Stock ownership is based on information known as of March 14, 2023, the date of the reporting person's most recent Schedule 13D filing as of the record date. 
 (15) Consists of (i) 6,728,498 shares of Class A Common Stock and 8,452,999 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 8,452,999 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Issuer), in each case, directly held by Lone Star Friends Trust, over which Mr. Blend is the trustee with sole voting and dispositive power (ii) 592,514 shares of Class A Common Stock and 251,379 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 251,379 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Issuer) directly held by the Dante Jacob Blend Trust, for which Mr. Blend is the trustee, (iii) 592,514 shares of Class A Common Stock and 251,379 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exchange or redemption of 251,379 Class B Units of S1 Holdco (and the corresponding shares of Class C Common Stock of the Issuer) directly held by the Nola Delfina Blend Trust, for which Mr. Blend is the trustee, and (iv) 45,367 shares directly held by Mr. Blend in his individual capacity. 
 151 

(16) Consists of (i) 7,208,087 shares held directly by Mr. Baker and (ii) 491,362 shares held directly by Honix Capital Limited, a limited private company registered in England and Wales Honix ). Mr. Baker is the sole director and controlling stockholder of Honix and has the sole voting and dispositive power over the securities held by Honix. Class A Common Stock ownership is based on information known as of September 9, 2022, the date of the reporting person's most recent Schedule 13D filing as of the record date. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information as of as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the shares of the Company s Common Stock that may be issued under the Company s existing compensation plans. 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 3,186,531 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Totals 3,186,531 
 _____________________ 
 
 (1) Consists of shares available for future issuance under our 2022 Incentive Award Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Award Plan will be annually increased on January 1 of each calendar year (beginning in 2023 and ending in 2032) by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 2.5 of the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as is determined by our Board. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions (Dollars in thousands, except for per share amounts) 
 Trebia Transactions 
 On July 13, 2021 BGTP Trebia LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "BGPT Sponsor") and Trasimene Trebia, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Trasimene Sponsor", and together with the BGPT Sponsor, the "Sponsors") made available to the Company a loan of up to 500,000 pursuant to two promissory notes issued to the Company from the BGPT Sponsor in the amount of 212,500 (the BGPT Note and to Trasimene Sponsor 287,500 (the Trasimene Note ). The Company is entitled to submit drawdown requests to the Sponsor from time to time and the proceeds from any amounts borrowed under the note will be used for on-going operational expenses and certain other expenses. The notes are unsecured, non-interest bearing and mature on the earlier of: (i) May 31, 2022, or (ii) the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. On July 13, 2021, the Company drew-down 106,250 under the BGPT Note and 143,750 under the Trasimene Note. On August 9, 2021, the Company drew-down an additional 75,000 under the BGPT Note. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance under the promissory notes was 450,000. Upon the closing of the Merger, the outstanding Notes were satisfied and extinguished. 
 
 The Company was party to an administrative services agreement pursuant to which Trebia will pay BGPT Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month, until the earlier of the completion of the Merger and the liquidation of the trust assets, for office space, utilities, administrative and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2021 and the period between February 11, 2020 and December 21, 2020, the Company had incurred 120,000 and 65,000 in fees for these services, respectively. After the completion of the Merger, this agreement was terminated. 
 
 Investment in Protected by Lone Investment Holdings 
 On October 16, 2018, S1 Holdco and its subsidiaries purchased a 50.1 interest in Protected for 55,000. At the time of the transaction, an investment vehicle known as Lone Investment Holdings ("LIH") was a shareholder and creditor of Protected. LIH owned 7.7 of the equity of Protected, and also was a creditor for 10,500, with respect to shareholder loans for which Protected was the obligor. LIH s shareholders primarily consist of members of the Company s management team. As a result of the Merger, LIH s shareholder loan to Protected was repaid, with interest, and LIH also received 1,158 in proceeds from the sale of its equity. 
 152 

Loan to Former Chief Executive Officer 
 During 2021, S1 Holdco extended a loan of 1,500 to Ian Weingarten, its former Chief Executive Officer, in connection with his separation agreement. In January 2022, in conjunction with the consummation of the Merger, the loan was repaid in full. 
 Services with Paysafe 
 Protected.net utilizes multiple payment processors in order to process credit card payments from its subscription customers, including Paysafe Financial Services Limited Paysafe ). In March 2021 Paysafe completed a merger with Foley Trasimene Acquisition Corp. II Foley Trasimene ), a special purpose acquisition company sponsored by entities affiliated with William Foley, who was also a sponsor of Trebia Acquisition Corp. and was a member of the Company s Board of Directors during 2022. Protected.net s payment processing agreement with Paysafe was negotiated before the announcements of both (i) the Merger as well as (ii) the business combination between Paysafe and Foley Trasimene. The amount due from Paysafe was 2,447 as of December 31, 2022 (Successor). 
 Agreements with JDI Property Holdings 
 The Company has agreements with JDI Property Holdings Limited JDIP ), an entity controlled by Christopher Phillips, a director of the Company, which allows for the Company to occupy desks at JDIP s property in such a place as JDIP specifies from time to time in exchange for GBP 52 per month. The agreements with JDIP expire on October 31, 2026. Additionally, the Company utilizes a JDIP credit card and the Company reimburses JDIP monthly. The amount owed to JDIP was insignificant as of December 31, 2022 (Successor). 
 Waiver of Payments to Director and Greater-than-5 Stockholder 
 On August 30, 2022, the Company, Protected.net and Just Develop It Limited JDI ), an entity controlled by a director of the Company, entered into a Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement (the Waiver pursuant to which JDI agreed to waive its right to the Year 3 Stock Bonus Pool, as such term is defined in the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021 (as amended, the Business Combination Agreement by and among the Company, S1 Holdco, Protected and the other parties signatory thereto in connection with the Merger, consisting of 50,000 of Class A common stock payable in January 2024 and as set forth in Section 12.11(a) of the Business Combination Agreement in exchange for 40,000 in cash payable in four (4) quarterly installments of 10,000 each, commencing on August 30, 2022 and on each three (3) month anniversary thereafter. 
 In connection with entering into the Waiver, the Company entered into one (1) year contractual lockup agreements with each of Christopher Phillips, a member of the Board of Directors of the Company and the controlling shareholder of JDI (on behalf of himself and JDI), pursuant to which Mr. Phillips and JDI agreed not to sell each their shares of Class A common stock for one year from September 1, 2022 through August 30, 2023 (the Lockup Period provided that Mr. Phillips and JDIL may sell Class A common stock, among other exceptions, at any time during the Lockup Period at prices equal to or in excess of 11.00 per share. 
 Revolving Note from Company Co-Founders 
 On April 10, 2023, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC Orchid Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a 20,000 revolving note (the Revolving Note with Lone Star Friends Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Stanley Blend, Lone Star and CEE Holding Trust (acting by and through its trustee, Jackson Hole Trust Company, CEE , and together with Lone Star, collectively, the Lenders and each, a Lender ), which are trusts established for the benefit of Michael Blend (Chief Executive Officer, co-founder and stockholder) and Charles Ursini (co-founder and stockholder), respectively, in a private transaction approved by the independent and non-interested members of the the Board. Each Lender provided a 10,000 commitment for an aggregate principal of 20,000 under the Revolving Note to Orchid Sub on a several but not joint basis (each, a Commitment and, collectively, the Commitments ). 
 Any borrowed loan amounts outstanding under the Revolving Note accrue interest at the rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York plus 
 153 

3.15 . Orchid Sub may borrow amounts under the Revolving Note in increments of 100, and may prepay any amounts borrowed at any time without penalty or interest (other than applicable breakage costs, if any). The final maturity date under the Revolving Note is July 10, 2024. The Lenders are also entitled to (i) an unused commitment fee equal to 1.0 per annum of the actual daily amount of total unfunded Commitments under the Revolving Note during the period from the closing date to the maturity date, payable quarterly in arrears and (ii) a closing fee equal to 12.0 of each Lender s Commitment under the Revolving Note, payable within 180 days of April 10, 2023. In addition, Orchid Sub agreed to reimburse the Lenders for their reasonable and documented costs expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, documentation and execution of the Revolving Note. 
 Indemnification agreements 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These indemnification agreements, our Charter and our Bylaws require us to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law. Subject to certain limitations, our Bylaws also require us to advance expenses incurred by our directors and officers. 
 There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers to which indemnification is being sought, and we are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director or officer. 
 Employment of a Family Member 
 
 One employee of the Company, who is the spouse of an executive officer, received total compensation of 528 , which includes proceeds from the Merger, during 2022. 
 Policies and procedures for related party transactions 
 We have adopted a related-party transaction policy setting forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of transactions involving us and related persons. For the purposes of this policy, related persons includes our executive officers and directors or their immediate family members, stockholders owning five percent or more of our outstanding common stock and their immediate family members and entities in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a ten percent or greater beneficial ownership interest. 
 The policy covers, with certain exceptions set forth in Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act, any transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships in which we were or are to be a participant, where the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, including, without limitation, purchases of goods or services by or from the related person or entities in which the related person has a material interest, indebtedness, guarantees of indebtedness and employment by us of a related person. In reviewing and approving any such transactions, our audit committee is tasked to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, but not limited to, whether the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in an arm s length transaction with an unrelated party and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. All related-party transactions may only be consummated if our audit committee has approved or ratified such transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. Any member of the audit committee who is a related person with respect to a transaction under review will not be permitted to participate in the deliberations or vote respecting approval or ratification of the transaction. However, such director may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the audit committee that considers the transaction. 
 Director Independence 
 New York Stock Exchange NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 
 154 

In making these determinations, the Board has considered information provided by the directors and management with regard to the business and personal activities, relationships and related party transactions of each director. Our Board has determined that Mmes. Horn, Kazerani and Prince and Messrs. Civantos, Fowler, and Martire are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees 
 Our audit committee has selected PwC to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit the consolidated financial statements of System1, Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. PwC has served as our auditor since 2020. A representative of PwC is expected to be present virtually at the annual meeting to respond to appropriate questions and make a statement if he or she so desires. 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed by PwC for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 
 Fee Category 
 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 
 8,613,000 1,100,000 Audit Related Fees Tax Fees (2) 
 233,629 All Other Fees (3) 
 4,150 4,150 Total 8,850,779 1,104,150 

(1) Audit Fees consisted of professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements; the review of our quarterly consolidated financial statements; review of Form S-1s, comfort letters, consents, and assistance with and review of other documents filed with the SEC; and other accounting and financial reporting consultation and research work billed as audit fees or necessary to comply with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). 
 (2) Tax fees consisted of fees for tax compliance, advice, and planning services and consisted primarily of restructuring advice, review of transfer pricing, and international tax advice related to equity compensation. 
 (3) All Other Fees are related to license fees for accounting research software. 
 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services 
 
 The audit committee pre-approves all audit, audit-related, tax, and other services performed by our independent auditors. The audit committee pre-approves specific categories of services up to pre-established fee thresholds. Unless the type of service had previously been pre-approved, the audit committee must approve that specific service before the independent auditors may perform it. In addition, separate approval is required if the amount of fees for any pre-approved category of service exceeds the fee thresholds established by the audit committee. The audit committee has delegated to the chair of the committee pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services, provided that the chair must report any pre-approval decisions to the committee at its next scheduled meeting. All fees described below were pre-approved by the audit committee. 
 155 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Refer to Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 No financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not required or is shown in the financial statements of the notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibits required to be filed as part of this report are: 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished Herewith Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.1(a) Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021, by and among Trebia Acquisition Corp., S1 Holdco, LLC, System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., and the other parties that are signatory thereto. 
 8-K 001-39331 2.1 6/29/2021 0 2.1(b) Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and among Trebia Acquisition Corp., S1 Holdco, LLC, System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., and the other parties that are signatory thereto. 
 S-4 333-260714 2.2 12/1/2021 2.1(c) Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and among S1 Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.1 1/20/2022 2.1(d) Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated January 25, 2022, by and among S1 Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.1 1/26/2022 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of System1, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39331 3.1 2/2/2022 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of System1, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39331 3.1 3/1/2023 4.1 Warrant Agreement, dated June 19, 2020, by and between Trebia Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 8-K 001-39331 4.1 6/2/2020 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 10.1 System1, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.2 2/20/2022 10.2 Amended and Restated Backstop Facility Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, by and between Trebia Acquisition Corp. and Cannae Holdings, Inc. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.3 1/10/2022 10.3 Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and among System1, Inc., Protected.net Group Limited and Just Develop It Limited. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.1 8/30/2022 
 156 

10.4 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and between System1, Inc. and Christopher Phillips. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.2 8/30/2022 10.5 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2022, by and between System1, Inc. and Nicholas Baker. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.3 8/30/2022 10.6 Transition and Advisory Services Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2022, by and among System1, Inc. and Paul Filsinger. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.4 11/2/2022 10.7# Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, among Orchid Finco LLC, System1 Midco, LLC, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC and the subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, S1 Holdco, LLC, Bank of America, N.A. and the lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 X 10.8 Amended and Restated Revolving Note, dated May 16, 2023, by and among Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC, Lone Star Friends Trust and CEE Holding Trust . 
 X 10.9 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 27, 2022, by and among System1, Inc. and the other parties that are signatory thereto. 
 S-1 333-262608 10.3 2/9/2022 10.10 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 19, 2020, among the Company, the Sponsors and certain other security holders named therein. 
 8-K 001-39331 10.2 06/22/2020 10.11 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 8-K 001-39331 10.4 3/2/2022 10.12 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2016, between Tridivesh Kidambi and OpenMail LLC. 
 X 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2016, between Elizabeth Sestanovich and OpenMail LLC. 
 X 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2015, between Brian Coppola and OpenMail LLC. 
 X 10.15 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018, between Daniel Weinrot and OpenMail LLC. 
 X 10.16 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2021, between Jennifer Robinson and System1, LLC. 
 X 10.17 Form of Stockholders Agreement 
 S-4/A 333-260714 10.3 12/16/2021 10.18 First Amendment to Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement 
 X 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (predecessor) 
 X 23.2 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. (successor) 
 X 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 
 157 

32.2 Certification of principal financial and accounting officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith. This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. # Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant will furnish copies of any such schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 158 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized, on this 5th day of June, 2023. 
 
 SYSTEM1, INC. 
 Date: June 5, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Blend Michael Blend Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Signatures 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael Blend and Trividesh Kidambi, jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities held on the dates indicated. 
 
 159 

Signature Title Date /s/ Michael Blend Chief Executive Officer, Director June 5, 2023 Michael Blend (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Tridivesh Kidambi Chief Financial Officer June 5, 2023 Tridivesh Kidambi (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ John Civantos Director June 5, 2023 John Civantos /s/ Dexter Fowler Director June 5, 2023 Dexter Fowler /s/ Caroline Horn Director June 5, 2023 Caroline Horn /s/ Moujan Kazerani Director June 5, 2023 Moujan Kazerani /s/ Frank R. Martire, Jr. Director June 5, 2023 Frank R. Martire, Jr. /s/ Christopher Phillips Director June 5, 2023 Christopher Phillips /s/ Jennifer Prince Director June 5, 2023 Jennifer Prince 
 160 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 system1-ex42xdescriptionof.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 
 Exhibit 4.2 

 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following summary of the material terms of the securities of System1, Inc. registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This description of the terms of our stock does not purport to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Incorporation Charter and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We urge you to read our Charter and our Bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. As used in this Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, references to the Company, System1, we, our or us refer solely to System1, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, and references to Trebia refer to the Company, formerly known as Trebia Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company, prior to business combination (the Business Combination pursuant to that certain business combination agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021, as amended on November 30, 2021, January 10, 2022 and January 25, 2022, by and among S1 Holdco, LLC , System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc. and the other parties signatory thereto. 
 Authorized and Outstanding Stock 
 Our purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ), and 527,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), which consists of 500,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (the Class A Common Stock ), 25,000,000 shares of Class C Common Stock (the Class C Common Stock ), and 2,000,000 shares of Class D Common Stock (the Class D Common Stock ). Unless our board of directors (the Board determines otherwise, we will issue all shares of our capital stock in uncertificated form. 
 Class A Common Stock 
 Voting rights . Except as provided in our Charter or as required by applicable law, holders of Class A Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by our Stockholders generally. At annual and special meetings of our Stockholders, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class on any matters submitted to a vote of our Stockholders, or, if any holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as a single class with the holders of Preferred Stock. 
 Generally, unless a different voting standard applies under our Charter and Bylaws (collectively, the Organizational Documents or applicable law, all matters to be voted on by shareholders must be approved by a majority of the votes cast (except for the election of directors, which will be decided based on a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the applicable meeting and entitled to vote on the election of such directors). 
 Reservation of Shares . Under our Charter, we will have at all times, authorized and unissued shares of Class A Common Stock for the purposes of effecting any redemptions or exchanges under the sixth amended and restated limited liability company operating agreement by and among S1 Holdco, LLC, System1 and any successor managing member (the New S1 Holdco Agreement or the conversion of Class D Common Stock. 
 Class C Common Stock 
 Voting rights . Except as provided in our Charter or as required by applicable law, holders of Class C Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by our Stockholders generally. At any annual and special meeting of our Stockholders, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class on any matters submitted to a vote of our Stockholders, or, if any holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of Class A Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as a single class with the holders of Preferred Stock. 
 Generally, unless a different voting standard applies under our Organizational Documents or applicable law, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority of the votes cast (except for the election of directors, which will be decided based on a plurality of the votes cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the applicable meeting and entitled to vote on the election of such directors). 

Future Issuances . Under our Charter, System1 is not permitted to issue additional shares of Class C Common Stock, other than in connection with the valid issuance of the class A units of S1 Holdco and the class B units of S1 Holdco (the S1 Holdco Common Units under the New S1 Holdco Agreement. 
 Restriction on Transfer . Under our Charter, holders of Class C Common Stock may only transfer their Class C Common Stock to certain permitted transferees, while also simultaneously transferring an equal number of such holder s S1 Holdco Common Units. 
 Class D Common Stock 
 Voting Rights . Except as provided in our Charter or as required by applicable law, holders of Class D Common Stock are not entitled to any voting rights. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, under our Charter, any vote that changes the terms of the Class D Common Stock requires the separate approval of a majority of the holders of Class D Common Stock. 
 Restriction on Transfer . Under our Charter, holders of Class D Common Stock may only transfer their Class D Common Stock to certain permitted transfers. 
 Conversion . Class D Common Stock will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis if the volume-weighted average price VWAP of the Company equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any twenty (20) trading days within a period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days (the System1 Class D Conversion Event before the fifth anniversary of January 27, 2022. If the System1 Class D Conversion Event has not occurred by the fifth anniversary of January 27, 2022, all outstanding shares of Class D Common Stock will automatically be forfeited to the Company and canceled for no consideration therefor, including any dividends or dividend catch-up payments owed in respect thereof. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Voting Rights . Except as provided in our Charter (including in connection with the establishment of any new series of preferred stock) or as required by applicable law, holders of Preferred Stock are not entitled to any voting rights. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, under our Charter, any vote on an amendment to our Charter (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of any outstanding Preferred Stock will entitle the holders of Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote as a separate class thereon. 
 Our Charter authorizes our Board to establish additional series of preferred stock. Unless required by law or any stock exchange, the authorized preferred stock will be available for issuance without further action by the holders of Common Stock. Our Board has the discretion to determine the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of System1 without further action by our Stockholders. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the holders of Common Stock by restricting dividends, diluting the voting power of Common Stock or subordinating the liquidation rights of Common Stock. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of Class A Common Stock. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to applicable law and the rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock, the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class D Common Stock will participate ratably (based on the number of shares held) in any dividends that may be declared from time to time by our Board out of funds legally available therefor. The holders of Class C Common Stock are not entitled to any dividends declared by our Board, except in the case of a stock dividend, pursuant to our Charter. Holders of Class D Common Stock will only receive dividends declared in respect thereof upon the conversion of Class D Common Stock to Class A Common Stock, as described above. 
 Winding-Up 
 If System1 is wound up, the holders of Class A Common Stock, after paying off any liabilities, and the amounts owed to the holders of Preferred Stock, if any, may divide amongst the themselves the assets of System1. The holders of Class C Common Stock and Class D Common Stock are not entitled to any assets of System1 upon being wound up and liquidated, except for the par value of the shares thereof. 

Preemptive Rights Sinking Fund Provisions 
 The holders of System1 Common Stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to System1 Stock. 
 System1 Warrants 
 In connection with the Business Combination, each redeemable warrant purchased in a private placement in connection with the initial public offering of Trebia and originally issued in the initial public offering of Trebia, which was consummated on June 19, 2020 (the Trebia Public Warrants that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Business Combination, pursuant to and in accordance with the warrant agreement covering such warrants, were automatically and irrevocably modified to provide that such warrant will no longer entitle the holder thereof to purchase the amount of Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of Trebia (the Trebia Class A Ordinary Shares set forth therein, and in substitution thereof such warrant entitles the holder thereof to acquire the same number of shares of Class A Common Stock per warrant on the same terms (each a Warrant ). 
 Each Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to the satisfaction of any applicable conditions. Only a whole Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. A holder of Warrants will not be able to exercise any fraction of a Warrant. 
 We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to System1 satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration being available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 
 All but not less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at our option, once the System1 Warrants become exercisable, upon notice to the registered holders of the Warrants, at a redemption price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that (a) the Reference Value equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (subject to adjustment) and (b) there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 10.00 
 All but not less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed, at our option, once the Warrants become exercisable, upon notice to the registered holders of the Warrants, at a redemption price of 0.10 per Warrant, provided that the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (subject to adjustment). During the 30-day redemption period, registered holders of the Warrants may elect to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis and receive a number of Class A Common Stock determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date (calculated for purposes of the table as the period to expiration of the Warrants) and the Redemption Fair Market Value (a Make-Whole Exercise ). 

Redemption Fair Market Value of System1 Class A Share Redemption Date (period to expiration of warrants) 10.00 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18.00 60 months 0.261 0.280 0.297 0.311 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 57 months 0.257 0.277 0.294 0.310 0.324 0.337 0.348 0.358 0.361 54 months 0.252 0.272 0.291 0.307 0.322 0.335 0.347 0.357 0.361 51 months 0.246 0.268 0.287 0.304 0.320 0.333 0.346 0.357 0.361 48 months 0.241 0.263 0.283 0.301 0.317 0.332 0.344 0.356 0.361 45 months 0.235 0.258 0.279 0.298 0.315 0.330 0.343 0.356 0.361 42 months 0.228 0.252 0.274 0.294 0.312 0.328 0.342 0.355 0.361 39 months 0.221 0.246 0.269 0.290 0.309 0.325 0.340 0.354 0.361 36 months 0.213 0.239 0.263 0.285 0.305 0.323 0.339 0.353 0.361 33 months 0.205 0.232 0.257 0.280 0.301 0.320 0.337 0.352 0.361 30 months 0.196 0.224 0.250 0.274 0.297 0.316 0.335 0.351 0.361 27 months 0.185 0.214 0.242 0.268 0.291 0.313 0.332 0.350 0.361 24 months 0.173 0.204 0.233 0.260 0.285 0.308 0.329 0.348 0.361 21 months 0.161 0.193 0.223 0.252 0.279 0.304 0.326 0.347 0.361 18 months 0.146 0.179 0.211 0.242 0.271 0.298 0.322 0.345 0.361 15 months 0.130 0.164 0.197 0.230 0.262 0.291 0.317 0.342 0.361 12 months 0.111 0.146 0.181 0.216 0.250 0.282 0.312 0.339 0.361 9 months 0.090 0.125 0.162 0.199 0.237 0.272 0.305 0.336 0.361 6 months 0.065 0.099 0.137 0.178 0.219 0.259 0.296 0.331 0.361 3 months 0.034 0.065 0.104 0.150 0.197 0.243 0.286 0.326 0.361 0 months 0.042 0.115 0.179 0.233 0.281 0.323 0.361 
 
 The exact Redemption Fair Market Value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the Redemption Fair Market Value is between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued for each 

Warrant exercised in a Make-Whole Exercise will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower Redemption Fair Market Values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365- or 366-day year, as applicable. The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table above shall be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a System1 Warrant is adjusted. 
 This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash when the trading price for the Class A Common Stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of the Class A Common Stock is below the exercise price of the warrants. System1 has established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds 18.00 . Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of Trebia s IPO prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we chooses to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in its best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when it believes it is in its best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 
 As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the shares of Class A Common Stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A Common Stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A Common Stock if and when such Class A Common Stock were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 
 No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock will be issued upon redemption. If, upon redemption, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A Common Stock pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may be exercised for such security. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments . 
 Following the conversion of the Trebia Public Warrants into Warrants, the Warrants will be subject to anti-dilution adjustments, as summarized in the paragraphs below. 
 Sub-Divisions . If the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a capitalization or share dividend of Class A Common Stock, or by a sub-division of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each System1 Warrant shall be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A Common Stock entitling holders to purchase Class A Common Stock at a price less than the Historical Fair Market Value will be deemed a capitalization of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for the Class A Common Stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the Historical Fair Market Value. If the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion. 
 Dividends . In addition, if at any time while the System1 Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, we pay a dividend or makes a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of shares of Class A Common Stock on account of such Class A Common Stock (or other securities into which the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection 

with the Business Combination and (c) certain other dividends or distributions in connection with redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock existing prior to the completion of the Business Combination. 
 Aggregation of Shares . If the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 Replacement of Securities upon Reorganization, etc . In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Common Stock, or in the case of any merger or consolidation of System1 with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of its outstanding Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A Common Stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event, provided however, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the Warrant within thirty (30) days following public disclosure of such transaction, the Warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value. 
 Notices of Changes in Warrant . Upon every adjustment of the Warrant price or the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, we shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which notice shall state the price of a Warrant resulting from such adjustment and the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence of any event specified in the section titled Anti-Dilution Adjustments , we will give written notice of the occurrence of such event to each holder of a Warrant, at the last address set forth for such holder in the warrant register, of the record date or the effective date of the event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such event. 
 No Fractional Shares . We will not issue fractional shares upon the exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon such exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to such holder. 
 Form of Warrant . The form of Warrant need not be changed because of any adjustment, and Warrants issued after such adjustment may state the same warrant price and the same number of shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant to the Warrant Agreement provided, however, that System1 may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant that we may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof, and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned, whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise, may be in the form as so changed. 
 Other Events . In case any event shall occur affecting System1 as to which none of the provisions of the preceding subsections are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of the Warrant Agreement, then, in each such case, we will appoint a firm of independent registered public accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing, which will give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate the intent and purpose of the Warrant Agreement and, if they determine that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment provided, however, that under no circumstances shall the Warrants be so adjusted pursuant as a result of any issuance of securities in connection with a business combination. We will adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion. 
 No Adjustment . For the avoidance of doubt, no adjustment shall be made to the terms of the Warrants solely as a result of an adjustment to the conversion ratio of the Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of Trebia (the Trebia Class B Ordinary Shares into Trebia Class A Ordinary Shares. 

System1 s Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent for System1 Stock and Warrant Agent for Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of the Charter, Bylaws and Certain Provisions of Delaware Law 
 Our Charter, Bylaws and the DGCL contain provisions, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, which are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of the Company. These provisions are intended to avoid costly takeover battles, reduce our vulnerability to a hostile change of control or other unsolicited acquisition proposal, and enhance the ability of our Board to maximize stockholder value. However, these provisions may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a merger or acquisition of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or other takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in its best interest, including attempts that might result in a premium over the prevailing market price for the shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 Action by Written Consent 
 Our Charter provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent. 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 Delaware law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), which would apply if and so long as Class A Common Stock remains listed on NYSE, require stockholder approval of certain issuances of Common Stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of common stock. As a result, we may issue additional shares in the future for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions, without approval of our stockholders. 
 In addition, our Board is generally authorized to issue shares additional series of preferred stock having such terms, powers, rights and preferences as our Board determines in its discretion, including terms that may be designed to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of System1 or the removal of System1 management. 
 One of the effects of the existence of unissued and unreserved common stock may be to enable our Board to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of System1 by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise and thereby protect the continuity of management and possibly deprive stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of Class A Common Stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. 
 Business Combinations 
 We have elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 is a default provision of the DGCL that restricts certain business combinations with interested stockholders for three years following the date that a person becomes an interested stockholder, with certain permitted exceptions. 
 Election and Removal of Directors and Vacancies 
 Our Charter provides that our Board will determine the number of directors who will serve on our Board, subject to the rights set forth in the Stockholders Agreement. Our Board is divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. Class I directors will initially serve for a term expiring at the first annual meeting of stockholders following January 27, 2022. Class II and Class III directors will initially serve for a term expiring at the second and third annual meeting of stockholders following January 27, 2022, respectively. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, directors will be elected to the class whose term is expiring at such annual meeting for a full term of three years. 
 In addition, our Charter provides that any vacancy on our Board, including a vacancy that results from an increase in the number of directors or a vacancy that results from the removal of a director with or without cause, may be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, subject to the provisions of the Stockholders Agreement (as defined in our Bylaws) and any rights of the holders of Preferred Stock. 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 Under Delaware law, there is no right to vote cumulatively (which allows stockholders to cast all of the votes such stockholder is entitled to for a single nominee for a board of directors rather than only being able to vote the number of shares such stockholder holds for or against each nominee) unless expressly authorized in the certificate of incorporation. Our Charter does not authorize cumulative voting. 

Special Stockholder Meetings 
 Our Charter provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by or at the direction of our Board, the Chairman of our Board or by the Secretary of the Company at the request of any holder of greater-than fifty (50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares. These provisions may have the effect of deterring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of the Company. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Meetings, Nominations and Proposals 
 Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our Board or a committee of our Board or pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement. For any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a stockholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within thirty days before or sixty days after the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not more than the hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on (i) the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or, (ii) if later, the tenth day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was first made by us. Our Bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 
 Our Bylaws allow the chairman of a stockholder meeting to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also deter, delay or discourage a potential acquirer or investor from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of System1. 
 Voting Requirements 
 Our Charter provides that the Board is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our Bylaws without a stockholder vote in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or our Charter. The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting together as a single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our Charter provides that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of the Company to the Company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of the Company (a) arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Charter (as it may be amended or restated) or the Bylaws or (b) as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Delaware Court of Chancery or (iv) any action asserting a claim against System1 or any current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder of System1 governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware will (to the fullest extent permitted by law) be solely and exclusively brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery (subject to certain limited exceptions, including if there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination, or if jurisdiction is vested exclusively in a court or forum other than the Delaware Court of Chancery). 
 Our Charter also provides that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any action arising under federal securities laws, including the Securities Act. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. While Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Charter. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with System1 or its directors, officers, stockholders, agents or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. 

We note that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. Further, investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. It is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision of our Charter inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our Charter will include a provision that eliminates, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. The effect of this provision is to eliminate the rights of System1 and its stockholders, through stockholders derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director. 
 Our Bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. We are also expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification for directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. 
 The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our Organizational Documents may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit System1 and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. 
 Listing 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbols SST and SST.WS, respectively. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 system1-ex107creditagreeme.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 dated as of January 27, 2022 
 among 
 ORCHID FINCO LLC and SYSTEM1 MIDCO, LLC, and after giving effect to the Closing Date Mergers, ORCHID MERGER SUB II, LLC, as the Borrower, 
 S1 HOLDCO, LLC, as Holdings, 
 THE SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L C Issuer 
 _________________________________ 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms 
 1 
 Section 1.02. Other Interpretive Provisions 
 64 
 Section 1.03. Accounting Terms 
 65 
 Section 1.04. Rounding 
 65 
 Section 1.05. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 66 
 Section 1.06. Times of Day 
 66 
 Section 1.07. Timing of Payment or Performance 
 66 
 Section 1.08. Certain Calculations and Tests 
 66 
 Section 1.09. Exchange Rates Currencies Generally 
 70 
 Section 1.10. Cashless Rollovers 
 70 
 Section 1.11. Divisions 
 70 
 Section 1.12. Reserved 
 70 
 Section 1.13. Conflicts 
 70 
 Section 1.14. Confidentiality Privilege, Etc 
 71 
 Section 1.15. Alternate Currencies 
 71 
 Section 1.16. Effectuation of Transactions 
 72 
 Article 2 THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. The Borrowings 
 72 
 Section 2.02. Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 
 72 
 Section 2.03. Reserved 
 74 
 Section 2.04. Letters of Credit 
 74 
 Section 2.05. Swing Line Loans 
 81 
 Section 2.06. Prepayments 
 84 
 Section 2.07. Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 89 
 Section 2.08. Repayment of Loans 
 90 
 Section 2.09. Interest 
 91 
 Section 2.10. Fees 
 91 
 Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees 
 92 
 Section 2.12. Evidence of Indebtedness 
 92 
 Section 2.13. Payments Generally 
 92 
 Section 2.14. Sharing of Payments 
 94 
 Section 2.15. Reserved 
 94 
 Section 2.16. Incremental Credit Extensions 
 94 
 Section 2.17. Defaulting Lenders 
 98 
 Section 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date 
 100 
 Section 2.19. Refinancing Amendments 
 103 
 Article 3 TAXES, INCREASED COSTS AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 i 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 3.01. Taxes 
 104 
 Section 3.02. Illegality 
 108 
 Section 3.03. Inability to Determine Rates 
 109 
 Section 3.04. Increased Costs 
 111 
 Section 3.05. Capital Requirements 
 111 
 Section 3.06. Reserved 
 112 
 Section 3.07. Funding Losses 
 112 
 Section 3.08. Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 
 112 
 Section 3.09. Replacement of Lenders Under Certain Circumstances 
 114 
 Section 3.10. Survival 
 115 
 Article 4 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to the Closing Date 
 115 
 Section 4.02. Conditions to All Credit Extensions 
 118 
 Article 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 5.01. Existence, Qualification and Power Compliance with Laws 
 118 
 Section 5.02. Authorization No Contravention 
 119 
 Section 5.03. Governmental Authorization Other Consents 
 119 
 Section 5.04. Binding Effect 
 119 
 Section 5.05. Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect 
 119 
 Section 5.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters 
 119 
 Section 5.07. Ownership of Property Liens 
 120 
 Section 5.08. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 120 
 Section 5.09. Taxes 
 121 
 Section 5.10. ERISA Compliance 
 121 
 Section 5.11. Subsidiaries Equity Interests 
 121 
 Section 5.12. Margin Regulations Investment Company Act 
 121 
 Section 5.13. Disclosure 
 121 
 Section 5.14. Solvency 
 122 
 Section 5.15. Perfection, Etc 
 122 
 Article 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 6.01. Financial Statements 
 122 
 Section 6.02. Certificates Other Information 
 124 
 Section 6.03. Notices 
 125 
 Section 6.04. Maintenance of Ratings 
 125 
 Section 6.05. Preservation of Existence, Etc 
 125 
 Section 6.06. Maintenance of Properties 
 125 
 Section 6.07. Maintenance of Insurance 
 125 
 Section 6.08. Compliance with Laws 
 126 
 
 ii 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 6.09. Books and Records 
 126 
 Section 6.10. Inspection Rights 
 126 
 Section 6.11. Use of Proceeds 
 126 
 Section 6.12. Payment of Taxes 
 126 
 Section 6.13. Covenant to Guarantee Guaranteed Obligations and Give Security 
 127 
 Section 6.14. Further Assurances 
 128 
 Section 6.15. Designation of Subsidiaries 
 128 
 Section 6.16. Post-Closing Covenant 
 129 
 Section 6.17. Nature of Business 
 129 
 Section 6.18. Changes in Fiscal Year 
 129 
 Section 6.19. Transactions with Affiliates 
 129 
 Section 6.20. Lender Calls 
 131 
 Article 7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 7.01. Liens 
 131 
 Section 7.02. Investments 
 134 
 Section 7.03. Indebtedness 
 137 
 Section 7.04. Fundamental Changes 
 140 
 Section 7.05. Dispositions 
 141 
 Section 7.06. Restricted Payments 
 144 
 Section 7.07. Burdensome Agreements 
 146 
 Section 7.08. Financial Covenant 
 147 
 Section 7.09. Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness 
 148 
 Section 7.10. Permitted Activities of Holdings 
 149 
 Article 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 Section 8.01. Events of Default 
 150 
 Section 8.02. Remedies Upon Event of Default 
 152 
 Section 8.03. Application of Funds 
 153 
 Article 9 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Section 9.01. Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent 
 154 
 Section 9.02. Delegation of Duties 
 155 
 Section 9.03. Liability of Administrative Agent 
 155 
 Section 9.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent 
 155 
 Section 9.05. Notice of Default 
 155 
 Section 9.06. Credit Decision Disclosure of Information by Administrative Agent 
 156 
 Section 9.07. Indemnification of Administrative Agent 
 156 
 Section 9.08. Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity 
 156 
 Section 9.09. Successor Agent 
 157 
 Section 9.10. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 
 157 
 Section 9.11. Collateral and Guaranty Matters 
 158 
 
 iii 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 9.12. Other Agents Arrangers and Managers 
 159 
 Section 9.13. Certain ERISA Matters 
 159 
 Section 9.14. Recovery of Erroneous Payments 
 161 
 Article 10 GUARANTY 
 Section 10.01. Guaranty 
 161 
 Section 10.02. Contribution 
 161 
 Section 10.03. Guaranty Absolute 
 162 
 Section 10.04. Waiver and Acknowledgments 
 163 
 Section 10.05. Subrogation 
 163 
 Section 10.06. Reserved 
 164 
 Section 10.07. Covenants 
 164 
 Section 10.08. Release of Subsidiary Guarantors 
 164 
 Section 10.09. Guaranty Supplements 
 164 
 Section 10.10. No Waiver Remedies 
 164 
 Section 10.11. Reserved 
 164 
 Section 10.12. Continuing Guaranty Assignments under this Agreement 
 164 
 Section 10.13. Reserved 
 164 
 Section 10.14. Keepwell 
 164 
 Article 11 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 11.01. Amendments, Etc 
 165 
 Section 11.02. Notices and Other Communications Facsimile Copies 
 169 
 Section 11.03. No Waiver Cumulative Remedies 
 170 
 Section 11.04. Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes 
 170 
 Section 11.05. Indemnification by the Borrower 
 170 
 Section 11.06. Payments Set Aside 
 172 
 Section 11.07. Assigns 
 172 
 Section 11.08. Successors 
 176 
 Section 11.09. Confidentiality 
 177 
 Section 11.10. Set-off 
 178 
 Section 11.11. Interest Rate Limitation 
 178 
 Section 11.12. Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts 
 178 
 Section 11.13. Integration 
 179 
 Section 11.14. Survival of Representations and Warranties 
 179 
 Section 11.15. Severability 
 180 
 Section 11.16. Governing Law 
 180 
 Section 11.17. Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury 
 180 
 Section 11.18. Binding Effect 
 180 
 Section 11.19. No Implied Duties 
 181 
 Section 11.20. USA Patriot Act Notice 
 181 
 
 iv 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 11.21. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 181 
 Section 11.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 181 

v 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

SCHEDULES 
 1.01A Unrestricted Subsidiaries 1.01B Collateral Documents 1.01C Dutch Auctions 2.01 Commitments 5.06 Litigation 5.11 Subsidiaries 6.16 Post-Closing Obligations 7.01 Existing Liens 7.02 Existing Investments 7.03 Existing Indebtedness 11.02 Administrative Agent s Office Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A Loan Notice 
 B Swing Line Loan Notice 
 C-1 Term Note 
 C-2 Revolving Credit Note 
 D Assignment and Assumption 
 E Compliance Certificate 
 F Guaranty Supplement 
 G Security Agreement 
 H-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 H-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 H-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 H-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 I Solvency Certificate 
 J Intellectual Property Security Agreement 
 K Perfection Certificate 
 
 vi 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 CREDIT AND GUARANTY AGREEMENT, dated as of January 27, 2022, among, ORCHID FINCO LLC, a Delaware limited liability company FinLLC ), and SYSTEM1 MIDCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Midco ), each initially and collectively, as the Borrower, and following the consummation of the Closing Date Mergers, ORCHID MERGER SUB II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company MergerLLC ), as the Borrower, S1 HOLDCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), the guarantors from time to time party hereto, each Lender and L C Issuer from time to time party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and an L C Issuer. 
 RECITALS 
 Pursuant to the terms of that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021 (the Acquisition Agreement ), by and among, inter alios , the Borrower, Holdings, Trebia Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (which prior to the Closing Date changed its name to System1, Inc. and domesticated as a Delaware corporation) (the Parent ), Orchid Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), and System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Protected Holdings ), Parent will, directly or indirectly, control on the Closing Date at least a majority of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of Holdings and Protected (the Acquisition and the businesses so acquired, the Targets ). 
 Following the consummation of the Acquisition, on the Closing Date, Merger Sub will merge with and into Protected Holdings (the Merger Sub Merger ), with Protected Holdings as the surviving entity of such merger, (ii) following the Merger Sub Merger, Protected Holdings will merge with and into MergerLLC (the MergerLLC Merger ), with MergerLLC as the surviving entity of such merger, (iii) following the MergerLLC Merger, FinLLC will merge with and into MergerLLC (the FinLLC Merger ), with MergerLLC as the surviving entity of such merger and (iv) following the FinLLC Merger, Midco will merge with and into MergerLLC (the Midco Merger and together with the Merger Sub Merger, the MergerLLC Merger and the FinLLC Merger, the Closing Date Mergers ), with MergerLLC as the surviving entity of such merger. 
 In order to fund a portion of the consideration for the Transactions, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders (i) extend credit on the Closing Date in the form of Initial Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to 400,000,000 and (ii) make available the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate committed of 50,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 Section 1.01. Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 1934 Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 ABR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement means any intercreditor or subordination agreement or arrangement (which may take the form of a waterfall or similar provision), as applicable, the terms of which are (i) consistent with market terms (as determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in good faith) governing arrangements for the sharing and or subordination of liens and or arrangements relating to the distribution of payments, as applicable, at the time the relevant intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established in light of the type of Indebtedness subject thereto and or (ii) reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) , which intercreditor or subordination agreement or arrangement may be posted for review by the Lenders and deemed acceptable if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the date on which the same is posted for review. 
 1 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Acquisition has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Acquisition Agreement has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Additional Commitment means any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment and any Additional Term Loan Commitment. 
 Additional Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Additional Loans means any Additional Revolving Credit Loan and any Additional Term Loan. 
 Additional QofE Report has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA . 
 Additional Revolving Credit Commitment means any revolving credit commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.16 , 2.18 and or 2.19 . 
 Additional Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Person that has an Additional Revolving Credit Commitment and or Additional Revolving Credit Loan at such time. 
 Additional Revolving Credit Loan means a revolving loan made pursuant to any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Additional Term Lender means any Person with an Additional Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Additional Term Loan. 
 Additional Term Loan Commitment means any term loan commitment added pursuant to Sections 2.16 , 2.18 and or 2.19 . 
 Additional Term Loans means any term loan added pursuant to Sections 2.16 , 2.18 and or 2.19 . 
 Adjusted Consolidated Net Income means, in respect of any period, an amount determined for the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, equal to (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (b) the sum, without duplication (and to the extent deducted and not added back in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period), for such period of 
 (i) (A) any depreciation and or amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (B) any impairment Charge, including any bad debt expense, and (C) any asset write-off and or write-down plus 
 (ii) any amount that may be added back in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for such period pursuant to clause (c)(v) and or (c)(x) of the definition thereof. 
 Adjustment Date means the date of delivery of financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or Section 6.01(b) , as applicable, together with the corresponding Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) . 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any permitted successor in such capacities. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 2 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Control for purposes of this definition means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Affiliated Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(k) . 
 Agent-Related Persons means the Administrative Agent, together with its Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Revolving Credit Lenders at such time. 
 Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternate Currency, as applicable. 
 Agreement means this Credit and Guaranty Agreement. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , (b) Term SOFR for such date plus 1.00 , (c) the Prime Rate and (d) (i) solely in the case of Initial Term Loans, 1.50 and (ii) solely in the case of Initial Revolving Credit Loans, 1.00 . Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate, Term SOFR or the Federal Funds Rate, as the case may be, shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate, Term SOFR or the Federal Funds Rate, as the case may be. If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 , then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greatest of clauses (a) , (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Alternate Currency means in each case of Revolving Credit Loans and Letters of Credit, Pounds Sterling, and each currency other than Dollars and Pounds Sterling that is approved in accordance Section 1.15 . 
 Alternate Currency Interest Rate has the meaning specified in Section 1.15(c) . 
 Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to Term SOFR, CME or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or CME, and (b) with respect to any Alternate Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternate Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator. 
 Applicable Margin means, 
 (a) with respect to any Initial Term Loan, (a) 4.75 per annum for Term SOFR Loans and (b) 3.75 per annum for ABR Loans. 
 (b) with respect to any Initial Revolving Credit Loan, the rate per annum in the table set forth below under the caption ABR Spread for Initial Revolving Credit Loans or Term SOFR or SONIA Spread for Initial Revolving Credit Loans , as the case may be, based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period provided , that until the first Adjustment Date following the completion of the first full Fiscal Quarter ended after the Closing Date, the Applicable Margin for any Initial 
 3 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Revolving Credit Loan shall be the Applicable Margin per annum set forth below in Category 1 of the table set forth below 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio ABR Spread for Initial Revolving Credit Loans Term SOFR or SONIA Spread for Initial Revolving Credit Loans Category 1 Greater than 2.60 to 1.00 1.75 2.75 Category 2 Less than or equal to 2.60 to 1.00 and greater than 2.10 to 1.00 1.50 2.50 Category 3 Less than or equal to 2.10 to 1.00 1.25 2.25 
 
 For purposes of this clause (b) , any increase or decrease in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date the relevant Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) provided , that at the option of the Required Revolving Lenders Category 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered but was not delivered, and shall continue to so apply to and including the date on which such Compliance Certificate is so delivered (and thereafter the pricing level otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply). 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to Loans of any Class and Tranche, the Lenders of such Class and Tranche, (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) the L C Issuers and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.04 , the Revolving Credit Lenders, (c) with respect to the Swing Line Facility, (i) the Swing Line Lender and (ii) if any Swing Line Loans are outstanding pursuant to Section 2.05 , the Revolving Credit Lenders, (d) with respect to Revolving Credit Loans of any Tranche, the Lenders of such Tranche and (e) with respect to Term Loans of any Tranche, the Lenders of such Tranche. 
 Approved Foreign Bank has the meaning specified in clause (k) of the definition of Cash Equivalents . 
 Arranger means Bank of America, N.A. in its capacity as the lead arranger and bookrunner of the Facilities. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit D or such other form that is approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Assumed Tax Rate means the highest marginal combined U.S. federal, state, and local income tax rate applicable to an individual or corporation resident in New York, New York, whichever is higher (taking into account (a) the character of applicable income (e.g., long-term or short-term capital gain), (b) income tax deductions (if allowable) for state and local income taxes for such estimated tax period (or portion thereof), and (c) any applicable reduction in rate attributable to Section 199A of the Code) provided , that (i) the Managing Member may adjust the Assumed Tax Rate as it reasonably determines is necessary to take into account the effect of any changes in applicable tax law and (ii) the Assumed Tax Rate shall be the same for all members, regardless of the actual combined income tax rate of the member or its direct or indirect owners. 
 Attorney Costs means and includes all reasonable and documented, out-of-pocket fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel. 
 4 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
 Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b)(iii) . 
 Available Amount means, at any time, an amount equal to 
 (c) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) the greater of 40,000,000 and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently completed Test Period plus 
 (ii) if positive, an amount equal to the CNI Growth Amount, provided , that no amount shall be available pursuant to this clause (ii) for any Restricted Payment made in reliance on Section 7.06(g)(i) (x) if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists and (y) unless the Borrower would be permitted to incur at least 1 under Section 7.03(z) plus 
 (iii) 100 of the aggregate amount of contributions to the common capital of the Borrower or the net proceeds of the issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) contributed to the Borrower to the extent Not Otherwise Applied, in each case, received in cash during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including such time plus 
 (iv) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness or Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness or such Disqualified Equity Interests issued to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings or any Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent of Holdings plus 
 (v) the net proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date in connection with the sale or other disposition to a Person (other than the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of any Investment made pursuant to Section 7.02(r)(i) (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment) plus 
 (vi) to the extent not already reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date in connection with returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts, repayments of loans and the release of guarantees received on any Investment made pursuant to Section 7.02(r)(i) (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such Investment) plus 
 (vii) an amount equal to the sum of (A) in the event any Unrestricted Subsidiary has been redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.15 or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, the amount of the Investments of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in such Subsidiary made pursuant to Section 7.02(r)(i) (in an amount not to exceed the original amount of such investment) and (B) the fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Borrower) of the property of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that have been transferred, conveyed, or otherwise distributed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date from any dividend or other distribution by an Unrestricted Subsidiary plus 
 (viii) the amount of any Declined Proceeds minus 
 (d) the aggregate amount of any Investments outstanding at such time pursuant to Section 7.02(r)(i) , any Restricted Payments made prior to such time pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(i) or any Restricted Debt Payment made prior to such time pursuant to Section 7.09(c)(i) . 
 5 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Available Excluded Contribution Amount means the aggregate amount of cash or Cash Equivalents or the fair market value of other assets (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, but excluding any contributed to the Borrower in connection with the exercise of the Cure Right) received (or deemed received) by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date from 
 (e) contributions (or deemed contributions) of assets (including cash) in respect of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than any amount received from any Restricted Subsidiary) to the extent Not Otherwise Applied and 
 (f) the sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than (x) to any Restricted Subsidiary, (y) pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or (z) with the proceeds of any loan or advance made pursuant to Section 7.02(b)(ii) to the extent Not Otherwise Applied, 
 in each case, designated by the Borrower as an Available Excluded Contribution Amount on or promptly after the date on which the relevant capital contribution is made (or deemed made) or the relevant proceeds are received (or deemed received), as the case may be, and which are excluded from the calculation of the Available Amount. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank of America has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment provided , that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof provided , further , that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Basel III means the agreement on capital adequacy, stress testing and liquidity standards contained in Basel III a global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems , Basel III International framework for liquidity risk measurement, standards and monitoring and Guidance for national authorities operating the countercyclical capital buffer published by the Basel Committee in December 2010, each as amended, and any further guidance or standards published by the Basel Committee in relation to Basel III . 
 Basel Committee means the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 6 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Borrower means (a) prior to the consummation of the Closing Date Mergers, each of FinLLC and Midco, on a joint and several basis and (b) following the consummation of the Closing Date Mergers, MergerLLC and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Successor Borrower. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type, Class and Tranche and, in the case of Term SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and, if such day relates to any (x) SONIA Loans, means any such day on which banks are open for general business in London and excluding any Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under applicable Law of the United Kingdom or (y) any Alternate Currency denominated in a currency other than Pounds Sterling, means any such date on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
 Business Optimization Initiative has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA . 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate amount, without duplication, of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) that would, in accordance with GAAP, are, or are required to be included as, capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period. 
 Capitalized Leases means all leases that have been or should be recorded as financing leases on the balance sheet of the lessee in accordance with GAAP. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof). 
 Cash Collateral Account means a deposit account at the Administrative Agent in the name of the Administrative Agent and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent, and otherwise established in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Cash Collateralize means the pledging and depositing with, or delivery to, the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the relevant L C Issuer, as collateral for the L C Obligations, cash and or deposit account balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the relevant L C Issuer. 
 Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of investments, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (g) operating deposit accounts maintained by the Restricted Companies 
 (h) securities issued or unconditionally guaranteed by (i) the United States government of the government of England and Wales or (ii) any agency or instrumentality of the governments of the United States or England and Wales, in each case, having maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof or other durations approved by the Administrative Agent 
 7 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(i) securities issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof or of England and Wales having maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof or other durations approved by the Administrative Agent and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-2 or P-2 (or long-term ratings of at least A3 or A- from either S&P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency), or, with respect to municipal bonds, a rating of at least MIG 2 or VMIG 2 from Moody s (or the equivalent thereof) (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) 
 (j) commercial paper issued by any Lender that is a commercial bank or any bank holding company owning any Lender 
 (k) commercial paper maturing no more than one year from the date of creation thereof and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) 
 (l) domestic and eurodollar time deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing no more than one year after the date of acquisition thereof or other durations approved by the Administrative Agent which are either issued by any Lender or any other banks having combined capital and surplus of not less than 100,000,000 (or in the case of foreign banks, the Dollar equivalent thereof) or are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for the full amount thereof 
 (m) repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for, and secured by, underlying securities of the type without regard to maturity described in clauses (b) , (c) and (f) above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause (f) above or securities dealers of recognized national standing 
 (n) shares of investment companies that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and invest solely in one or more of the types with regard to maturity of securities described in clauses (b) through (g) above 
 (o) investments maintained in money market funds (as well as asset-backed securities and corporate securities that are eligible for inclusion in money market funds) 
 (p) fixed maturity securities which are rated BBB- and above by S&P or Baa3 and above by Moody s provided , that the aggregate amount of Investments by any Person in fixed maturity securities which are rated BBB+, BBB or BBB- by S&P or Baa1, Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody s shall not exceed 10 of the aggregate amount of Investments in fixed maturity securities by such Person and 
 (q) solely with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary, non-Dollar denominated (i) certificates of deposit of, bankers acceptances of, or time deposits with, any commercial bank which is organized and existing under the laws of a country other than one that is subject to sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury, or other relevant sanctioning authority, (any such bank being an Approved Foreign Bank and maturing within 12 months of the date of acquisition or other durations approved by the Administrative Agent and (ii) (A) equivalents of demand deposit accounts which are maintained with an Approved Foreign Bank or (B) other temporary investments (with maturities less than 12 months or other durations approved by the Administrative Agent) of a non-speculative nature which are made with preservation of principal as the primary objective and in each case in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management of such Foreign Subsidiaries. 
 Cash Management Bank means any Person in its capacity as a provider of Cash Management services to a Loan Party that is (a) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender and or (b) any other Person designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent as a Cash Management Bank provided , that any Person designated in accordance with this clause (b) , in each case, shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and shall be designated to the 
 8 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower as being a Cash Management Bank for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each such provider shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 9 , Section 11.16 and Section 11.17 and any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Cash Management Obligations means all obligations of any Loan Party in respect of any Cash Management Services owed to a Cash Management Bank. 
 Cash Management Services means the following services commercial credit cards, stored value cards, purchasing cards, treasury management services, netting services, overdraft protections, check drawing services, automated payment services (including depository, overdraft, controlled disbursement, ACH transactions, return items and interstate depository network services), employee credit card programs, cash pooling services, supply chain and or supplier financing services and any arrangement and or service similar to any of the foregoing and or otherwise in connection with cash management and deposit accounts. 
 Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, (b) any change in any Law or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority provided , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, implemented or issued. 
 Change of Control means 
 (r) a Responsible Officer of the Borrower becomes aware of the acquisition of the beneficial ownership by any person or group (as used in this definition, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the 1934 Act) (including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the 1934 Act), but excluding (i) any employee benefit plan and or Person acting as the trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator therefor, (ii) one or more Permitted Holders and (iii) underwriters in connection with any offering of Equity Interests), of voting common stock representing more than the greater of (x) 35 of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting common stock of the Parent and (y) the percentage of the total voting power of all of the outstanding voting common stock of the Parent owned, directly or indirectly, beneficially by the Permitted Holders provided , that notwithstanding the provisions of this clause (a) , no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred under this clause (a) if the Permitted Holders have the right, by voting power, contract or otherwise, to elect or designate for election at least a majority of the board of directors of the Parent and 
 (s) the Parent ceasing to control, directly or indirectly, 100 of the voting Equity Interests of the Borrower. 
 For purposes of this definition, (1) a Person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own Equity Interests or voting power subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement, merger agreement or similar agreement (or voting or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the acquisition of the Equity Interests or voting power pursuant to the transactions contemplated by such agreement, (2) if any group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the relevant Person that is directly or indirectly owned by the Permitted Holders that are part of such group shall not be treated as being beneficially owned by such group or any other member of such group for purposes of this definition, (3) a Person or group will not be deemed to beneficially own the Equity Interests of another Person as a result of its ownership of the Equity Interests or other securities of such other Person s parent company (or any related contractual right) unless it beneficially owns or controls 50 or more of the total voting power of the Equity 
 9 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Interests entitled to vote for the election of directors of such Person s parent company having a majority of the aggregate votes on the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Person s parent company and (4) it is understood and agreed that any transaction resulting in a Successor Borrower or Successor Holdings in accordance with the terms hereof shall not give rise to a Change of Control. 
 Charges means any charge, expense, cost, accrual, reserve or loss (other than lost revenue or profits) of any kind. 
 Class (a) when used with respect to Lenders, refers to whether such Lenders are Term Lenders of any Tranche or Revolving Credit Lenders of any Tranche, (b) when used with respect to Commitments, refers to whether such Commitments are Term Loan Commitments of any Tranche or Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche and (c) when used with respect to Loans or a Borrowing, refers to whether such Loans, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Term Loans of any Tranche or Revolving Credit Loans of any Tranche. 
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.01 , which date is January 27, 2022. 
 Closing Date Material Adverse Effect has the meaning assigned to Material Adverse Effect in the Acquisition Agreement, as in effect on June 28, 2021 and giving effect to any amendment, waiver or consent permitted under Section 4.01(i) . 
 Closing Date Mergers has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Closing Date QofE Report has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA . 
 Closing Date Refinancing means all existing third party debt for borrowed money of the Targets and or their respective applicable Subsidiaries under that certain (i) Facilities Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2020, by and among Protected, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Silicon Valley Bank as the Original Lender and (ii) Financing Agreement, dated August 22, 2017, by and among Midco, the other borrowers party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto as lenders and Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as administrative agent (it being understood and agreed that any outstanding letter of credit may, at the election of the Borrower, be replaced, backstopped, cash collateralized or incorporated or grandfathered into the Revolving Credit Facility), and all commitments, liens, security interests and guarantees thereunder (other than with respect to any cash collateral arrangement applicable to any outstanding letter of credit) have been terminated. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 CNI Growth Amount means, at any date of determination, for the period (treated as one accounting period) from the first day of the Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower during which the Closing Date occurs and ending with the last Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower included in the most recently ended Test Period, an amount determined on a cumulative basis equal to 50 of Adjusted Consolidated Net Income (whether positive or negative) for each such Fiscal Quarter included in such period. 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral means all of the Collateral referred to in the Collateral Documents and all of the other property and assets that are or are required under the terms hereof or of the Collateral Documents to be subject to Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties provided , that Collateral shall not include any Excluded Asset. 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, subject to (x) the applicable limitations set forth in this Agreement and or any other Loan Document and the terms of any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (y) the time periods (and extensions thereof) set forth in Section 6.13 and or Section 6.16 , as applicable, the requirement that 
 (t) on the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received (A) each Collateral Document Schedule 1.01B , duly executed by each Loan Party party thereto, (B) a pledge of all of the Equity 
 10 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Interests (together, in the case of Equity Interest that is certificated, with undated stock or similar powers for each such certificate executed in blank by a Responsible Officer of the pledgor thereof) listed on Schedule 3 to the Perfection Certificate, (C) each Material Debt Instrument listed on Schedule 4 to the Perfection Certificate, endorsed (without recourse) in blank or accompanied by executed transfer form in blank by the pledgor thereof and (D) UCC financing statements in appropriate form for filing in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and 
 (u) after the Closing Date, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of a Discretionary Guarantor, any Restricted Subsidiary or Parent Company) that is required to become (or otherwise becomes) a Loan Party after the Closing Date the Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (i) (A) a Guaranty Supplement, (B) a Security Agreement Supplement, (C) if the respective Restricted Subsidiary required to comply with the requirements set forth in this definition pursuant to Section 6.13 owns (or, in the case of exclusive copyright licenses, licenses) registrations of or applications for U.S. patents, trademarks and or copyrights that constitute Collateral, an Intellectual Property Security Agreement, (D) a completed Perfection Certificate, (E) a UCC financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such jurisdictions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (F) an executed joinder to each applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement in substantially the form attached as an exhibit thereto or such other form to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree 
 (ii) each item of Collateral that such Person is required to deliver under Section 4.02(a) of the Security Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be delivered within the time periods set forth in Section 6.13(a) and 
 (iii) in the case of any Person that has been designated as a Discretionary Guarantor (A) with respect to any such Person that is a Domestic Person, the documents and Collateral described in clause (b)(i) and clause (b)(ii) above, respectively, and (B) with respect to any such Person that is a not a Domestic Person, (1) a Guaranty Supplement and (2) such other documentation relating to such categories of assets (other than Excluded Assets) as is customary in the jurisdiction of formation of such Person (as reasonably determined by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) 
 Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreements, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Commitment means a Term Loan Commitment or Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. 
 Commitment Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.10(a) . 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, on any date (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments, the applicable rate per annum set forth below based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio provided , that until the first Adjustment Date following the completion of the first full Fiscal Quarter after the Closing Date, Commitment Fee Rate shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth below in Category 1 and (b) with respect to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche, the rate or rates per annum 
 11 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio Commitment Fee Rate Category 1 Greater than 2.60 to 1.00 0.50 Category 2 Equal to or less than 2.60 to 1.00 and greater than 2.10 to 1.00 0.375 Category 3 Equal to or less than 2.10 to 1.00 0.25 
 
 Any increase or decrease in the Commitment Fee Rate resulting from a change in the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date the relevant Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) provided , that at the option of the Required Revolving Lenders, Category 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which a Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered but was not delivered, and shall continue to so apply to and including the date on which such Compliance Certificate is so delivered (and thereafter the Commitment Fee Rate otherwise determined in accordance with this definition shall apply). 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.). 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Company Competitor means any competitor of the Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Compensation Period has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b)(ii) . 
 Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate means, with respect to any Company Competitor or any Affiliate thereof, any debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated lending entity (in each case, other than any Disqualified Lending Institution or any Excluded Party) that is (a) primarily engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of business for financial investment purposes and (b) managed, sponsored or advised by any person that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common control with the relevant Company Competitor or Affiliate thereof, but only to the extent that no personnel involved with the investment in the relevant Company Competitor or its Affiliates, or the management, control or operation thereof, makes (or has the right to make or participate with others in making) investment decisions on behalf of, or otherwise cause the direction of the investment policies of, such debt fund, investment vehicle, regulated bank entity or unregulated entity. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of ABR , Alternate Base Rate , SOFR , Term SOFR , SONIA and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including the definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Borrower, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner 
 12 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its reasonable discretion, after consultation with the Borrower, that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines in consultation with the Borrower is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to any Person on a consolidated basis, the sum of 
 (a) Consolidated Net Income, plus 
 (b) to the extent not otherwise included in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, the amount of any proceeds of any business interruption insurance policy (whether or not then received so long as such Person in good faith expects to receive such proceeds within the next four fiscal quarters) (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within the next four fiscal quarters), plus 
 (c) without duplication, an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been deducted for 
 (i) Consolidated Interest Expense, plus 
 (ii) Taxes paid and any provision for Taxes, including income, capital, federal, provincial, state, franchise, excise, value added and similar Taxes, property Taxes, foreign withholding Taxes and foreign unreimbursed value added Taxes (including penalties and interest related to any such Tax or arising from any tax examination, and including pursuant to any tax sharing arrangement or as a result of any intercompany distribution) paid or accrued during such period, plus 
 (iii) (A) all depreciation and amortization (including amortization of goodwill, software and other intangible assets), (B) all impairment Charges, including any bad debt expense, and (C) all asset write-offs and or write-downs, including any amortization or write-off of (1) intangible assets and non-cash organization costs, (2) deferred financing and debt issuance fees, costs and expenses, (3) capitalized expenditures (including capitalized software expenditures), customer acquisition costs and incentive payments, (4) media development costs, conversion costs and contract acquisition costs, (5) the amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance or incurrence of Indebtedness at less than par, (6) the amortization of favorable or unfavorable lease assets or liabilities and or (7) capitalized fees relating to any Receivables Facility, plus 
 (iv) any earn-out and or contingent consideration obligation (including those accounted for as bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and any adjustment thereof incurred in connection with the Transactions and or any acquisition and or other investment (whether or not consummated and whether or not occurring before or after the Closing Date) which is paid or accrued during such period and, in each case, adjustments thereof, plus 
 (v) (A) Transaction Costs, (B) any Charge incurred in connection with any transaction (in each case, whether or not consummated and whether or not permitted under this Agreement), including (1) any issuance and or incurrence of Indebtedness (including any Charge that would constitute a Public Company Cost), any Receivables Facility (including commissions, discounts, yield, interest expense and similar fees and charges relating thereto) and or any issuance and or offering of Equity Interests (including, in each case, by any Parent Company), any acquisition or other Investment, any Disposition, any recapitalization, any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, any option buyout or any repayment, redemption, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness or any similar transaction, and or (2) equipment leases and or equipment financings and or (C) Public Company Costs plus 
 13 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(vi) the amount of any Charge that is actually reimbursed or reimbursable by any third party pursuant to any indemnification or reimbursement provision or similar agreement (including any purchase price adjustment) or insurance whether or not then received so long as the relevant Person in good faith expects to receive reimbursement for such Charge within the next four fiscal quarters, plus 
 (vii) any losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any Receivables Facility, plus 
 (viii) any Charge attributable to the undertaking and or implementation of new initiatives, business optimization activities, cost savings initiatives, cost rationalization programs, operating improvements and or expense reductions and or synergies and or similar initiatives and or programs (including, in connection with any integration, operational improvement, restructuring or transition, any reconstruction, decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for alternative uses, any facility opening and or pre-opening), any inventory optimization program and or any curtailment, any business optimization Charge, any Charge relating to the destruction of equipment, any restructuring Charge and or integration Charge (including any Charge relating to any tax restructuring), any Charge relating to the closure or consolidation of any facility (including but not limited to rent termination costs, moving costs and legal costs), any systems implementation Charge, any severance Charge, any Charge relating to entry into any new market, any strategic initiative, any signing Charge, any Charge relating to any retention or completion bonus, any expansion and or relocation Charge, any Charge associated with any modification to any pension and post-retirement employee benefit plan, any product, software or intellectual property development Charge, any Charge associated with system design, update and or establishment, any upgrade Charge, any platform optimization Charge, any new system implementation Charge, any startup and or expansion Charge (including administrative, overhead, staffing and related costs and expenses), any Charge in connection with new and or expanded operations, any Charge in connection with unused warehouse space, any Charge relating to a new contract, any consulting Charge, or any corporate development Charge, any Charge relating to any distribution network and or sales channel, any Charge in connection with any exit from, wind down or termination of any line of business, any Charge related to any customer dispute, any Charge in connection with the implementation, replacement, development or upgrade of any operational, reporting and or information technology system and or technology initiative, plus 
 (ix) any Charge or deduction that is associated with any Restricted Subsidiary and attributable to any non-controlling interest and or minority interest of any third party 
 (x) any Charges incurred or accrued in connection with any single or one-time event, including in connection with (A) the Acquisition and or acquisitions or similar Investments, (B) the closing, consolidation, opening or reconfiguration of any facility, (C) any restructuring Charge, (D) one-time consulting costs and (E) any litigation or other legal matter, plus 
 (xi) any add-back, adjustment and or exclusion of the type reflected in (A) Financial Model, (B) the quality of earnings report with respect to the Targets, dated as of March 5, 2021, as supplemented prior to June 28, 2021 (the Closing Date QofE Report and or (C) any other quality of earnings report prepared by registered public accountants of recognized national standing or any other accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and delivered to the Administrative Agent (including in connection with any acquisition or similar investment after the Closing Date) (an Additional QofE Report ), plus 
 (xii) any Charge relating to entry into a new market or the sale of products in new locations (including, start-up costs, initial testing and registration costs in new markets, the cost of feasibility studies, travel costs for employees engaged in activities relating to any or all of the foregoing and the allocation of general and administrative support in connection with any and all of the foregoing) plus 
 (xiii) any non-cash Charge of such Person and its Subsidiaries, including the excess of GAAP rent expense over actual cash rent paid during such period due to the use of straight line rent for GAAP purposes provided , that to the extent that any such non-cash Charge represents an accrual or reserve for any potential cash item in any future period, (1) such Person may elect not to add back such non-cash Charge in the current period and (2) to the extent such Person elects to add back such 
 14 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

non-cash Charge in the current period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall not be added back to Consolidated EBITDA to such extent), plus 
 (d) to the extent not included in Consolidated Net Income for such period, cash actually received (or any netting arrangement resulting in reduced cash expenditures) during such period in respect of any non-cash income or gain that was deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA (including any component definition) pursuant to clause (i) below for any previous period and not added back plus 
 (e) pro forma run rate expected cost savings, operating expense reductions, operational improvements, business optimization, restructurings and or cost synergies (net of the amount of actual amounts realized) that are reasonably identifiable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) related to (i) the Transactions (ii) any asset sale, merger or other business combination, acquisition, investment, disposition, operating improvement, expense reduction, restructuring, cost saving initiative, revenue enhancement initiative and or any initiative similar to any of the foregoing (including the entry into or renegotiation of, or in respect of which binding commitments have been entered for, any contract and or other arrangement) and any specified transaction (any such transaction, improvement or initiative, a Business Optimization Initiative consummated prior to or on the Closing Date and (iii) any Business Optimization Initiative consummated after the Closing Date provided , with respect to this clause (iii) , (A) the relevant action (or substantial steps towards the relevant action) resulting in such expected cost savings, operating expense reductions, operational improvements, business optimization, restructurings, cost synergies and or revenue synergies must be either taken or expected to be taken within 24 months after the relevant date of determination and (B) the amounts added back in reliance on this clause (iii) in any Test Period shall not exceed 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period (calculated after giving full effect to the adjustments contemplated by this clause (iii and all other permitted addbacks and pro forma adjustments provided further , that the foregoing 25.0 cap shall not apply to (x) any other provision of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA or any adjustment identified in the Financial Model, the Closing Date QofE Report and or any Additional QofE Report (without regard to the amounts or time periods specified therein), or (y) any amount relating to any pro forma adjustment consistent with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act , plus 
 (f) reserved , plus 
 (g) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, an amount equal to any positive change in deferred revenue between the balance thereof as of the day before the first day of the relevant period and the balance as of the last day of the relevant period (net of any increase in capitalized expenses relating to such revenue) provided , that such deferred revenue shall be calculated without giving effect to the impact of purchasing accounting, plus 
 (h) to the extent not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income, the amount of any distribution received by such Person from any Unrestricted Subsidiary and minus 
 (i) an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income, has been included for non-cash gains (other than with respect to cash actually received) provided , that if any non-cash gain represents an accrual or deferred income in respect of potential cash items in any future period, such Person may determine not to deduct the relevant non-cash gain or income in the then-current period, 
 all as determined in accordance with GAAP, where applicable. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to Consolidated EBITDA in this Agreement shall deemed to refer to the Consolidated EBITDA of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, it is agreed that for the purpose of calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio and or the amount of any basket based on a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA for any period that includes any Fiscal Quarter listed in the table set forth below, Consolidated EBITDA for any Fiscal Quarter referenced in the table set forth below 
 15 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

shall be the amount set forth opposite such Fiscal Quarter in the table set forth below, in each case as such amount may be adjusted on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended Consolidated EBITDA December 31, 2020 28,922,490 March 31, 2021 25,794,091 June 30, 2021 38,700,078 September 30, 2021 36,282,388 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) consolidated total interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued and whether or not capitalized, (including, without duplication, amortization of any debt issuance cost, original issue discount, any premium paid to obtain payment, financial assurance or similar bonds, any interest capitalized during construction, any non-cash interest payment, the interest component of any deferred payment obligation, the interest component of any payment under any Capitalized Lease (regardless of whether accounted for as interest expense under GAAP), any commission, discount and or other fee or charge owed with respect to any letter of credit and or bankers acceptance, any fee and or expense paid to the Administrative Agent in connection with its services hereunder, any other bank, administrative agency (or trustee) and or financing fee, to the extent not otherwise included in consolidated total interest expense, customary commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including interest expense) relating to any Receivables Facility and any cost associated with any surety bond in connection with financing activities (whether amortized or immediately expensed)) plus (b) any cash dividend paid or payable in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest during such period other than to such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus (c) any net losses or obligations arising from any Swap Contract and or other derivative financial instrument issued by such Person for the benefit of such Person or its subsidiaries, in each case, determined on a consolidated basis for such period. For purposes of this definition, interest in respect of any Capitalized Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, as of any date for the applicable period ending on such date with respect to any Person (the Subject Person on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to the sum of net income, determined in accordance with GAAP, but excluding 
 (j) (i) any Charge from (A) any extraordinary item (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and or (B) any unusual, non-recurring, infrequent and or exceptional item (each as determined in good faith by the Borrower) and or (ii) any Charge attributable to and or payment of any legal settlement, fine, judgment or order 
 (k) (i) any Charge incurred as a result of, pursuant to or in connection with any management equity plan, bonus or other incentive plan, profits interest plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, pension plan or other long-term or post-employment plan (including any post-employment benefit scheme which has been agreed with the relevant pension trustee), any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, any employee benefit trust, any employment benefit scheme or any similar equity plan or agreement (including any deferred compensation arrangement) and (ii) any Charge incurred in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by management provided , that, in each case under this clause (ii) , to the extent such Charge is a cash charge, such Charge shall only be excluded to the extent the same is funded with net cash proceeds contributed to such Person as a capital contribution or as a result of the sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests of such Person, 
 (l) (i) the income of any Person (other than the Subject Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person) has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends, distributions or other payments (including any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other payment) paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period and (ii) the loss of any Person (other than the Subject Person or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject Person (or a Person who, if a subsidiary of the Subject Person, would be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Subject 
 16 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Person)) in which any other Person (other than the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) has a joint interest, other than to the extent that the Subject Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has contributed Cash or Cash Equivalents to such Person in respect of such loss during such period, 
 (m) any gain or Charge attributable to any asset Dispositions (including asset retirement costs and including any abandonment of assets) or of returned surplus assets outside the ordinary course of business, 
 (n) (i) the effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the relevant Person and its subsidiaries) in component amounts required or permitted by GAAP (including in the inventory, property and equipment, leases, rights fee arrangements, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, advanced billing and debt line items thereof), resulting from the application of purchase accounting, recapitalization accounting and or acquisition method accounting, as applicable, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or other Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amount thereof, and (ii) the cumulative effect of changes (effected through cumulative effect adjustment or retroactive application) in, and or any change resulting from the adoption or modification of, accounting principles or policies made in such period in accordance with GAAP which affect Consolidated Net Income (except that, if such Person determines in good faith that the cumulative effects thereof are not material to the interests of the Lenders, the effects of any change, adoption or modification of any such principles or policies may be included in any subsequent period after the Fiscal Quarter in which such change, adoption or modification was made) 
 (o) any Charge that is established, adjusted and or incurred, as applicable, (i) within 12 months after the Closing Date that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP, (ii) within 12 months after the closing of any other acquisition or similar Investment that is required to be established, adjusted or incurred, as applicable, as a result of such acquisition in accordance with GAAP or (iii) as a result of any change in, or the adoption or modification of, accounting principles and or policies in accordance with GAAP, 
 (p) any gain or Charge attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (and the termination of any associated Swap Contract) or of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or Permitted Warrant Transaction, and expenses associated with the equity component of, and any mark-to-market losses with respect to convertible notes, 
 (q) any non-cash charges resulting from mark-to-market accounting relating to Equity Interests, 
 (r) any unrealized or realized net gain or loss resulting from currency translation or transaction gains or losses impacting net income (including currency remeasurements of Indebtedness) and any foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses shall be excluded, including those resulting from intercompany Indebtedness and any unrealized net gains and losses resulting from obligations in respect of any Swap Contract in accordance with GAAP or any other derivative instrument pursuant the application of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic Number 815 Derivatives and Hedging , 
 (s) any non-cash impairment charges resulting from the application of ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other and ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment and the amortization of intangibles including those arising pursuant to ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , 
 (t) any non-cash compensation Charge and or any other non-cash Charge arising from the granting of any stock option or similar arrangement (including any profits interest), the granting of any stock appreciation right and or similar arrangement (including any repricing, amendment, modification, substitution or change of any such stock option, stock appreciation right, profits interest or similar arrangement) 
 (u) any deferred Tax expense associated with any tax deduction or net operating loss arising as a result of the Transactions, or the release of any valuation allowance related to any such item and 
 (v) solely for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, the income or loss of any Person accrued prior to the date on which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or consolidated with such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or the date that such other Person s assets are acquired by such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person, in each case, shall be excluded in calculating Consolidated Net Income. 
 17 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Consolidated Total Assets means, at any time with respect to any Person, the total assets appearing on the most recently prepared consolidated balance sheet of such Person as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter of such Person for which such balance sheet is available, prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as to any Person at any date of determination, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all third party debt for borrowed money and Attributable Indebtedness, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, as such amount may be adjusted to (a) reflect the effect (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of any Swap Contract entered into in respect of the currency exchange risk relating to such Indebtedness, calculated on a mark-to-market basis and (b) exclude the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness with respect to which an irrevocable deposit of the necessary funds for the payment, redemption or satisfaction of such Indebtedness has been made provided , that Consolidated Total Debt shall be calculated (i) net of Unrestricted Cash and (ii) excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, amounts owing under any earn-out obligation and or any purchase price adjustment. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, as at any date of determination, the excess of Current Assets over Current Liabilities. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control has the meaning specified in the definition of Affiliate. 
 Convertible Indebtedness means Indebtedness of the Parent or any Subsidiary thereof (which may be guaranteed by any Loan Party) that is (a) permitted to be incurred hereunder and (b) either (i) convertible into common equity of the Parent (and cash in lieu of fractional shares) and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common equity) or (ii) sold as a unit with any call option, warrant and or right to purchase (or any substantially equivalent derivative transaction) that is exercisable for common equity of the Parent and or cash (in an amount determined by reference to the price of such common equity). 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.22 . 
 Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means (a) Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, (b) Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt, (c) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt or (d) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, in each case, issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or in part, any Class of existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, or any then-existing Refinancing Indebtedness (solely for purposes of this definition, Refinanced Debt provided , that 
 (iv) such Indebtedness shall not have a greater principal amount than the principal amount plus undrawn commitments of the Refinanced Debt plus accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) thereon and reasonable fees and expenses associated with the refinancing, 
 (v) such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged on a dollar-for-dollar basis, and all accrued, interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith 
 18 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

shall be paid, substantially concurrently with the incurrence of such Refinancing Indebtedness in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.06(a) , 
 (vi) other than with respect to the Inside Maturity Amount, Customary Term A Loans or Customary Bridge Loans, such Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Refinanced Debt and the maturity date of such Indebtedness (including revolving Indebtedness) shall be no earlier than the latest maturity date applicable to the Refinanced Debt, 
 (vii) such Indebtedness is not at any time guaranteed by any Subsidiaries other than Subsidiaries that are Guarantors, and 
 (viii) the terms and conditions (including, if applicable, as to collateral) of any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Indebtedness are not materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Loan Parties or the Lenders than the terms and conditions of the Refinanced Debt, taken as a whole, unless such terms and conditions are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that (A)(1) terms and conditions materially less favorable to the Loan Parties which are applicable only after the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Refinanced Debt are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (2) terms that are more favorable to the lenders of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the applicable Lenders, and (3) terms that constitute then-current market terms, taken as a whole, for the applicable type of Indebtedness (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), in each case, shall be deemed satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (B) if any modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended Indebtedness that constitutes a revolving facility or consists of Customary Term A Loans includes a financial covenant, the requirement set forth in this clause (v) shall be satisfied if such financial covenant is added to this Agreement for the benefit of the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility but not any then-existing Term Facility. 
 Credit Extension means (a) the making of a Revolving Credit Loan or Swing Line Loan (other than any L C Reimbursement Loan or any Revolving Credit Loan resulting from the application of Section 2.05(d) or (b) an L C Credit Extension. 
 Credit Party has the meaning specified in Section 11.12(b) . 
 Cure Deadline has the meaning specified in Section 7.08(b) . 
 Cure Right has the meaning specified in Section 7.08(b) . 
 Current Assets means, at any date, (a) all assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP would be classified as current assets (excluding any (i) cash or Cash Equivalents (including cash and Cash Equivalents held on deposit for third parties by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary), (ii) permitted loans to third parties, (iii) deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (iv) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes and (v) management fees receivables) and (b) in the event that any Receivables Facility is accounted for off-balance sheet, (i) gross receivables subject to such Receivables Facility minus (ii) collections against the amounts sold pursuant to such Receivables Facility. 
 Current Liabilities means, at any date, all liabilities of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries which under GAAP would be classified as current liabilities, other than (i) short term debts, including current maturities of long term debt, (ii) outstanding revolving loans and letter of credit exposure, (iii) accruals of Consolidated Interest Expense (excluding Consolidated Interest Expense that is due and unpaid), (iv) obligations in respect of derivative financial instruments related to Indebtedness, (v) the current portion of current and deferred Taxes, (vi) liabilities in respect of unpaid earn-outs or unpaid acquisition, disposition or refinancing related expenses, deferred purchase price holdbacks, (vii) accruals relating to restructuring reserves, (viii) liabilities in respect of funds of third parties on deposit with the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ix) management fees payables, (x) the current portion of any Capitalized Lease, (xi) the current portion of any other long term liability for Indebtedness, (xii) accrued settlement costs, (xiii) non-cash compensation costs and expenses, (xiv) deferred revenue arising from cash receipts that are earmarked for 
 19 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

specific projects and (xv) any other liabilities that are not Indebtedness and will not be settled in cash or Cash Equivalents during the next succeeding twelve month period after such date. 
 Customary Bridge Loans means customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) bridge loans (other than investment grade-style 364 day bridge loans) with a maturity date of no longer than one year which automatically (or subject to customary conditions) converts or exchanges for long term Indebtedness upon maturity provided , that (a) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Class of then-existing Term Loans or Refinanced Debt, as applicable, and (b) the final maturity date of any loan, note, security or other Indebtedness which is exchanged for or otherwise replaces such bridge loans is not earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date or the maturity date applicable to the relevant Refinanced Debt, as applicable, on the date of the issuance or incurrence thereof. 
 Customary Term A Loans means customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) term A loans, including any term loan that (a) has scheduled amortization of 2.50 or more per annum in at least three years during the term thereof, (b) has a final maturity date of five years or less, (c) is primarily syndicated to commercial and or investment banks (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (d) has a financial maintenance covenant. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the greater of (a) the sum of (i) the SOFR published on such date on the NYFRB s website (or any successor source) and (ii) the SOFR Adjustment and (b)(i) with respect to the Initial Term Loans only, 0.50 and (ii) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Loans only, 0.00 . 
 De Minimis ECF Threshold has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(iii) . 
 De Minimis Proceeds Threshold has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(i) . 
 Debt Issuance means the issuance by any Person and its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness for borrowed money. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Declined Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(vi) . 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (a) with respect to ABR Loans, (i) ABR plus (ii) the Applicable Margin applicable to such ABR Loans plus (iii) 2.0 per annum, (b) with respect to Term SOFR Loans, (i) Term SOFR, plus (ii) the Applicable Margin applicable to such Term SOFR Loans, plus (iii) 2.0 per annum and (c) with respect to SONIA Loans, (i) SONIA, plus (ii) the Applicable Margin applicable to such SONIA Loans, plus (iii) 2.0 per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Person that (a) defaulted in (or is otherwise unable to perform) its obligations under this Agreement, including its obligations to make Loans, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in L C Obligations or Swing Line Obligations or (iii) pay over to the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless (A) in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied or (B) in the case of clause (iii) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that the failure to pay such other amount is the subject of a good faith dispute, (b) has notified the Borrower or the 
 20 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any such obligation or its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender or the Borrower, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) hereunder including its obligation to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding L C Obligations and Swing Line Obligations under this Agreement provided , that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Administrative Agent, L C Issuer, Swing Line Lender or Lender s and the Borrower s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent or (d) has become (or any parent company thereof has become) either the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration shall mean the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a Disposition pursuant to Section 7.05(s) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received by the Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a subsequent sale or conversion of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration to cash or Cash Equivalents). 
 Discretionary Guarantor has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.13(b) . 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale of Equity Interests, but excluding any issuance by such Person of its own Equity Interests), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, in each case, other than (i) for Qualified Equity Interests or (ii) as a result of a change of control or asset sale , (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, other than (i) for Qualified Equity Interests or (ii) as a result of a change of control or asset sale , (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date provided , that (x) for purposes of clause (a) and (b) above, any Equity Interests that would not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof (or the holders of any security into or for which such Equity Interests are convertible, exchangeable or exercisable) the right to require the issuer thereof to redeem such Equity Interests upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale occurring prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests if the terms of such Equity Interests provide that the issuer thereof will not redeem any such Equity Interest pursuant to such provisions prior to the Termination Date and (y) for purposes of clause (a) through (d) above, it is understood and agreed that if any such maturity, redemption conversion, exchange, repurchase obligation or scheduled payment is in part, only such part coming into effect prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date (determined at the time such Equity Interest is issued) shall constitute Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Disqualified Institution means 
 (a) (i) any Person identified in writing to the Arranger on or prior to June 28, 2021, (ii) any Person that is identified in writing to the Administrative Agent after the Closing Date subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), (iii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i) or (ii) above that is reasonably identifiable on the basis of such Person s name as an Affiliate of such Person, and (iv) any other Affiliate of any Person described in 
 21 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

clauses (i) , (ii) or (iii) above that is identified in a written notice to the Administrative Agent) (each such person, a Disqualified Lending Institution 
 (b) (i) any Person that is or becomes a Company Competitor and or any Affiliate of any Company Competitor (other than a Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate), in each case, that is identified in writing to the Administrative Agent, (ii) any Affiliate of any Person described in clause (i) above (other than any Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate) that is reasonably identifiable on the basis of such Person s name as an Affiliate of such Person and (iii) any other Affiliate of any Person described in clauses (i or (ii) above that is identified in a written notice to the Administrative Agent it being understood and agreed that no Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate of any Company Competitor may be designated as a Disqualified Institution pursuant to this clause (iii) and 
 (c) any Affiliate or Representative of the Arranger and or any Initial Lender that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing or venture capital (any Person described in this clause (c) , an Excluded Party 
 provided , that no written notice delivered pursuant to clauses (a)(ii) , (a)(iv) , (b)(i) and or (b)(iii) above shall apply retroactively to disqualify any person that has previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Loans under the applicable Facility prior to the delivery of such notice. 
 Disqualified Lending Institution has the meaning specified in the definition of Disqualified Institution . 
 Dissenting Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(b)(v) . 
 Dollar and means lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in any currency other than Dollars, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date or other relevant date of determination) for the purchase of Dollars with such other currency. Any determination by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (b) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Domestic Person means any Person that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 Dutch Auction has the meaning assigned to such term on Schedule 1.01C . 
 ECF Prepayment Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(iii) . 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning specified in Section 11.12(b) . 
 22 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature have the respective meanings specified by 15 U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Eligible Assignee means 
 (d) in the case of any assignment of a Term Loan, (i) a Term Lender or an Affiliate of a Term Lender and (ii) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (A) the Administrative Agent and (B) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(f) , the Borrower provided , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loan (other than any assignment to any Disqualified Institution or any natural Person) unless it has objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within 10 Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of a written notice for a consent thereto) (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and 
 (e) in the case of any assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment, any Person approved by (A) the Administrative Agent, (B) the L C Issuers, (C) the Swing Line Lender and (D) unless (x) such assignment is to a Person (other than a natural person) who is a Revolving Credit Lender (who is not then a Defaulting Lender) or (y) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(f) , the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
 provided , that Eligible Assignee shall not include any Disqualified Institution or, other than as set forth in Section 11.07(k) or (l) , Holdings or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of Holdings provided , further , that the Borrower may withhold its consent to any assignment to a Person that is known by it to be an Affiliate of a Company Competitor (other than a Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate unless the Borrower has other reasonable grounds on which to withhold its consent (it being understood and agreed that it is reasonable for the Borrower to withhold its consent to any Competitor Debt Fund Affiliate that invests in loans or similar extensions of credit with a view towards (i) owning the borrower or issuer of any such loans or similar extensions of credit or (ii) investing in special or opportunistic situations)) regardless of whether such Person is reasonably identifiable as an Affiliate of such Company Competitor on the basis of such Person s name. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all applicable Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution, the protection of the environment, human health and safety (as related to exposure to hazardous substances) or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of any Restricted Company resulting from or based upon (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities). 
 Equity Issuance means any issuance for cash by any Person and its Subsidiaries to any other Person of (a) its Equity Interests, (b) any of its Equity Interests pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants, (c) any of its Equity Interests pursuant to the conversion of any debt securities to equity or (d) any options or warrants relating to its Equity Interests. A Disposition shall not be deemed to be an Equity Issuance. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 23 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan (b) a withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (within the meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA) or is in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 304 of ERISA) (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (e) the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums not yet due or premiums due but not yet delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Escrow has the meaning specified in the definition of Indebtedness . 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 Excess Cash Flow means for any Excess Cash Flow Period, an amount equal to 
 (f) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such Excess Cash Flow Period, 
 (ii) the amount of all non-cash Charges (including depreciation and amortization) excluded in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income but excluding any non-cash charge to the extent that it represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash charge in any future period or amortization of a prepaid cash gain that was paid in a prior period, in each case, for such Fiscal Year, and 
 (iii) the decrease, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such decrease in Consolidated Working Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase and or recapitalization accounting and or (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Swap Contract minus 
 (g) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) the amount of all non-cash gains or income included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (ii) cash payments actually made in respect of Capital Expenditures, any Investment permitted by Section 7.02 (other than Investments (i) in cash or Cash Equivalents or (ii) in any Loan Party) and or any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.06 (other than any Restricted Payment made to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.06(a) during such Excess Cash Flow Period or, at the option of the Borrower, made prior to the date the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of such Excess Cash Flow Period, (A) except to the extent the relevant Capital Expenditure, Investment and or Restricted Payment is financed with the proceeds of long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) and (B) without duplication of (1) any amount deducted from Excess Cash Flow for a prior Excess Cash Flow Period and or (2) the amount of any deduction and or reduction in the amount of any mandatory prepayment resulting from the application of Section 2.06(b)(iii)(C) , 
 (iii) the increase, if any, in Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such Excess Cash Flow Period, but excluding any such increase in Consolidated Working 
 24 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Capital arising from (i) the acquisition or Disposition of any Person by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the reclassification during such period of current assets to long term assets and current liabilities to long term liabilities, (iii) the application of purchase and or recapitalization accounting and or acquisition method accounting and or (iv) the effect of any fluctuation in the amount of accrued and contingent obligations under any Swap Contract, 
 (iv) the aggregate net amount of non-cash gain on the disposition of property by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such Fiscal Year (other than sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business), to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (v) the amount, if any, which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income (including any component definition used therein) (or otherwise included in the calculation of Excess Cash Flow pursuant to clause (a) above) for such Excess Cash Flow Period, has been included in respect of income or gain from any Disposition outside of the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, 
 (vi) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, (A) proceeds received by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries from insurance claims (including with respect to Casualty Events, business interruption or product recalls) and (B) cash payments with respect to phantom equity, 
 (vii) cash payments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries made in satisfaction of non-current liabilities (other than (A) payments in respect of Indebtedness under this Agreement or (B) regularly scheduled principal payments of any other Indebtedness), 
 (viii) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary during such Excess Cash Flow Period (including any expenditure for the payment of fees in connection with any Investment permitted under Section 7.02 , Equity Issuance or Debt Issuance (whether or not consummated)) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed, 
 (ix) cash indemnity payments received pursuant to indemnification provisions in any agreement in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment or acquisition permitted hereunder, 
 (x) the aggregate amount of any cash Charge (whether or not incurred in such Excess Cash Flow Period) excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clauses (a) and or (b) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , 
 (xi) costs related to implementations that are deferred in accordance with GAAP, 
 (xii) (A) any required cash payments in respect of Swap Contracts to the extent not financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) and not deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income and (B) any realized foreign currency exchange loss actually paid or payable in cash (including any currency re-measurement of Indebtedness, any net gain or loss resulting from Swap Contracts for currency exchange risk resulting from any intercompany Indebtedness, any foreign currency translation or transaction or any other currency-related risk), 
 (xiii) without duplication of amounts deducted in calculating the prepayment under Section 2.06(b)(iii ), the aggregate amount of all principal payments and purchases of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries made during such Excess Cash Flow Period (including (A) scheduled principal payments with respect to Indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.08(a) (or any equivalent provision in any Refinancing Amendment), (B) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases, (C) the amount of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) of this Agreement and (D) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payment actually paid in cash by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary during such Excess Cash Flow Period that is required to be made in connection with any prepayment, repayment, repurchase, redemption or other retirement of Indebtedness, but excluding (1) all other prepayments of the Term Loans, (2) all repayments of any revolving credit facility arrangements (except to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction 
 25 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

in commitments thereunder that is not being made in connection with a refinancing or replacement thereof and other than in respect of the Initial Revolving Credit Loans and the Revolving Credit Commitments which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be permitted to be deducted in calculating the prepayment under Section 2.06(b)(iii) as and to the extent provided therein)), and (3) in each case any such payments and purchases to the extent financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness) 
 (xiv) amounts paid in cash (except to the extent financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) during such period on account of (i) items that were accounted for as non-cash reductions of Consolidated Net Income in a prior period and (ii) reserves or amounts established in purchase accounting to the extent such reserves or amounts are included, or not excluded from, Consolidated Net Income 
 (xv) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in respect of a prior period and except to the extent deducted in calculating the amount of any Excess Cash Flow payment in accordance with Section 2.06(b)(iii) , at the option of the Borrower, (i) the aggregate consideration (including earn-outs) required (or, in the case of Capital Expenditures, budgeted) to be paid in cash by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts, letters of intent or purchase orders entered into (or, in the case of Capital Expenditures, a budget established) prior to the date on which the Borrower is required to make a payment of Excess Cash Flow in respect of the relevant Excess Cash Flow Period relating to Capital Expenditures, acquisitions or Investments (other than Investments (A) in cash and Cash Equivalents or (B) in any Loan Party), Restricted Payments (other than any Restricted Payment made to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.06(a) ), Restricted Debt Payments, payments or reserves in respect of any tax liability, make-whole in connection with Indebtedness and or rental and or interest or other payments made or to be made in respect of any lease, concession or license of property (including any Capitalized Lease, financing lease and or operating lease) and or (ii) the aggregate amount otherwise committed, planned or budgeted to be made in connection with Capital Expenditures, acquisitions or Investments (other than Investments (A) in cash and Cash Equivalents or (B) in any Loan Party), Restricted Payments (other than any Restricted Payment made to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 7.06(a) ), Restricted Debt Payments, payments or reserves in respect of any tax liability, make-wholes in connection with Indebtedness and or rental and or interest or other payments made or to be made in respect of any lease, concession or license of property (including any Capitalized Lease, financing lease and or operating lease) (collectively, clauses (i) and (ii) , the Scheduled Expenditures ), in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) , to be consummated or made prior to the expiry of the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year (except, in each case, to the extent financed with long term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)) provided , that to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such Capital Expenditures, acquisitions, Investments, Restricted Payments, Restricted Debt Payments, tax liability, make-whole or other payments in respect of any lease, concession or license during such immediately succeeding Fiscal Year is less than the Scheduled Expenditures, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such immediately succeeding Fiscal Year and 
 (xvi) an amount equal to the sum of the aggregate net non-cash gain or income from any non-ordinary course Investment to the extent included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income. 
 Excess Cash Flow Period means each Fiscal Year of the Borrower. 
 Excluded Assets means 
 (a) (i) any leasehold interest in real property, and, except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by the filing of a UCC-1 financing statement, any other leasehold interest in any other asset and (ii) any fee-owned real property 
 (b) Equity Interests in any Person that is not the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or is a subsidiary of any Person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
 (c) Equity Interests of any (i) Captive Insurance Subsidiary, (ii) not-for-profit Subsidiary, (iii) Unrestricted Subsidiary, (iv) Immaterial Subsidiary (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary that is a Loan Party) and or (v) Receivables Subsidiary 
 26 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(d) margin stock 
 (e) assets the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would (i) be reasonably likely to result in material and adverse tax consequence as determined by the Borrower in good faith (including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code or any similar law or regulation (other than adverse tax consequences under Section 956 of the Code attributable to the assets of a Discretionary Guarantor)), (ii) be prohibited under any applicable Law (including any rule and or regulation of any governmental authority or agency) and or (iii) require any governmental or regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization, in each case to the extent such consent, approval, license or authorization has not been obtained (it being understood and agreed that no Loan Party shall have any obligation to procure any such consent, approval, license or authorization), in each case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) , after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Law and other than proceeds thereof to the extent that the assignment of the same is effective under the UCC or other applicable Law notwithstanding such consent or restriction 
 (f) any intent-to-use (or similar) trademark application prior to the filing and acceptance by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO (or similar Governmental Authority) of a Statement of Use , Amendment to Allege Use or similar filing with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability or such intent-to-use (or similar) trademark application or registration issuing therefrom under applicable federal Law 
 (g) commercial tort claims 
 (h) (i) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title and (ii) letter of credit rights (to the extent not constituting a supporting obligation), in each case, except to the extent perfection can be achieved by filing a UCC-1 financing statement (or, in the case of assets owned by a Discretionary Guarantor that is not a Domestic Person, similar filing under applicable foreign Law, or automatically without filing) 
 (i) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, obligation in respect of any Capitalized Lease, sale-leaseback obligation or similar arrangement, in each case, permitted (or not prohibited) under the Loan Documents and to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or similar arrangement or create a right of termination or consent in favor of any other party thereto (other than Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings) 
 (j) any deposit account, securities account and or similar account (including any securities entitlement), escrow, fiduciary and or trust account, payroll account, employee wage account, benefit account, tax account (including, sales tax accounts) and or any trust account, any cash collateral account, any cash and Cash Equivalents and any funds and other property held or maintained in any such accounts (other than, in each case, proceeds of other Collateral as to which perfection may be accomplished by filing a UCC-1 financing statement, automatically in accordance with the UCC) 
 (k) assets of a Subsidiary acquired by Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is encumbered to secure assumed Indebtedness permitted by the Loan Documents to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such asset from being pledged to secure the Obligations and the relevant prohibition was not implemented in contemplation of the applicable acquisition 
 (l) Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO (other than a Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO that is a Discretionary Guarantor) (i) in excess of 65 of the issued and outstanding voting stock and (ii) representing 100 of the issued and outstanding non-voting stock of such Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO, as applicable 
 (m) any governmental licenses (but not the proceeds thereof) or state or local franchises, charters and or authorizations the grant or perfection of a security interest in which would require governmental consent, to the extent security interests in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations, properties or assets are prohibited or restricted thereby after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Law and other than proceeds thereof to the extent that the assignment of the same is effective under the UCC or other applicable Law notwithstanding such consent or restriction 
 27 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(n) other assets as to which the Borrower shall reasonably determine in good faith that the costs, burden, difficulty or consequence of obtaining or perfecting a security interest therein (including (i) any mortgage, stamp, intangibles or other tax or expenses relating to such security interest and (ii) any effect on the ability of the relevant Loan Party to conduct its operations and business in the ordinary course) outweigh, or is excessive in light of, the practical benefit to the Lenders of the security afforded thereby (it being understood that the maximum guaranteed or secured amount may be limited to minimize stamp duty, notarization, registration or other applicable fees, taxes and duties where the benefit to the Lenders of increasing the guaranteed or secured amount is disproportionate to the level of such fee, taxes and duties) 
 (o) (i) any (A) aircraft, airframes, aircraft engines, helicopters and equipment and or other assets that are affixed to, or otherwise constitute, such aircraft, airframes, aircraft engines and or helicopters (including any engines, auxiliary power units, related components or records pertaining thereto) and (B) proceeds of the foregoing (to the extent encumbered by an aircraft lease) and (ii) any lease, license or other agreement pertaining to the assets described in the foregoing clause (i)(A) that is permitted (or not prohibited) under the Loan Documents and to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or other agreement or create a right of termination or consent in favor of any other party thereto (other than Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings) and 
 (p) any asset subject to a Receivables Facility. 
 Excluded Party has the meaning specified in the definition of Disqualified Institution . 
 Excluded Subsidiary means 
 (q) any Restricted Subsidiary that (i) is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and (ii) is a Subsidiary of any Person described in clause (i) 
 (r) any Immaterial Subsidiary 
 (s) any Restricted Subsidiary that (i) is prohibited or restricted from providing a Guaranty by (A) any Law or (B) any Contractual Obligation that exists on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary (which Contractual Obligation was not entered into in contemplation of the acquisition of such Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to assumed Indebtedness permitted or not prohibited by this Agreement)) or (ii) would require a governmental (including regulatory) or third party consent, approval, license or authorization (including any regulatory consent, approval, license or authorization) to provide a Guaranty (including under any financial assistance, corporate benefit, thin capitalization, capital maintenance, liquidity maintenance or similar legal principles) that is, in the case of a third party consent, approval, license or authorization, required on the Closing Date or at the time such Restricted Subsidiary becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained (it being understood and agreed that none of Holdings, the Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries shall have any obligation to obtain (or seek to obtain) any such consent, approval, license or authorization) 
 (t) any not-for-profit Subsidiary 
 (u) any Captive Insurance Subsidiary 
 (v) any Receivables Subsidiary 
 (w) any Foreign Subsidiary 
 (x) any broker-dealer Subsidiary 
 (y) any Domestic Subsidiary that (i) is a FSHCO or (ii) is a direct or indirect subsidiary of any Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO 
 (z) any Unrestricted Subsidiary 
 28 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(aa) any Restricted Subsidiary acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is an obligor in respect of assumed Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03 to the extent (and for so long as) the documentation governing the applicable assumed Indebtedness prohibits such subsidiary from providing a Guaranty (which prohibition was not implemented in contemplation of such Restricted Subsidiary becoming a subsidiary in order to avoid the requirement of providing a Guaranty) 
 (ab) solely in the case of any Secured Hedging Obligation that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1(a)(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act, any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an eligible contract participant as defined under the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder and 
 (ac) any other Restricted Subsidiary with respect to which the burden or cost of providing a Guaranty outweighs, or would be excessive in light of, the practical benefits afforded to the Lenders thereby as determined by the Borrower in good faith in consultation with the Administrative Agent. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means with respect to any Guarantor (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation, or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of (or grant of such security interest by, as applicable) such Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Party and swap counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.09 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(ii) or (c) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 3.01(e) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Excluded Unrestricted Subsidiary has the meaning specified in Section 6.15 . 
 Extended Revolving Credit Commitment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a)(i) . 
 Extended Revolving Credit Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a)(i) . 
 Extended Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a)(ii) . 
 Extension has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a) . 
 Extension Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Lender that agrees to an Extension and (d) to the extent relating to the Revolving Credit Commitments, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, in accordance with Section 2.18 . 
 Extension Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a) . 
 29 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Facility means each Term Facility or each Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may require. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements implementing any of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention implementing any of the foregoing. 
 FCPA has the meaning specified in Section 5.08(b) . 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate provided , that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter means that certain Fee Letter, dated as of June 28, 2021, among the Parent, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger. 
 Financial Covenant Standstill has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b) . 
 Financial Model means the model most recently made available by the Borrower to the Arranger prior to June 28, 2021. 
 FinLLC has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 FinLLC Merger has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 First Lien Debt means (a) the Initial Term Loans and the Initial Revolving Credit Loans and (b) any other Indebtedness (other than any such Indebtedness among Holdings, the Borrower and or any of their respective Subsidiaries) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the Initial Term Loans and the Initial Revolving Credit Loans. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt that is First Lien Debt to (b) Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Fiscal Quarter means a fiscal quarter of any Fiscal Year. 
 Fiscal Year means each fiscal year of the Borrower ending on December 31 of each calendar year. 
 Fixed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(c) . 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Recipient that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Recipient that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 FSHCO means (a) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than the equity and or debt of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code and (b) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than the equity and or debt of one or more Persons of the type described in the immediately preceding clause (a) . 
 30 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States that are in effect and applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination in respect of which reference to GAAP is made. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(i) . 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien) provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or Disposition of assets or other transactions permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guaranteed Obligations means (a) in respect of the Guarantee by the Borrower set forth in Article 10 of this Agreement, (i) all Secured Hedging Obligations of each other Loan Party and (ii) all Cash Management Obligations of each other Loan Party and (b) in respect of the Guarantee of Holdings and any Subsidiary Guarantor set forth in Article 10 of this Agreement or in any other guaranty or guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.13 , all Secured Obligations of each other Loan Party, now or hereafter existing (including any extensions, modifications, substitutions, amendments or renewals of any or all of the foregoing obligations), whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, and whether for principal, interest, fees, indemnities, contract causes of action, costs, expenses or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations of any Guarantor shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor. 
 Guarantors means, collectively, (i) Holdings, (ii) the Borrower and (iii) each Subsidiary Guarantor. The Borrower shall be considered a Guarantor hereunder solely with respect to its Guaranteed Obligations under Article 10 . 
 Guaranty means, collectively, the Guarantee by Holdings and each Subsidiary Guarantor set forth in Article 10 of this Agreement together with any other guaranty or guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.13 as well as the Guarantee provided by the Borrower solely with respect to its Guaranteed Obligations under Article 10 . 
 Guaranty Supplement has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . 
 31 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law as hazardous, toxic, pollutants or contaminants or words of similar meaning or effect. 
 Hedge Bank means any Person, in its capacity as a counterparty to a Swap Contract, that is, at the time that it enters into a Swap Contract with any Restricted Subsidiary, (a) the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, regardless of whether such Person subsequently ceases to be the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender or an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent, an Arranger, a Lender, L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender and or (b) designated by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in writing as a Hedge Bank provided , that any such Person designated in accordance with clause (b) shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, it being understood that each such provider shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 9 , Section 11.16 and Section 11.17 and any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Holdings has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement and shall, for the avoidance of doubt, include any Successor Holdings. 
 Holdings Operating Agreement means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date. 
 Honor Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . 
 Identified Disqualified Institution has the meaning specified in Section 11.09(d) . 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means, as of any date, any Subsidiary of the Borrower the contribution to (a) Consolidated EBITDA of which does not exceed (i) 5.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently Test Period and (ii) when taken together with the contribution to Consolidated EBITDA of all other Subsidiaries that are Immaterial Subsidiaries, 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (b) Consolidated Total Assets of which does not exceed (i) 5.0 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) when taken together with the contribution to Consolidated Total Assets of all other Subsidiaries that are Immaterial Subsidiaries, 10.0 of Consolidated Total Assets as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period provided , that, at all times prior to the first delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) , this definition shall be applied based on the pro forma consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 4.01 . 
 Incremental Cap means the sum of 
 (ad) (i) the greater of (A) 97,500,000 and (B) 75.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, minus (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of any Incremental Facility and or Incremental Equivalent Debt previously incurred or issued in reliance on this clause (a) , plus 
 (ae) (i) in the case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt that effectively extends the maturity of any Tranche of the existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, an amount equal to such Term Loan or Revolving Credit Commitment replaced with such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt, as applicable, and (ii) in the case of any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt that effectively replaces any Revolving Credit Commitment terminated under Section 3.09 or Section 11.01(b)(v) , an amount equal to the portion of the relevant terminated Revolving Credit Commitments, plus 
 (af) the amount of any voluntary prepayments of the Term Loans, Incremental Equivalent Debt or any permanent reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments or revolving commitments with respect to Incremental Equivalent Debt (to the extent not financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness)), plus 
 32 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ag) an unlimited amount so long as, after giving effect to the relevant Incremental Facility or the relevant 
 (i) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt constitutes First Lien Debt, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 2.95 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, 
 (ii) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt constitutes Junior Lien Debt, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.70 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, or 
 (iii) if such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt is unsecured, at the election of the Borrower the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.95 1.00 as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 provided , that for purposes of calculating such First Lien Leverage Ratio, Secured Leverage Ratio or Total Leverage Ratio under this clause (d) (x) the cash proceeds from any such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt shall not be netted from Indebtedness and (y) any Revolving Credit Commitments then being incurred or established shall be assumed to be fully drawn (this clause (d) , the Incremental Incurrence-Based Component ). 
 For purposes of any determination under the Incremental Cap, it is understood and agreed (1) any Incremental Facility and or any Incremental Equivalent Debt may be incurred under one or more of clauses (a) through (d) of this definition as selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion provided , that unless the Borrower elects otherwise, any such Incremental Facility and or Incremental Equivalent Debt will be deemed to have been incurred first under the Incremental Incurrence-Based Component, to the maximum extent permitted thereunder and (2) if any Incremental Facility and or Incremental Equivalent Debt is intended to be incurred or implemented in reliance on the Incremental Incurrence-Based Component, such Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt (or the relevant portion thereof) shall be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on clause (d) prior to the utilization of any amount available under clauses (a) , (b) or (c) . 
 Incremental Commitments Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(g) . 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness in the form of pari passu senior secured or unsecured notes or loans and or junior secured or unsecured notes or loans and or, in each case commitments in respect of any of the foregoing provided , that 
 (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof shall not exceed the Incremental Cap (as in effect at the time of determination, including giving effect to any reclassification on or prior to such date of determination) 
 (b) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to such notes or loans (other than Customary Bridge Loans, Customary Term A Loans and or revolving Indebtedness) is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then existing Term Loans provided , that the Borrower may incur Incremental Equivalent Debt with a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the then available Inside Maturity Amount 
 (c) the final maturity date with respect to such notes or loans (other than Customary Bridge Loans, Customary Term A Loans and or revolving Indebtedness) is no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date on the date of the issuance or incurrence, as applicable, thereof provided , that the Borrower may incur Incremental Equivalent Debt with a final maturity date earlier than the relevant Latest Term Loan Maturity Date in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the then available Inside Maturity Amount 
 (d) subject to clauses (b) and (c) , such Indebtedness may otherwise have an amortization schedule as determined by the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt 
 (e) the currency, pricing (including any MFN or other pricing terms), interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, premiums (including prepayment premiums), funding discounts and the maturity and amortization 
 33 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

schedule applicable to any Incremental Equivalent Debt shall be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Equivalent Debt provided that, with respect to any Incremental Equivalent Debt that constitutes MFN Indebtedness, the Initial Term Loans shall benefit from the MFN Provision 
 (f) such Incremental Equivalent Debt will be documented pursuant to separate documentation from the credit agreement governing the Facilities 
 (g) if such Indebtedness is (i) secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Secured Obligations that constitute First Lien Debt, (ii) secured by the Collateral on a junior basis as compared to the Secured Obligations that constitute First Lien Debt or (iii) subordinated to the Obligations in right of payment, then the holders of such Indebtedness (or a representative thereof) shall be party to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and 
 (h) no such Indebtedness may be (A) issued or guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Borrower which is not a Loan Party (it being understood and agreed that the obligations of any Person with respect to any Escrow arrangement into which the proceeds of such Indebtedness are deposited shall not constitute a guarantee by any subsidiary that is not a Loan Party) or (B) secured by any asset of any Subsidiary that does not constitute Collateral it being understood that any such Indebtedness that is funded into Escrow pursuant to customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) escrow arrangements may be secured by the applicable funds and related assets held in Escrow (and the proceeds thereof) until the date on which such funds are released from Escrow. 
 Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Incremental Facility Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement that is reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (solely for purposes of giving effect to Section 2.16 and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Lender that agrees to provide all or any portion of the Incremental Facility being incurred pursuant thereto and in accordance with Section 2.16 . 
 Incremental Incurrence-Based Component has the meaning specified in the definition of Incremental Cap . 
 Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . 
 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(b) . 
 Incurrence-Based Amount has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(c) . 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP 
 (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money 
 (j) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments or agreements to the extent the same would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding footnotes thereto) of such Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (k) the maximum available amount of all letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created by or for the account of such Person 
 (l) net obligations of such Person under Swap Contracts (with the amount of such net obligations being deemed to be the aggregate Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date) 
 (m) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (w) accrued expenses and trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business, (x) any earn-out obligation or purchase price adjustment until such obligation (A) becomes a liability on the statement of financial position or balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP and (B) has not 
 34 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

been paid within 30 days after becoming due and payable, (y) any earn-out obligation that appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person to the extent (A) such Person is indemnified for the payment thereof by a solvent Person (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) or (B) amounts to be applied to the payment therefor are in escrow and (z) liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits) which purchase price is (i) due more than six months from the date of the incurrence of the obligation in respect thereof or (ii) evidenced by a note or similar written instrument 
 (n) any monetary obligation of any other Person (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse 
 (o) all Attributable Indebtedness 
 (p) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests and 
 (q) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of the obligations under any of the foregoing clauses of other Persons. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) to the extent such Person would be liable therefor under applicable Law or any agreement or instrument by virtue of such Person s ownership interest in such Person, (A) except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor and (B) only to the extent the relevant Indebtedness is of the type that would be included in the calculation of Consolidated Total Debt. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (f) above shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (x) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Indebtedness and (y) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall exclude (i) intercompany loans and or advances arising from cash management, tax and accounting operations, (ii) intercompany loans and or advances made in the ordinary course of business that have a term that does not exceed 364 days, (iii) obligations incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction solely to the extent the proceeds thereof are and continue to be held in an escrow, trust, collateral or similar account or arrangement (collectively, an Escrow and are not otherwise made available to such Person, (iv) prepaid or deferred revenue and (v) obligations that constitute Indebtedness solely by virtue of a pledge of an Investment (without an accompanying guaranty) in any Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall be calculated without giving effect to the effects of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 or Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, as applicable, and related interpretations to the extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of Indebtedness for any purpose hereunder as a result of accounting for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness (it being understood that any such amounts that would have constituted Indebtedness hereunder but for the application of this paragraph shall not be deemed an incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder). 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 11.05 . 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a) , Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 11.05 . 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 11.09 . 
 Initial Lenders means the Arranger and the affiliates of the Arranger who are party to this Agreement as Lenders on the Closing Date. 
 35 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Initial Revolver Maturity Date means the date that is five years after the Closing Date. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Initial Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to make Initial Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(b) (and purchase participations in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans), in an aggregate principal at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name under the caption Initial Revolving Credit Commitment on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, and as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate Initial Revolving Credit Commitments of all Initial Revolving Credit Lenders is 50,000,000 on the Closing Date. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Lender means, at any time, any Person that has an Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and or Initial Revolving Credit Loan at such time. 
 Initial Revolving Credit Loan means a loan made pursuant to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Initial Revolving Outstandings means, with respect to any Initial Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Loans plus its Pro Rata Share of the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations plus its Swing Line Obligations attributable to its Initial Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Initial Term Lender means any Person with an Initial Term Loan Commitment or an outstanding Initial Term Loan. 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment means, as to any Person, the obligation of such Person to make Initial Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Person s name on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Initial Term Loan Commitment or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Person becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. The aggregate amount of Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is 400,000,000. 
 Initial Term Loan Maturity Date means the date that is five years and six months after the Closing Date. 
 Initial Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Inside Maturity Amount means (a) the greater of (A) 65,000,000 and (B) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period minus (b) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred in reliance on (i) Section 2.16, (ii) Section 2.19 , (iii) Section 7.03(aa) and or (vi) Section 7.03(cc) that, in each case under this clause (b) , (A) consists of debt for borrowed money that is incurred by a Loan Party, (B)(1) has a maturity date that is earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and or (2) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any then-existing tranche of Term Loans (without giving effect to any prepayment thereof) and (C) is incurred in reliance on the Inside Maturity Amount. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement means any agreement executed on or after the Closing Date confirming or effecting the grant of any Lien on IP Rights owned (or, in the case of exclusive copyright licenses, licensed) by any Loan Party that constitute Collateral to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, required in accordance with this Agreement and the Security Agreement, including an Intellectual Property Security Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Term SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan provided , that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates and (b) as to any ABR Loan or any SONIA Loan, each Scheduled Payment Date and the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan. 
 Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, and ending on the 
 36 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

date that is one month, three months or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Loan Notice or such other period as agreed by the Borrower and all applicable Lenders and the Administrative Agent provided , that 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day 
 (ii) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date applicable to such Loan. 
 Investment means, as to any Person (a) the purchase or other acquisition for consideration of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance (in each case, other than any advance to any current or former employee, officer, director, member of management, manager, consultant or independent contractor of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary, or any Parent Company for moving, entertainment and travel expenses, drawing accounts and similar expenditures in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution to, or Guarantee of Indebtedness of, another Person, in each case, in exchange for consideration or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, but giving effect to (i) any repayment of principal and or interest in the case of any Investment in the form of a loan or other debt instrument and (ii) any return of capital or return on Investment in the case of any equity Investment (whether as a distribution, dividend, redemption or sale but not in excess of the amount of the relevant initial Investment). It is understood and agreed that the term Investment shall exclude (A) intercompany advances arising from cash management, tax and accounting operations and (B) intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness made in the ordinary course of business that have a term that does not exceed 364 days. 
 Investors means (a) the Sponsors, (b) the Management Investors, (c) Cannae Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and (d) other direct or indirect investors in the Borrower that rolled over their Equity Interests on the Closing Date. 
 IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.07 . 
 IP Separation and Relicense Transaction means (a) any Disposition by any Loan Party or any Protected Entity of any Material Intellectual Property to any Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than any bona fide operational joint venture established for legitimate business purposes) and or (b) any Investment by any Loan Party or any Protected Entity in the form of a contribution of Material Intellectual Property to any Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than any bona fide operational joint venture established for legitimate business purposes), in each case, which Material Intellectual Property is, following the consummation of such Investment licensed by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary from the recipient of such Material Intellectual Property for use by the Borrower and or such Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business (other than pursuant to a bona fide transition service or similar arrangement or in the same manner as other customers, suppliers or commercial partners of the relevant transferee generally). 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Junior Indebtedness means any Indebtedness described in clause (a) of the definition of Indebtedness (other than such Indebtedness among Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective 
 37 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Subsidiaries) of any Loan Party that (i) is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations and (ii) has an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of the Threshold Amount. 
 Junior Lien Debt any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness among Holdings, the Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries) that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is expressly junior or subordinated to the Lien on the Collateral securing the Initial Term Loans and the Initial Revolving Credit Loans. 
 Latest Maturity Date means the later of the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and the Latest Revolver Maturity Date. 
 Latest Revolver Maturity Date means, as at any date, the latest to occur of (a) the Initial Revolver Maturity Date and (b) the latest termination date in respect of any outstanding Additional Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Latest Term Loan Maturity Date means, as at any date, the latest to occur of (a) the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date and (b) the latest maturity date in respect of any Additional Term Loan. 
 Laws means, collectively, all applicable international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
 L C Commitment means, as to any L C Issuer, its commitment to issue Letters of Credit, and to amend, increase or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, pursuant to Section 2.04 , in an aggregate available amount of Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer at any time outstanding not to exceed (a) in the case of any L C Issuer party hereto, the amount set forth opposite such L C Issuer s name on Schedule 2.01 under the heading L C Commitments and (b) in the case of any Revolving Credit Lender that becomes an L C Issuer hereunder thereafter, the amount which shall be set forth in the written agreement by which such Revolving Credit Lender shall become an L C Issuer hereunder, in each case as such commitment may be changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof or with the agreement in writing of such L C Issuer, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. The aggregate L C Commitments of all the L C Issuers shall be less than or equal to the Letter of Credit Sublimit at all times. 
 L C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal (other than through the operation of any evergreen provision) or increase of the amount thereof. 
 L C Disbursement has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . 
 L C Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(i) . 
 L C Issuer means Bank of America and any other Revolving Credit Lender (or Affiliate thereof) that agrees in writing with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to act as an L C Issuer, in each case in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 L C Obligations means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus the aggregate of all outstanding Unreimbursed Amounts. 
 L C Reimbursement Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . 
 L C Support means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, that (a) such Letter of Credit has been Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to 100 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit, (b) a separate letter of credit has been issued in favor of the L C Issuer (or its designee) with respect to such Letter of Credit pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer and in an amount equal to 100 of the face amount of the applicable Letter of Credit issued hereunder, (c) such Letter of Credit has been deemed reissued under 
 38 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

another agreement in a manner reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer or (d) other arrangements reasonably acceptable to the relevant L C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit. 
 Legal Reservations means the application of Debtor Relief Laws and general principles of equity. 
 Lender Recipient Party means collectively, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuers. 
 Lenders means the Term Lenders, the Revolving Credit Lenders and any other Person that becomes a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and, as the context requires, includes each L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued hereunder. A Letter of Credit may be a commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the relevant L C Issuer and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. 
 Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five days prior to the Latest Revolver Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means 15,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, deposit arrangement for security, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing but excluding operating leases), in each case, in the nature of security. 
 Loan means a Term Loan, a Revolving Credit Loan or a Swing Line Loan. 
 Loan Documents means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Collateral Documents, (c) the Notes, (d) the Guaranty, (e) any Perfection Certificate, (f) each Incremental Facility Amendment, (g) each Refinancing Amendment, (h) each Extension Amendment, (i) any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement (if any) to which the Borrower is a party and (j) any other document or instrument designated in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent as a Loan Document . Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto. 
 Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other or (c) a continuation of Term SOFR Loans pursuant to Section 2.02 , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor. 
 Make-Whole Amount means, with respect to any prepayment made prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount equal to the present value of the aggregate amount of interest that, but for such prepayment or replacement, would have accrued on the portion of Initial Term Loans being prepaid or replaced during the period from the date of prepayment to but excluding the first anniversary of the Closing Date (excluding accrued but unpaid interest as of the date of such prepayment), calculated (a) using a constant interest rate equal to Term SOFR for an Interest Period of one month as of the date of such prepayment or 
 39 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

replacement plus the relevant Applicable Margin, in each case, (b) using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 0.50 . 
 Management Investors means the current and former officers, directors, managers, employees and members of management of the Borrower, any Parent Company and or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle of the foregoing individuals and any other Person Controlled by the foregoing individuals. 
 Managing Member means the managing member of Holdings designated pursuant to the Holdings Operating Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business or assets of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material and adverse effect on the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) a material and adverse effect on the rights and remedies (taken as a whole) of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Companies means Holdings, the Borrower and all Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries). 
 Material Debt Instrument means any physical instrument evidencing any Indebtedness for borrowed money owing from any Person other than any Loan Party which is required to be pledged and delivered to the Administrative Agent (or its bailee) pursuant to the Security Agreement. 
 Material Intellectual Property means any intellectual property owned by any Loan Party or any Protected Entity that is, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, material to the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, (b) with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments and the Initial Revolving Credit Loans, the Initial Revolver Maturity Date, (c) with respect to any Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and Extended Revolving Credit Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Amendment, (d) with respect to any Incremental Term Loans or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, and (e) with respect to any Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 11.11 . 
 Merger Sub has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Merger Sub Merger has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 MergerLLC has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 MergerLLC Merger has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 MFN Indebtedness means any Indebtedness incurred or implemented in reliance on Sections 2.16 , 7.03(z) and or 7.03(aa) that is 
 (r) pari passu with the Initial Term Loans in right of payment and with respect to security 
 (s) denominated in Dollars and 
 (t) a term loan 
 provided , that any individual Indebtedness that would otherwise constitute MFN Indebtedness with an initial aggregate principal amount (determined at the time of the incurrence or implementation thereof) not 
 40 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

in excess of the greater of 65,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period shall not constitute MFN Indebtedness. 
 MFN Provision has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(e) . 
 Midco has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Midco Merger has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Minimum Extension Condition has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(b) . 
 MNPI has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(k) . 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan covered by Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Narrative Report means narrative report discussing the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the relevant Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, in the form customarily prepared by management of the Borrower. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means 
 (u) with respect to the Disposition of any asset by any Restricted Company or any Casualty Event, the aggregate proceeds in cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including any cash or Cash Equivalents received (x) by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received and, with respect to any Casualty Event, any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of such Casualty Event actually received by or paid to or for the account of such Restricted Company and (y) upon the Disposition of any non-cash consideration received by such Restricted Company in any such Disposition at the time of such Disposition), net of 
 (i) the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest and other amounts on any Indebtedness that is secured by the asset subject to such Disposition or Casualty Event and that is repaid in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt or any Incremental Equivalent Debt), 
 (ii) selling costs and the out-of-pocket expenses (including attorneys fees, investment banking fees, accountants fees, consultant s fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees) actually incurred by such Restricted Company in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event, 
 (iii) taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable by such Restricted Company or any of the direct or indirect members thereof (including any amounts permitted to be distributed under Section 7.06(k) and attributable to such Disposition (including, in respect of any proceeds received in connection with a Disposition or Casualty Event of any asset of any Foreign Subsidiary, deductions in respect of withholding taxes that are or would be payable in cash if such funds were repatriated to the United States), 
 (iv) any cash escrow (until released from escrow to the Restricted Companies) from the sale price for such Disposition, 
 (v) payments required to be made to holders of minority interests in Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of such Disposition, 
 41 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(vi) in the case of any Disposition by any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (vi) that is attributable to any minority interest and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary as a result thereof, 
 (vii) any amount used to repay or return any customer deposit required to be repaid or returned as a result of such Disposition, and 
 (viii) any reserve for adjustment in respect of (A) the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP and (B) any liabilities associated with such asset or assets and retained by such Restricted Company after such sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction 
 provided , that (x) no proceeds realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds unless such proceeds shall exceed 5,000,000 and (y) no proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) in any Fiscal Year until the aggregate amount of all such proceeds in such Fiscal Year shall exceed 10,000,000 (and thereafter only proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) and 
 (v) with respect to the incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by any Restricted Company, the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate amount of cash received in connection with such incurrence over (ii) the taxes, investment banking fees, underwriting discounts, commissions, costs and other out-of-pocket fees and expenses and other customary expenses, incurred by such Restricted Company (or, in the case of taxes, any member thereof) in connection with such incurrence or issuance (including any cost associated with the unwinding of any Swap Contract in connection with such Indebtedness) and, in the case of Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary, deductions in respect of withholding taxes that are or would otherwise be payable in cash if such funds were repatriated to the United States). 
 Non-ECP Guarantor means each Guarantor other than a Qualified ECP Guarantor. 
 Nonrenewal Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b)(iii) . 
 Not Otherwise Applied means with respect to any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests, that the proceeds of such issuance of Qualified Equity Interest were not applied to consummate any transaction under Article 7 the permissibility of which was conditioned on the receipt of such proceeds. 
 Note means a Term Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context may require. 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of any Loan Party to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Lender, in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or 
 42 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(i)(D) . 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Relevant Rate Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.09 ). 
 Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to the Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term Loans, Revolving Credit Loans (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit as a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing) and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date and (b) with respect to any L C Obligations on any date, the aggregate outstanding amount thereof on such date after giving effect to any L C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes thereto as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements of outstanding unpaid drawings under any Letters of Credit (including any refinancing of outstanding unpaid drawings under Letters of Credit or L C Credit Extensions as a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing) or any reductions in the maximum amount available for drawing under Letters of Credit taking effect on such date. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, with respect to any amount (a) denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (b) denominated in any Alternate Currency, the Administrative Agent s customary rate for interbank advances in such Alternate Currency. 
 Parent has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Parent Company means any Person of which the Borrower is a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, it being understood that Parent Company shall include the Parent. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(f) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(g) . 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate contributes or has an obligation to contribute or has any liability. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit K or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Perfection Requirements means (a) with respect to any Loan Party (other than any Discretionary Guarantor that is a not a Domestic Person), the filing of appropriate financing statements under the UCC with the office of the Secretary of State or other appropriate office of the state of organization of each Loan Party, 
 43 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

the filing of Intellectual Property Security Agreements or other appropriate instruments or notices with the USPTO and the U.S. Copyright Office (in each case, solely as required under applicable Law), and the delivery to the Administrative Agent of, solely to the extent the same constitutes Collateral, any equity certificate or Material Debt Instrument, together with instruments of transfer executed in blank and (b) with respect to any Discretionary Guarantor that is a not a Domestic Person, any recording, filing, registration, notification or other action required to be taken in the applicable jurisdiction, in each case of the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) , to the extent required by the applicable Loan Documents. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition made by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of (a) all or substantially all of the assets, or any business unit, line of business or division of, any Person or (b) of a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of any Person, but in any event, including any Investment in (x) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture, in each case if (1) such Person is or becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or (2) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is amalgamated, merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys all or a substantial portion of its assets (or such business unit, line of business or division) to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction. 
 Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction means any call or capped call option (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) with respect to the Parent s common equity that is purchased by the Parent in connection with the issuance of any Convertible Indebtedness provided , that the purchase price for such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction, less the proceeds received by the Parent from the sale of any related Permitted Warrant Transaction, does not exceed the net proceeds received by the Parent from the Convertible Indebtedness issued in connection with such Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any other Loan Party in the form of one or more series of senior secured notes or loans provided , that (i) such Indebtedness constitutes First Lien Debt and is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than the Collateral and (ii) the holders of such Indebtedness (or their Senior Representative) and the Administrative Agent shall be party to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Permitted Holders means (a) the Investors and (b) any Person with which one or more Investors form a group (within the meaning of Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act) so long as, in the case of this clause (b) , the relevant Investors beneficially own more than 50 of the relevant voting Equity Interests beneficially owned by the group. 
 Permitted Junior Priority Refinancing Debt means secured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in the form of one or more series of secured notes or secured loans provided , that (i) such Indebtedness shall constitute Junior Lien Debt and not be secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than the Collateral and (ii) the holders of any such Indebtedness (or their Senior Representative) and Administrative Agent shall be party to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt means unsecured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party in the form of one or more series of senior or subordinated unsecured notes or loans. 
 Permitted Warrant Transaction means any call option, warrant or right to purchase (or substantively equivalent derivative transaction) with respect to the Parent s common equity sold by the Parent substantially concurrently with a related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) maintained or sponsored by the Borrower or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 44 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(d) . 
 Pounds Sterling or refers to lawful money of England and Wales. 
 Prepayment Asset Sale means any non-ordinary course Disposition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary made pursuant to Section 7.05(s) . 
 Prime Rate means (a) the rate of interest publicly announced, from time to time, by the Administrative Agent at its principal office in New York City as its prime rate, with the understanding that the prime rate is one of the Administrative Agent s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as the Administrative Agent may designate or (b) if the Administrative Agent has no prime rate, the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the FRB in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the FRB (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 
 Pro Forma Basis means, for purposes of calculating Consolidated Total Assets, Consolidated EBITDA, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, and in each case, any component definition thereof, the financial covenant set forth in Section 7.08 that 
 (w) in the case of (i) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary or any division and or product line of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) any designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary and or (iii) the implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative relating to a cost-savings action, income statement items (whether positive or negative and including any expected cost saving) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, shall be excluded as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made 
 (x) in the case of (i) any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment, (ii) any designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary and or (iii) any transaction described in clause (i) of the definition of Specified Transaction , income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction shall be included as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made 
 (y) any retirement or repayment of Indebtedness by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that constitutes a Specified Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made 
 (z) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith that constitutes a Specified Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which the relevant determination is being made provided , that, (i) if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, such Indebtedness shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable Test Period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness at the relevant date of determination (taking into account any interest hedging arrangements applicable to such Indebtedness), (ii) interest on any obligation with respect to any Capitalized Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in good faith to be the rate of interest implicit in such obligation in accordance with GAAP and (iii) interest on any Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be determined to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen by the Borrower 
 (aa) the acquisition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total Assets (other than the amount cash or Cash Equivalents, which is addressed in clause (f) below), whether pursuant to any Specified Transaction or any Person becoming a subsidiary or merging, amalgamating or consolidating with or into the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, or the Disposition of any asset included in calculating Consolidated Total 
 45 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Assets described in the definition of Specified Transaction , shall be deemed to have occurred as of the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made 
 (ab) other than, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of Section 7.08(a) , Unrestricted Cash shall be calculated as of the date of the consummation of such Specified Transaction after giving pro forma effect thereto, including any application of cash proceeds in connection therewith (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the cash proceeds of any Indebtedness that is the Specified Transaction for which such a calculation is being made) and 
 (ac) each other Specified Transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets, as of the last day of such Test Period) with respect to any test or covenant for which such calculation is being made. 
 It is hereby agreed that in connection with any incurrence of Indebtedness that is a Specified Transaction in respect of which compliance with any specified leverage ratio test is by the terms of this Agreement required to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis, (x) the proceeds of such Indebtedness shall not be netted from Consolidated Total Debt in the calculation of the applicable leverage ratio test and (y) if such Indebtedness is a revolving facility, such Indebtedness shall be assumed to be fully drawn on the first day of the fiscal period covered thereby for purposes of calculating the applicable leverage ratio test. 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to each Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Commitments of such Lender (and, if applicable, in the case of Term Loans, the principal amount thereof) under the applicable Class and Tranche at such time and the denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments (and, if applicable, in the case of Term Loans, the principal amount thereof) under the applicable Class and Tranche at such time provided , that in the case of Section 2.17 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist under the Revolving Credit Facility, Pro Rata Share shall mean the percentage of the total Revolving Credit Commitments under the applicable Tranche (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment with respect to the applicable Tranche) represented by such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of the applicable Tranche. 
 Protected means Protected.net Group Limited, a private limited company incorporated in England & Wales with registered company number 10161957. 
 Protected Entities means Protected and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Protected Holdings has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Company Costs means any Charge associated with, or in anticipation of, or preparation for, compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (and any similar Law) and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith and Charges relating to compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (and, in each case, any similar Law), as applicable to companies with equity or debt securities held by the public, the rules of national securities exchange companies with listed equity or debt securities, directors , managers and or employees compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, Charges relating to investor relations, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders or debtholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees (including auditors and accountants fees), listing fees, filing fees and other costs and or expenses associated with being a public company. 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.22 . 
 46 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligations, each Loan Party that has assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under 1a(180(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means Equity Interests of Holdings other than Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Ratio Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(z) . 
 Receivables Facility means any receivables, factoring and or securitization facility, arrangement or program that is, other than in the case of any factoring arrangement, non-recourse to the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Receivables Subsidiary (except for customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) representations, warranties, covenants, performance undertakings, indemnities, guarantees and liens), pursuant to which the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries sells, contributes, transfers and or grants a security interest in Receivables Facility Assets to either (A) a person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) a Receivables Subsidiary that, in turn, pledges, sells or otherwise transfers its Receivables Facility Assets to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary (including any subsidiary of the Borrower). 
 Receivables Facility Assets means accounts receivables, payables or other similar securitization assets (including royalty and other revenue streams or other rights to payment and the proceeds thereof) and or similar and or related assets. 
 Receivables Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower formed for the purpose of, or that solely engages in, any permitted securitization, receivables facility, receivables financing or Receivables Facility and or any other receivables arrangement and any other activity reasonably related thereto. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, (c) any L C Issuer, as applicable and (d) the Swing Line Lender, as applicable. 
 Refinanced Debt has the meaning set forth in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment, restatement, amendment and restatement, supplementation or other modification to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower executed by each of (a) the Borrower, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Person that agrees to provide any portion of the Refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto and (d) to the extent relating to the Revolving Credit Commitments, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, in accordance with Section 2.19 . 
 Refinancing Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Refinancing Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a) . 
 Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments means revolving credit commitments established pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans means the revolving credit loans made pursuant to the Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments. 
 Refinancing Revolving Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.19 . 
 Refinancing Revolving Lender means a Lender with a Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitment or an outstanding Refinancing Revolving Credit Loan. 
 Refinancing Term Loan Lender means a Lender with an outstanding Refinancing Term Loan. 
 47 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Refinancing Term Loans means term loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(e) . 
 Rejecting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(vi) . 
 Relevant Rate means with respect to any Loan or L C Credit Extension denominated in (a) Pounds Sterling, SONIA, (b) Dollars, Term SOFR and (c) any Alternate Currency other than Pounds Sterling, the relevant Alternate Currency Interest Rate, as applicable. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30-day notice period has been waived. 
 Representative means, with respect to any Person, any members, partners, directors (or equivalent managers), officers, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants, independent auditors or other experts and advisors of such Person. 
 Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Revolving Credit Loans, a Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 
 Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage means, as of any date of determination, (a) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than 2.45 1.00, 50 (b) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.45 1.00 and greater than 1.95 1.00 (with such First Lien Leverage Ratio test calculated after giving effect to the applicable prepayment determined at a rate of 50 ), 25 and (c) if the First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 1.95 1.00, 0 (with such First Lien Leverage Ratio test calculated after giving effect to the applicable prepayment determined at a rate of 25 it being understood and agreed that, for purposes of this definition as it applies to the determination of the amount of Excess Cash Flow that is required to be applied to prepay the Term Loans under Section 2.06(b)(iii) for any Excess Cash Flow Period, the First Lien Leverage Ratio shall be determined on the scheduled date of prepayment calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving pro forma effect to such prepayment. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Total Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition), (b) aggregate unused Term Loan Commitments, if any, and (c) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments, if any provided , that the unused Term Loan Commitment, unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Required Net Proceeds Percentage means 100 . 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and all L C Obligations (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) aggregate unused Revolving Credit Commitments, if any provided , that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Outstanding Amounts held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 
 Required Tranche Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders of a Tranche (voting as a single class) having more than 50 of the sum of the (a) Outstanding Amount of all Loans under such Tranche, (b) aggregate unused Commitments, if any, under such Tranche and (c) with respect to a Tranche under a Revolving Credit Facility, all L C Obligations (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition) under such Tranche, if any provided , that the portion of such Outstanding Amounts, L C Obligations and unused Commitments held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Tranche Lenders. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b)(i) . 
 48 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, any executive vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer or other similar officer of a Loan Party (or any other person duly authorized by a Loan Party to act with respect to the Loan Documents on behalf of such Loan Party) and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, secretary or assistant secretary. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(v)(D) . 
 Restricted Companies means Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and Restricted Company means any of the foregoing. 
 Restricted Debt Payment has the meaning specified in Section 7.09 . 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) on account of any Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof). The amount expended in any Restricted Payment, if other than in cash, will be deemed to be the fair market value of the relevant non-cash assets, as determined in good faith by the Borrower. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Revolving Credit Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency, each of the following (i) each date of any Borrowing of such Revolving Credit Loan, (ii) each date of any continuation of such Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) the last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter and (iv) the date of any voluntary reduction of a Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.07(a) and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency, each of the following (i) each date of issuance of such a Letter of Credit, (ii) each date of an amendment of such a Letter of Credit that increases the face amount thereof and (iii) the first Business Day of each calendar month. 
 Revolver Maturity Date means with respect to any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, the maturity date applicable thereto. 
 Revolver Representation Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(d) . 
 Revolver Representation Standstill has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(d) . 
 Revolving Credit Commitment means any Initial Revolving Credit Commitment and any Additional Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments at such time. 
 Revolving Credit Lender means any Initial Revolving Credit Lender and any Additional Revolving Credit Lender. 
 Revolving Credit Loan means any Initial Revolving Credit Loan and any Additional Revolving Credit Loan. 
 Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Revolving Credit Lender or its registered permitted assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-2 , evidencing the aggregate 
 49 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

indebtedness of the Borrower owed to such Revolving Credit Lender resulting from the Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender. 
 Revolving Facility Test Condition means, as of any date of determination, that the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans (including Swing Line Loans and excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, up to 5,000,000 undrawn Letters of Credit) as of such date exceeds an amount equal to 35 of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments as of such date. 
 Revolving Outstandings means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the sum of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Loans plus its Pro Rata Share, determined for this purpose solely among the Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, of the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations plus its Swing Line Obligations. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Sale and Lease-Back Transaction means any arrangement providing for the lease by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary of any property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in contemplation of such lease arrangement. 
 Same Day Funds means, with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars or any Alternate Currency, immediately available funds. 
 Sanctions has the meaning specified in Section 5.08(a) . 
 Scheduled Expenditures has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Excess Cash Flow . 
 Scheduled Payment Date means the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the last Business Day of March 2022. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Secured Hedging Obligations means all obligations (other than Excluded Swap Obligations) of any Loan Party in respect of any Swap Contract entered into with any Hedge Bank for which such Loan Party agrees to provide security and in each case that has been designated to the Administrative Agent in writing by the Borrower as being a Secured Hedging Obligation for purposes of the Loan Documents, it being understood that each counterparty thereto shall be deemed (A) to appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent under the applicable Loan Documents and (B) to agree to be bound by the provisions of Article 9 , Section 11.16 and Section 11.17 and any applicable Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement as if it were a Lender. 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt that is secured to (b) Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Secured Obligations means the Obligations, the Secured Hedging Obligations and the Cash Management Obligations. 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, each L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender, the Hedge Banks, the Cash Management Banks and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.02 . 
 Security Agreement means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit G . 
 Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 50 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Senior Representative means, with respect to any series of Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or other agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 
 Similar Business means any Person the majority of the revenues of which are derived from a business that would be permitted by Section 6.17 . 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment means (x) with respect to Daily Simple SOFR, 0.15 , and (y) with respect to Term SOFR, 0.10 for an Interest Period of one-month s duration, 0.15 for an Interest Period of three-months duration, and 0.25 for an Interest Period of six-months duration. 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the sum of the debt (including contingent liabilities) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not exceed the fair value of the assets (on a going concern basis) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the capital of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not unreasonably small in relation to the business of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, contemplated as of such date of determination and (c) such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, does not intend to incur, or believe that it will incur, debts (including current obligations and contingent liabilities) beyond their ability to pay such debt as they mature in accordance with their terms. For purposes of this definition, (x) it is assumed that the indebtedness and other obligations under this Agreement will come due at their respective maturities and (y) the amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any applicable determination date the greater of (a) the sum of (i) the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the applicable Reuters screen page on the fifth Business Day preceding such date (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) and (ii) the Sonia Adjustment and (b) 0.00 provided , that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto. 
 SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.1193 per annum. 
 SPC has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(i) . 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations means the representations and warranties made by, or on behalf of, the Targets, their respective Subsidiaries or their respective businesses in the Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders in their capacity as such, but only to the extent that the Parent (or its applicable Affiliate) has the right to terminate its (or such Affiliate s) obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the Acquisition as a result of a breach of such representations and warranties in the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Specified Equity Contribution has the meaning specified in Section 7.08(b) . 
 Specified Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness (for purposes of this definition only, Refinancing Indebtedness of such Person provided , that 
 (ad) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended (for purposes of this definition only, Refinanced Indebtedness except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amount paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with the incurrence of such Refinancing Indebtedness and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder or as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.03 , 
 51 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ae) if the Refinanced Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Refinanced Indebtedness, taken as a whole, or pursuant to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, and 
 (af) such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred by the Person who is the obligor (or another of the Restricted Companies, at the election of the Borrower provided , that if the obligor is a Loan Party, such other Restricted Company must also be a Loan Party) on the Refinanced Indebtedness. 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.01(a)(i) (as it relates to organizational existence of the Loan Parties), Section 5.01(b)(ii) (as it relates to the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents), Section 5.02(b) (as it relates to the due authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents), Section 5.02(c)(i) (as it relates to execution, delivery and performance by the Loan Parties of the applicable Loan Documents, the incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder and the granting of guarantees and security interests in respect thereof), Section 5.04 , Section 5.08 (solely as it relates to the use of proceeds in violation of the FCPA, OFAC or the USA Patriot Act), Section 5.12 , Section 5.14 and Section 5.15 (as it relates the creation, validity and perfection of security interests in the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations). 
 Specified Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, chief accounting officer or general counsel of the Borrower. 
 Specified Subsidiary has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(v)(A) . 
 Specified Transaction means 
 (ag) the Transactions, 
 (ah) any Permitted Acquisition or any other acquisition or similar Investment, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any business line, unit or division of, any Person or of a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of any Person (and, in any event, including any Investment in (i) any Restricted Subsidiary the effect of which is to increase the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s respective equity ownership in such Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any joint venture for the purpose of increasing the Borrower s or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary s ownership interest in such joint venture), in each case that is permitted by this Agreement, 
 (ai) any Restricted Payment, 
 (aj) the implementation of any Business Optimization Initiative, 
 (ak) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, 
 (al) the incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than fluctuation in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes), 
 (am) any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or Equity Interests of any Subsidiary (or any business unit, line of business or division of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) not prohibited by this Agreement, 
 (an) any capital contribution in respect of Qualified Equity Interests or any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests, 
 (ao) reserved , and 
 (ap) any other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires pro forma compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a pro forma basis. 
 52 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Sponsors means, collectively, Trasimene Trebia, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and BGPT Trebia LP, a Cayman Islands exempted partners and, in each case, each of its Controlled Affiliates and any fund that is managed or advised by it or any of its Controlled Affiliates. 
 Spot Rate means, for any currency, on any Revaluation Date or other relevant date of determination, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate quoted by the Administrative Agent as the spot rate for the purchase by the Administrative Agent of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. on the date that is two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided , that the Administrative Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent if the Administrative Agent does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 
 Standstills means collectively, the Financial Covenant Standstill and the Revolver Representation Standstill. 
 Subject Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(d)(iii) . 
 Subject Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(i)(A) . 
 Subject Person has the meaning specified in the definition of Consolidated Net Income . 
 Subject Proceeds has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b)(i)(A) . 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise Controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means (a) on the Closing Date each subsidiary of the Borrower (other than any such subsidiary that is an Excluded Subsidiary on the Closing Date) and (b) thereafter, each subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a Guarantor of the Secured Obligations pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, in each case, until such time as the relevant subsidiary is released from its obligations under the Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 7.04 . 
 Successor Holdings has the meaning specified in Section 7.10 . 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 11.22 . 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward contracts, futures contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, sell buy backs and buy sell back agreements, and securities lending and borrowing agreements or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement or related schedules, including any such obligations or liabilities arising therefrom. 
 53 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Swap Obligation means any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a) , the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.05 . 
 Swing Line Facility means the revolving credit sub-facility made available by the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.05 . 
 Swing Line Lender means Bank of America, in its capacity as lender of Swing Line Loans hereunder, or any successor swing line lender hereunder provided , that such successor swing line lender is a Revolving Credit Lender. 
 Swing Line Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a) . 
 Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.05(b) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 Swing Line Obligations means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time. The Swing Line Obligations of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Pro Rata Share, determined for this purpose solely among the Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, of the total Swing Line Obligations at such time related to Swing Line Loans other than any Swing Line Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as a Swing Line Lender and (b) if such Lender shall be a Swing Line Lender, the aggregate principal amount of all Swing Line Loans made by such Lender outstanding at such time (to the extent that the other Lenders shall not have funded their participations in such Swing Line Loans). 
 Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to 15,000,000. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Targets has the meaning specified in the recitals hereto. 
 Tax Distribution Amount for a member for an estimated tax period (or portion thereof) means 
 (aq) the product of (i) the Assumed Tax Rate and (ii) the aggregate amount of taxable income or gain of Holdings that is allocated or is estimated to be allocated to such member for U.S. federal income tax purposes for such period (or portion thereof) and all prior estimated tax periods (to the extent no Tax Distribution has previously been made with respect to any amounts of taxable income or gain, including to the extent such amounts of taxable income or gain were not taken into account in calculating the Tax Distribution Amount for which a Tax Distribution was previously made (e.g., if upon filing the final tax return of Holdings for the applicable taxable year, taxable income or gain of Holdings is higher than estimated)) reduced, but not below zero, by any tax deduction, loss, or credit previously allocated to such member and not previously taken into account for purposes of the calculation of the amount of any Tax Distribution Amount plus 
 (ar) solely with respect to the Managing Member, to the extent the amounts described in clause (a) above are not sufficient to permit the Managing Member to timely pay its actual U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax liabilities related to its allocable share of the tax items of Holdings and timely meet its obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, any incremental amount required to permit the Managing Member to timely pay such actual tax liabilities and timely meet its obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement (with all Tax Distribution Amounts updated to reflect the final tax returns of Holdings for each applicable taxable year) 
 54 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

provided , that (i) Tax Distribution Amounts shall be computed without regard to the effect of any special basis adjustments or resulting adjustments to taxable income made pursuant to Sections 734(b), 743(b), and 754 of the Code (ii) the Managing Member shall make, in its reasonable discretion, equitable adjustments (downward (but not below zero) or upward) to the members Tax Distribution Amounts (but in any event pro rata in proportion to the members respective number of common units) to take into account increases or decreases in the number of common units held by each member during the relevant period and (iii) all payments of Tax Distributions shall be treated for all purposes under the Holdings Operating Agreement as advances against, and shall offset and reduce dollar-for-dollar, subsequent distributions under Section 6.1 of the Holdings Operating Agreement 
 provided , further , that the Managing Member shall cause Holdings to make Tax Distributions to each member on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s respective percentage interests in Holdings in an amount such that the member with the highest Tax Distribution Amount per common unit receives an amount equal to such member s Tax Distribution Amount, on a quarterly basis at least five days prior to the date on which any estimated tax payments are due, in order to permit each member to timely pay its estimated tax obligations for each such estimated tax period (or portion thereof) (and solely in the case of the Managing Member, to satisfy its obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement). 
 Tax Distributions means a payment that is permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.06(o)(i) . 
 Tax Receivable Agreement means the tax receivable agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among Holdings, Parent and certain other owners of units of Holdings. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Term Loan Commitments or Term Loans at such time. 
 Term Lender means any Initial Term Lender and any Additional Term Lender. 
 Term Loan means any Initial Term Loans and any Additional Term Loans. 
 Term Loan Commitment means any Initial Term Loan Commitment and any Additional Term Loan Commitment. 
 Term Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Term Lender or its registered permitted assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit C-1 , evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower owed to such Term Lender resulting from the Term Loans made by such Term Lender. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (a) the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided , that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided , that, if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than (a) 0.50 solely with respect to the Initial Term Loans, then Term SOFR shall be deemed 0.50 per annum for purposes of this Agreement, and (b) 0.00 solely with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Loans, then Term SOFR shall be deemed 0.00 per annum for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 55 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . 
 Termination Date has the meaning specified in Article 6 . 
 Test Period means, as of any date, (a) for purposes of determining actual compliance with Section 7.08(a) , the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) and (b) for any other purpose, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters then most recently ended for which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) , as applicable, have been delivered (or are required to have been delivered) or, if earlier, are internally available it being understood and agreed that (i) prior to the first delivery (or required delivery) of financial statements under Section 6.01(a) or 6.01(b) , Test Period means the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which financial statements of the Targets are available and (ii) in the case of clause (b) above, at the election of the Borrower in its sole discretion, the period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending on the last day of the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year may constitute a Test Period if financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(b) for the fourth Fiscal Quarter of such Fiscal Year are internally available. 
 Threshold Amount means the greater of 47,500,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Total Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding on such date of determination to (b) Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L C Obligations. 
 Total Revolving Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans, all L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans. 
 Tranche means (a) when used with respect to Revolving Credit Lenders, Revolving Credit Commitments, Revolving Credit Loans or a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing, refers to whether such lenders, commitments or loans (or loans comprising such borrowing) are (i) Initial Revolving Credit Lenders, Initial Revolving Credit Commitments or Initial Revolving Credit Loans, (ii) holders of any Extended Revolving Credit Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof or such Extended Revolving Credit Loans, (iii) holders of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment in respect thereof or such Loans made pursuant any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment or (iv) holders of any Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans, Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments in respect thereof or such Refinancing Revolving Credit Loans and (b) when used with respect to Term Loans or Term Lenders, refers to whether such lenders, commitments or loans (or loans comprising such borrowing) are (i) Initial Term Loans or (ii) holders of any tranche of Incremental Term Loans, commitments of such holders in respect thereof or such Incremental Term Loans, (iii) holders of any Extended Term Loans, commitments of such holders in respect thereof or such Extended Term Loans, or (iv) holders of any Refinancing Term Loans, commitments of such holders in respect thereof or such Refinancing Term Loans. 
 Transaction Costs means fees, premiums, expenses and other transaction costs (including original issue discount or upfront fees) payable or otherwise borne by the Borrower, any Parent Company and or its subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions and the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the Acquisition and the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, (b) the Closing Date Mergers, (c) the Closing Date Refinancing, (d) the funding of the Loans on the Closing Date and the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents on the Closing Date and (e) the payment of Transaction Costs. 
 56 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Treasury Rate means, as of the date of any prepayment made prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, the weekly average yield on actively traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year. 
 Type means with respect to a Loan, its character as an ABR Loan, a Term SOFR Loan or a SONIA Loan. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 USA Patriot Act has the meaning specified in Section 11.20 . 
 USPTO has the meaning specified in the definition of Excluded Assets . 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYFRB is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning specified in Section 11.22 . 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(3) . 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . 
 Unrestricted Cash means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate amount of (a) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are restricted in favor of the Facilities (whether or not also restricted in favor of any other permitted secured Indebtedness) (which may also include cash and Cash Equivalents securing other permitted First Lien Debt or Junior Lien Debt), in each case (x) whether or not held in a pledged account and (y) calculated in accordance with GAAP. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) each Subsidiary of the Borrower listed on Schedule 1.01A and (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.15 subsequent to the Closing Date (and continuing until such time that such designation may be thereafter revoked by the Borrower) and (c) any Subsidiary of any Person described in the foregoing clauses (a) and or (b) . 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness provided , that the effects of any prepayment made in respect of such Indebtedness shall be disregarded in making such calculation. 
 57 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100 of the Equity Interests of which (other than directors qualifying shares or shares required by requirements of Law to be owned by a resident of the relevant jurisdiction) shall be owned by such Person or solely by one or more direct or indirect Subsidiaries of such Person in each case that are also each a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.02. Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document 
 (a) The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b) The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (c) Article, Section, Exhibit and Schedule references are to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. 
 (d) The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 
 (e) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including. 
 (f) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (g) Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein or in any Loan Document shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified or extended, replaced or refinanced (subject to any restrictions or qualifications on such amendments, restatements, amendment and restatements, supplements or modifications or extensions, replacements or refinancings set forth herein). 
 (h) Any reference to any Law in any Loan Document shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 
 (i) Any reference herein or in any Loan Document to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns. 
 (j) The words asset and property , when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 58 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 1.03. Accounting Terms . 
 (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations pursuant to Section 7.08 required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, as in effect from time to time. 
 (b) If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio set forth in any Loan Document, and the Borrower and or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP, in each case, if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the receipt of notice thereof provided , further , that, until so amended, (i) such ratio shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a written reconciliation in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, between calculations of such ratio made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein but, for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 1.08 , financial ratios and other financial calculations pursuant to this Agreement (including the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio, the Total Leverage Ratio and the amount of Consolidated Total Assets and Consolidated EBITDA (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow)) shall, following any Specified Transaction, be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis until the completion of four full Fiscal Quarters following such Specified Transaction. Further, if since the beginning of any such Test Period and on or prior to the date of any required calculation of any financial ratio or test (i) any Specified Transaction has occurred or (ii) any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any joint venture since the beginning of such Test Period has consummated any Specified Transaction, then, in each case, any applicable financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis for such Test Period as if such Specified Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Test Period (or, in the case of Consolidated Total Assets (or with respect to any determination pertaining to the balance sheet, including the acquisition of Cash and or Cash Equivalents), as of the last day of such Test Period) (it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that solely for purposes of (A) calculating actual compliance with Section 7.08(a) and (B) calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio for purposes of the definitions of Applicable Margin and Commitment Fee Rate , in each case, the date of the required calculation shall be the last day of the Test Period, and no Specified Transaction occurring thereafter shall be taken into account). 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement (including paragraph (a) or (b) above or in the definition of Capitalized Leases ), only those leases (assuming for purposes hereof that such leases were then in existence) that would constitute Capitalized Leases in conformity with GAAP as in effect prior to giving effect to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) and ASU No. 2018-11 Leases (Topic 842) shall be considered Capitalized Leases hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made, prepared or available, as applicable, in accordance therewith provided , that all financial statements required to be provided hereunder may, at the option of the Borrower, be prepared in accordance with GAAP without giving effect to the foregoing treatment of Capitalized Leases. 
 Section 1.04. Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 Section 1.05. Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g ., a Term Loan ), by Type e.g ., a Term SOFR Loan or by Tranche e.g ., an Incremental Term Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Term Loan or Type and Tranche e.g. , a Term SOFR Incremental Term Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Term Loan Borrowing ), by Type e.g ., a Term SOFR Borrowing ), or by Tranche e.g ., an Incremental Term Loan Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a Term SOFR Term Loan Borrowing or Type and Tranche e.g. , a Term SOFR Incremental Term Loan Borrowing ). 
 59 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 1.06. Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 Section 1.07. Timing of Payment or Performance . When the payment of any obligation or the performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such payment or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be provided , that, with respect to any payment of interest on or principal of Term SOFR Loans, if such extension would cause any such payment to be made in the next succeeding calendar month, such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. 
 Section 1.08. Certain Calculations and Tests . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to the extent that the terms of this Agreement require (i) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including Section 7.08 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test and or any Total Leverage Ratio test) and or any cap expressed as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA, (ii) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default), (iii) the making or accuracy of any representation and or warranty or (iv) compliance with availability under any basket (including any basket expressed as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets), in each case, as a condition to (A) the consummation of any transaction in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment, (B) the making of any Restricted Payment, (C) the making of any Restricted Debt Payment and or (D) the assumption or incurrence of any Indebtedness in connection with transactions described in the foregoing clauses (A) through (C) the determination of whether the relevant condition is satisfied may be made, at the election of the Borrower, (1) in the case of any acquisition or similar Investment (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated, assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) the execution of the definitive agreement with respect to such acquisition or Investment, (y) in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code or Takeover and Mergers (or any comparable Law) applies, the date on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer in respect of the target of an acquisition (or equivalent notice under comparable Law) or (z) the consummation of such acquisition or Investment, (2) in the case of any Restricted Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated, assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) the declaration of such Restricted Payment provided , that such Restricted Payment is made within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof), or (y) the making of such Restricted Payment and (3) in the case of any Restricted Debt Payment (including with respect to any Indebtedness contemplated, assumed or incurred in connection therewith), at the time of (or on the basis of the financial statements for the most recently ended Test Period at the time of) either (x) delivery of irrevocable (which may be conditional) notice of prepayment issued in compliance with the definitive documents applicable to such Junior Indebtedness with respect to such Restricted Debt Payment or (y) the making of such Restricted Debt Payment, in each case, after giving effect to (I) the relevant acquisition, Investment, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment and or any related Indebtedness (including the intended use of proceeds thereof) and (II) to the extent definitive documents in respect thereof have been executed, the Restricted Payment has been declared or delivery of notice with respect to a Restricted Debt Payment has been given (which definitive documents, declaration or notice has not terminated or expired without the consummation thereof), any other Specified Transaction that the Borrower has elected to treat in accordance with this clause (a) . 
 (b) For purposes of determining the permissibility of any action, change, transaction or event that requires a calculation of any financial ratio or test (including, Section 7.08 , any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and or the amount of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets), such financial ratio or test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis at the time such action is taken (subject to clause (a) above), such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be, and no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of a change in such financial ratio or test occurring after the time such action is taken, such change is made, such transaction is consummated or such event occurs, as the case may be. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with respect to any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that does not require compliance with a financial ratio or test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and or Section 7.08 (any such amount, including any such amount drawn or deemed to have been drawn under any revolving credit facility and, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
 60 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

amount that is expressed as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets, a Fixed Amount substantially concurrently with any portion of such amount incurred or such transaction entered into (or consummated) in reliance on a provision of this Agreement that requires compliance with a financial ratio or test (including any First Lien Leverage Ratio test, any Secured Leverage Ratio test, any Total Leverage Ratio test and or Section 7.08 , any such amount, an Incurrence-Based Amount ), it is understood and agreed that any Fixed Amount shall be disregarded in the calculation of the financial ratio or test applicable to the relevant Incurrence-Based Amount. The Borrower may elect that any amount incurred or transaction entered into (or consummated) be permitted in reliance on one or more of any Incurrence-Based Amount or any Fixed Amount in its sole discretion provided , that unless the Borrower elects otherwise and except as set forth in the definition of Incremental Cap , each such amount or transaction shall be deemed incurred, entered into or consummated first under any Incurrence-Based Amount to the maximum extent permitted thereunder. 
 (d) It is understood and agreed that any Affiliate transaction, Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Disposition, Restricted Payment, burdensome agreement or Restricted Debt Payment need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Affiliate transaction, Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Disposition, Restricted Payment, burdensome agreement or Restricted Debt Payment under Sections 6.16 , 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.03 , 7.05 , 7.06 , 7.07 or 7.09 , respectively, and may instead be permitted in part under any combination thereof, but the Borrower will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in one such category (or combination thereof). For purposes of determining compliance at any time with Sections 2.16 , 6.16 , 7.01 , 7.02 , 7.03 , 7.05 , 7.06 and 7.09 , in the event that any Lien, Investment, Indebtedness, Disposition, Restricted Payment, Affiliate transaction or Restricted Debt Payment, as applicable, meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of transactions or items permitted pursuant to any clause of such Section 2.16 , 6.16 , 7.01 (other than Section 7.01(a) ), 7.02 , 7.03 (other than Sections 7.03(b) and (aa) provided , that it is understood that the provisions of this Section 1.08(d) shall apply to any amount incurred in reliance on any provision of the definition of Incremental Cap ), 7.05 , 7.06 or 7.09 , the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may, from time to time, classify or reclassify such transaction or item (or portion thereof) under one or more clauses of each such Section and will only be required to include the amount and type of such transaction (or portion thereof) in any one category provided , that 
 (i) upon the date on which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) or (b) are delivered or, if earlier, are or become internally available on the date of, or following, the making of any Investment in reliance on Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(t) ), if all or any portion of such Investment could, based on such financial statements, have been made in reliance on Section 7.02(t) , such Investment (or the relevant portion thereof) shall automatically be reclassified as having been made in reliance on Section 7.02(t) 
 (ii) upon the date on which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) or (b) are delivered or, if earlier, are or become internally available on the date of, or following, the initial incurrence of (x) any portion of any Indebtedness incurred under Section7.03 (other than (other than Sections 7.03(b) and (aa) or (y) any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt (in the case of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y) , such portion of such Indebtedness, the Subject Indebtedness ), if any such Subject Indebtedness could, based on such financial statements, have been incurred in reliance on Section 7.03(z) , such Subject Indebtedness shall automatically be reclassified as having been incurred under the applicable provisions of Section 7.03(z) (subject to the applicable provision of Section 7.03(z) and any associated Lien will be deemed to have been permitted under Section 7.01 upon any such reclassification) 
 (iii) upon the date on which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) or (b) are delivered or, if earlier, are or become internally available on the date of, or following, the making of any Restricted Payment under Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(c) ), if all or any portion of such Restricted Payment could, based on such financial statements, have been made in reliance on Section 7.06(c) , such Restricted Payment (or the relevant portion thereof) shall automatically be reclassified as having been made in reliance on Section 7.06(c) and 
 (iv) upon the date on which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) or (b) are delivered or, if earlier, are or become internally available on the date of, or following, the making of any Restricted Debt Payment under Section 7.09 (other than Section 7.09(e) ), if all or any portion of such Restricted Payment could, based on such financial statements, have been made in reliance on Section 7.09(e) , such Restricted Payment (or the relevant portion thereof) shall automatically be reclassified as having been made in reliance on Section 7.09(e) . 
 61 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

provided , further , that it is understood and agreed that, with respect to the fourth Fiscal Quarter of any Fiscal Year, prior to the date on which financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(a) for such Fiscal Year are delivered or are required to be delivered, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, rely on financial statements of the type described in Section 6.01(b) that are internally available to trigger the reclassification of any transaction based on the financial results as of the end of the fourth Fiscal Quarter of such Fiscal Year. 
 (e) To the extent the applicability of Section 6.16 or 7.05 with respect to any transaction is subject to a materiality threshold, such transaction shall only be required to comply with the provisions of such Sections to the extent of the amount of such transaction that is in excess of such materiality threshold. 
 (f) The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 (g) The increase in any amount secured by any Lien by virtue of the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest or a dividend in the form of additional Indebtedness, amortization of original issue discount and or any increase in the amount of Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of any fluctuation in the exchange rate of any applicable currency will not be deemed to be the creation, incurrence, assumption, or the permission or sufferance to exist of a Lien for purposes of Section 7.01 . 
 (h) With respect to any pro forma calculation that is required to be made in connection with any acquisition or similar Investment in respect of which financial statements for the applicable target are not available for the same Test Period for which financial statements of the Borrower are available, the Borrower shall make the relevant calculation on the basis of the relevant available financial statements (even if for differing periods) or such other commercially reasonable basis as the Borrower may elect. 
 (i) Any determination of the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Indebtedness shall be made by the Borrower in good faith at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness. 
 (j) It is understood and agreed that the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary may incur Indebtedness permitted under any provision of Section 7.03 to refinance Indebtedness originally incurred under the same provision of Section 7.03 while the Indebtedness being refinanced remains outstanding so long as the proceeds of the applicable refinancing Indebtedness are promptly deposited with the trustee or other applicable representative of the holders of the Indebtedness being refinanced, which proceeds will be applied to satisfy and discharge the Indebtedness being refinanced in accordance with the documentation governing such Indebtedness. 
 (k) With respect to any determination under the terms of this Agreement that is vested in the Borrower, the Borrower shall have a right, in its sole discretion (but not any obligation), to deliver notice of such determination to the Administrative Agent, together with a reasonably detailed description thereof, which notice shall be conclusive evidence that such determination satisfied the applicable standard under this Agreement or the relevant other Loan Document unless, within five Business Days following receipt of notice of such determination (and the related description) from the Borrower, the Required Lenders deliver a written objection to such determination to the Borrower, which written objection states, with specificity, the basis upon which the Required Lenders object to such determination. 
 (l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, if, after delivery of any Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) , it is subsequently determined that the First Lien Leverage Ratio set forth in such Compliance Certificate is inaccurate for any reason and the result of such inaccuracy is that the Lenders received any amount of interest or any fee for any relevant period based on an Applicable Margin or Commitment Fee or payment of principal based on the Required Net Proceeds Percentage or the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage that is less than the amount that would have applied if the First Lien Leverage Ratio set forth in such Compliance Certificate had been accurately reported, then, for all purposes under this Agreement, (i) in the case of the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee, the Applicable Margin and the Commitment Fee for each day during the relevant period shall be revised to be based upon the accurately determined First Lien Leverage Ratio and, in such event, any shortfall in the amount of any applicable interest payment shall be due and payable within five Business Days following the date on which the Borrower becomes aware of the relevant inaccuracy and (ii) in the case of the 
 62 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Required Net Proceeds Percentage or the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage, any shortfall in the amount of any applicable principal payment shall be due and payable within five Business Days following the date on which the Borrower becomes aware of the relevant inaccuracy. In the event that (A) any inaccuracy in the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio resulted in a shortfall in the amount of any required interest or principal payment and (B) such inaccuracy resulted from a good faith mistake on the part of the Borrower in the preparation of such calculation, no Default or Event of Default shall arise under this Agreement with respect thereto unless the relevant amount has not been paid within the period described in the preceding sentence. 
 (m) With respect to determination of the permissibility of any transaction by Holdings, the Borrower and or any subsidiary under this Agreement, (i) the delivery by the Borrower of a third party valuation report from (A) a nationally recognized accounting, appraisal, investment banking or consulting firm or (B) another firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in each case, shall be conclusive with respect to the value of the assets covered thereby and (ii) any determination of whether an action is taken in the ordinary course of business or in a manner consistent with past practice (or, in either case, any similar expression) shall be made by the Borrower in good faith. 
 (n) It is understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that the carve-outs from the provisions of Section 6.19 and or Article 7 may include items or activities that are not restricted by the relevant provision and the inclusion of such items or activities shall not be construed to expand the scope of Section 6.19 and or Article 7 , as applicable. 
 Section 1.09. Exchange Rates Currencies Generally . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent shall determine the Spot Rate as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating the Dollar Equivalent amount of any Revolving Credit Loan and or Letter of Credit that is denominated in any Alternate Currency. The Spot Rate shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rate employed in converting any amount between any Alternate Currency and Dollars until the next occurring Revaluation Date. 
 (b) For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment or an Affiliate Transaction, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness, or amount of Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment or Affiliate transaction, in each case, denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit Indebtedness incurred or made in the case of any Lien, Restricted Payment, Restricted Debt Payment, Investment or Affiliate transaction provided , that if any such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the maximum amount of any Indebtedness, Liens, Restricted Payments, Restricted Debt Payments, Investments or Affiliate transactions that the Restricted Companies may incur in compliance with this Agreement shall not be deemed to be exceeded solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange rate of currencies. The principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such refinancing Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 
 Section 1.10. Cashless Rollovers . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, to the extent that any Lender extends the maturity date of, or replaces, renews or refinances, any of its then-existing Loans with Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments, Refinancing Term Loans, Loans in connection with any Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Credit Loans or loans incurred under a new credit facility, in each case, to the extent such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing is effected with such Lender s consent by means of a cashless roll by such Lender, such extension, replacement, renewal or refinancing shall be deemed to comply with any requirement hereunder or any other Loan Document that such payment be made in Dollars , in immediately available funds , in cash or any other similar requirement. 
 63 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 1.11. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 Section 1.12. Reserved . 
 Section 1.13. Conflicts . In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any term or provision of this Agreement (excluding the Exhibits hereto) and any term or provision of any Exhibit to this Agreement, the term or provision of this Agreement shall govern, and the Borrower shall be entitled to make such revisions to the relevant term or provision of the applicable Exhibit to ensure that such term or provision is consistent with the corresponding term or provision of this Agreement. 
 Section 1.14. Confidentiality Privilege, Etc . Notwithstanding any obligation to provide information under any Loan Document or allow the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any third party to access or inspect the books and records of Holdings or its subsidiaries or otherwise as set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, none of Holdings or any of its subsidiaries will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter (a) that constitutes a non-financial trade secret or non-financial proprietary information of any Person, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective Representatives) is prohibited by applicable Law, (c) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product and or (d) in respect of which Holdings and or any of its subsidiaries owes confidentiality obligations to any Person (provided, such confidentiality obligations were not entered into in contemplation of the requirements of the Loan Documents) provided, that in the event that such information has not been provided in reliance on clauses (c) and or (d) above, notice that information is being withheld on such basis must be provided to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 1.15. Alternate Currencies . 
 (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Revolving Credit Loans be made and or Letters of Credit be issued in an Alternate Currency provided , that the relevant requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars provided , further , that Swing Line Loans may only be made in Dollars. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Revolving Credit Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the Revolving Credit Lenders and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each applicable L C Issuer. 
 (b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11 00 a.m. 10 Business Days prior to the date of any Credit Extension to be made in the applicable Alternate Currency (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent). In the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Credit Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender thereof and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable L C Issuer thereof. Each such Revolving Credit Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Revolving Credit Loans) and or each applicable L C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11 00 a.m., five Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its reasonable discretion, to the making of Revolving Credit Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
 (c) Any failure by any Revolving Credit Lender or the relevant L C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding paragraph (b) shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Revolving Credit Lender or L C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Revolving Credit Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued, as applicable, in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Revolving Credit Lenders that would be obligated to make Credit Extensions denominated in such requested currency consent to making Revolving Credit Loans in the requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Credit Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower, and (i) the Administrative Agent, such Revolving Credit Lenders and the Borrower may amend this 
 64 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Agreement to add a definition for the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment and floor for such rate (any such rate, an Alternate Currency Interest Rate and (ii) to the extent that this Agreement is so amended to reflect the Alternate Currency Interest Rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternate Currency hereunder for purposes of any Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans and if the Administrative Agent and each applicable L C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in the requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternate Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuance. If the Administrative Agent fails to obtain the requisite consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.15 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 
 (d) It is understood and agreed that in connection with the establishment of any Alternate Currency, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be authorized, with the consent of the Revolving Credit Lenders and L C Issuers affected thereby, to amend this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent necessary or advisable to implement such Alternate Currency under the Loan Documents. 
 Section 1.16. Effectuation of Transactions . Each of the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents (and all corresponding definitions) is made after giving effect to the Transactions, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 Article 2 THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01. The Borrowings . 
 (a) Initial Term Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Initial Term Lender has severally agreed to make, on the Closing Date, a single term loan in Dollars (the Initial Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to its Initial Term Loan Commitment. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term Loans may be ABR Loans or Term SOFR Loans, as further provided herein. 
 (b) Initial Revolving Credit Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Initial Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make loans to the Borrower in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency from time to time, on any Business Day until the Initial Revolver Maturity Date, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Commitment provided , that after giving effect to the making of any Initial Revolving Credit Loan, (x) the Initial Revolving Outstandings of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Initial Revolving Credit Commitment, and (y) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. Within the limits of each Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01(b) , prepay under Section 2.06 and reborrow under this Section 2.01(b) . (i) Each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Dollars shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or (other than Swing Line Loans denominated in Dollars) Term SOFR Loans, (ii) each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in Pounds Sterling shall be comprised entirely of SONIA Loans and (iii) each Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency other than Pounds Sterling shall be comprised entirely of Loans subject to the appropriate Alternate Currency Interest Rate, in each case, as further provided herein. All Initial Revolving Credit Loans will be made by all Initial Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount of Initial Revolving Credit Commitments until the Initial Revolver Maturity Date. 
 (c) Additional Commitments . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and any applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment, or Incremental Facility Amendment, each Lender with an Additional Commitment of a given Class, severally and not jointly, agrees to make Additional Loans of such Class to the Borrower, which Loans shall not exceed for any such Lender at the time of any incurrence thereof the Additional Commitment of such Class of such Lender as set forth in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment. 
 Section 2.02. Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . 
 (a) Each Term Loan Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of 
 65 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Term SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone (provided that any notice in respect of any Term Loan Borrowing and or any Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing (x) to be made on the Closing Date may be conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing Date, (y) to be made in connection with any acquisition, investment or repayment or redemption of Indebtedness may be conditioned on the closing of such acquisition, investment or permitted repayment or redemption of Indebtedness or (z) for any other purpose to which the Administrative Agent may consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), may be conditioned on the occurrence of the relevant event). Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 11 00 a.m. two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, continuation of Term SOFR Loans or any conversion of ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans (or 1 00 p.m. one Business Day in the case of any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans to be made on the Closing Date), (ii) 1 00 p.m. (London time) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of SONIA Loans (or two Business Days in the case of any Borrowing of SONIA Loans to be made on the Closing Date) and (iii) 12 00 noon on the requested date of any Borrowing of ABR Loans (or, in each case, such later time as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a written Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof Loans (or, in each case, such lesser amount as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Except as provided in Section 2.04(c)(i) and Section 2.05(c)(i) , (x) each Borrowing of SONIA Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof and (y) each Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (or, in each case, such lesser amount as is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). Each Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Term Loan Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing, a conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, (ii) in the case of Revolving Credit Loans, the currency of such requested Loans, (iii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iv) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (v) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or which existing Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, and (vi) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify the currency of a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing in a Loan Notice, then the applicable Revolving Credit Loans shall be made in Dollars. With respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, if the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, an ABR Loan provided , however , that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Term SOFR Loans, such Loans shall be continued as Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, in Dollars with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic continuation to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Term SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Revolving Credit Loans may be converted into or continued as a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Revolving Credit Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
 (b) Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Class and Tranche of Loans, and if (x) no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each relevant Lender of the details of any automatic continuation to Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one month or continuation described in Section 2.02(a) or (y) the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall notify each relevant Lender of the details of the automatic making of an ABR Loan described in Section 2.02(a) . In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 2 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth this Agreement with respect to such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
 66 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(c) During the existence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) may require that no Loans may be converted to or continued as Term SOFR Loans. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of Term SOFR by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. At any time that ABR Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the Prime Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (e) After giving effect to all Term Loan Borrowings, all Revolving Credit Loan Borrowings, all conversions of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 12 Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans. 
 (f) The failure of any Lender to make the Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. 
 Section 2.03. Reserved . 
 Section 2.04. Letters of Credit . 
 (a) The Letter of Credit Commitment . (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L C Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Credit Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars and any Alternate Currency for the account of the Borrower and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.04(b) , and (2) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit and (B) the Revolving Credit Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower provided , that no L C Issuer shall be obligated to make any L C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, and no Lender shall be obligated to participate in any Letter of Credit if as of the date of such L C Credit Extension or after giving effect thereto, (w) the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, (x) the Revolving Outstandings of any Lender would exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (z) the aggregate available amount of the Letters of Credit issued by such L C Issuer would exceed such L C Issuer s L C Commitment. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
 (i) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L C Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which, in each case, such L C Issuer in good faith deems material to it 
 (B) subject to Section 2.04(b)(iii) , the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance or last renewal, unless the relevant L C Issuer has approved such expiry date 
 67 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(C) the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all Revolving Credit Lenders (other than any Revolving Credit Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) have approved such expiry date or such Letter of Credit is subject to L C Support or 
 (D) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any Laws or one or more policies of such L C Issuer applicable to similarly situated borrowers under comparable credit facilities and letters of credit generally. 
 (ii) An L C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
 (b) Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit Auto-Renewal Letters of Credit . 
 (i) Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to an L C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any Letter of Credit Application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with the applicable L C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the relevant L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m. at least two Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be, or such later date and time as the relevant L C Issuer may agree in its reasonable discretion. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L C Issuer (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day) (B) the amount thereof (C) the expiry date thereof (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder (G) the currency of such Letter of Credit (which shall be Dollars or an Alternate Currency) and (H) subject to the terms of this clause (i) , such other matters as the relevant L C Issuer may reasonably request. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the relevant L C Issuer (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day) (3) the nature of the proposed amendment and (4) subject to the terms of this clause (i) , such other matters as the relevant L C Issuer may reasonably request. No Letter of Credit, Letter of Credit Application or other document entered into by the Borrower with any L C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit shall contain any representations or warranties, covenants or events of default not set forth in this Agreement (and to the extent inconsistent herewith shall be rendered null and void (or reformed automatically without further action by any Person to conform to the terms of this Agreement), and if any Letter of Credit Application includes representations and warranties, covenants and or events of default that do not contain the materiality qualifiers, exceptions or thresholds that are applicable to the analogous provisions of this Agreement or other Loan Documents, or are otherwise more restrictive, the relevant qualifiers, exceptions and thresholds contained herein shall be incorporated therein or, to the extent more restrictive, shall be deemed for purposes of such Letter of Credit Application to be the same as the analogous provisions herein. 
 (ii) Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the relevant L C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the relevant L C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the relevant L C Issuer of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof (such confirmation to be promptly provided by the Administrative Agent), then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the relevant L C Issuer shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and 
 68 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the relevant L C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii) If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application, the relevant L C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit provided , that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit must permit the relevant L C Issuer to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Nonrenewal Notice Date in each such twelve month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the relevant L C Issuer, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such L C Issuer for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the relevant L C Issuer to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date provided , that the relevant L C Issuer shall not permit any such renewal if (A) such L C Issuer has determined that it would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of Section 2.04(a)(ii) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the Nonrenewal Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Credit Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied. 
 (iv) Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the relevant L C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c) Drawings and Reimbursements Funding of Participations . 
 (i) Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit (an L C Disbursement ), the relevant L C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not later than 3 00 p.m. two Business Days after any payment by the relevant L C Issuer under a Letter of Credit (each such date, an Honor Date ), the Borrower shall reimburse the L C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the currency of the drawn Letter of Credit provided , that if notice of such drawing is not provided to the Borrower prior to 12 00 noon on the Honor Date, then the Borrower shall reimburse such L C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the currency of the drawn Letter of Credit on the third succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing fees in respect of any such Letter of Credit provided , that the Borrower may request in accordance with Section 2.02 that each such payment be financed (A) in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars, with an ABR Revolving Credit Loan denominated in Dollars in an equivalent amount, (B) in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Pounds Sterling, with a SONIA Revolving Credit Loan in an equivalent amount and (C) in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency (other than Pounds Sterling), a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in any Alternate Currency subject to the applicable Alternate Currency Interest Rate in an equivalent amount (any such Revolving Credit Loan, an L C Reimbursement Loan ), and, to the extent so financed, the obligation of the Borrower to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing (it being understood and agreed that the Borrower may also request a Swing Line Loan to reimburse such L C Disbursement in accordance with Section 2.05 ). If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the relevant L C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Credit Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (the Unreimbursed Amount ), and the amount of such Revolving Credit Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing of ABR Loans (if denominated in Dollars), SONIA Loans (if denominated in Pounds Sterling) or Loans subject to the appropriate Alternate Currency Interest Rate (if denominated in an Alternate Currency (other than Pounds Sterling)) to be disbursed in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02(a) for the principal amount of ABR Loans (if denominated in Dollars), SONIA Loans (if denominated in Pounds Sterling) or Loans subject to the appropriate Alternate Currency Interest Rate (if denominated in an Alternate Currency (other than 
 69 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Pounds Sterling)) but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments. Any notice given by the relevant L C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.04(c)(i) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing provided , that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
 (ii) Each Revolving Credit Lender (including the Lender acting as the relevant L C Issuer) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L C Issuer at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1 00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent (if such notice is provided to the Revolving Credit Lenders prior to 11 00 a.m. on such date, and otherwise, by no later than two hours after receipt of such notice), whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.04(c)(ii) , each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Loan, SONIA Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as applicable, to the Borrower in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the relevant L C Issuer in the currency of the drawn Letter of Credit. 
 (iii) Reserved . 
 (iv) Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its Revolving Credit Loan pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L C Issuer. 
 (v) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligation to make Revolving Credit Loans to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.04(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such L C Issuer, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
 (vi) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the relevant L C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) , such L C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the relevant Borrowing. A certificate of the relevant L C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Credit Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.04(c)(vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) If, at any time after the relevant L C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Revolving Credit Lender such Lender s Revolving Credit Loan in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.04(c) , the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of any cash collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof in the currency of the applicable Letter of Credit and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of relevant L C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such L C Issuer in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the 
 70 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

account of such L C Issuer its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. 
 (e) Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse any L C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following 
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, this Agreement, or any other Loan Document, or any term or provision therein 
 (ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the relevant L C Issuer or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) any payment by the relevant L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit or any payment made by the relevant L C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
 (v) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from the Guaranty or any other guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of the Borrower in respect of such Letter of Credit or 
 (vi) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder 
 None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor the L C Issuer, nor any of their Agent-Related Persons, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the relevant L C Issuer provided , that the foregoing shall not excuse any L C Issuer from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such L C Issuer s gross negligence or willful misconduct (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the relevant L C Issuer. 
 (f) Role of L C Issuer . Each Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the relevant L C Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of any L C Issuer, any Agent-Related Person nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of such L C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Lenders or the Required 
 71 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Lenders, as applicable (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit provided , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at Law or under this Agreement or any other agreement. None of any L C Issuer, any Agent-Related Person, nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of such L C Issuer, shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (vi) of Section 2.04(e) provided , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against any L C Issuer, and any L C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by such L C Issuer s willful misconduct or gross negligence or such L C Issuer s willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction). In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the relevant L C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the relevant L C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 
 (g) L C Support . Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, if, as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any Letter of Credit may for any reason remain outstanding and partially or wholly undrawn, the Borrower shall, within three Business Days, provide L C Support with respect to any such Letter of Credit. Any cash and or Cash Equivalents used to Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit shall be maintained in a Cash Collateral Account. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that any funds held in the Cash Collateral Account are subject to any right or claim of any Person other than rights or claims of the Administrative Agent arising by operation of law or that the total amount of such funds is less than the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations, the Borrower will, forthwith upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay to the Administrative Agent, as additional funds to be deposited and held in the Cash Collateral Account, an amount equal to the excess of (A) such aggregate Outstanding Amount over (B) the total amount of funds, if any, then held in the Cash Collateral Account that the Administrative Agent determines to be free and clear of any such right and claim. Upon the drawing of any Letter of Credit for which funds are on deposit in the Cash Collateral Account, such funds shall be applied, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, to reimburse the relevant L C Issuer. To the extent the amount in the Cash Collateral Account exceeds the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations and so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the excess shall be refunded to the Borrower. 
 (h) Applicability of ISP98 and UCP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the relevant L C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued, (i) the rules of the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance) shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit and on an exception basis only, shall apply to certain standby Letters of Credit as may be required by local law or statute. 
 (i) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share a fee (each an L C Fee for each Letter of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower equal to the Applicable Margin for Initial Revolving Credit Loans times the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such L C Fee shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and shall be payable in the currency of the applicable Letter of Credit. Such letter of credit fees shall be due and payable on each Scheduled Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit until the earlier of (i) the later of the date on which such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class terminates and the date on which such Revolving Credit Lender ceases to have any L C Obligations attributable to its Revolving Credit Commitment of such Class and (ii) the Termination Date. If there is any change in the Applicable Margin during any quarter, the daily maximum amount of each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Margin separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Margin was in effect. 
 72 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(j) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L C Issuer . The Borrower shall pay directly to each L C Issuer for its own account, in the currency of each Letter of Credit, a fronting fee with respect to such Letter of Credit issued by such L C Issuer for the account of the Borrower equal to 0.125 per annum (or, in the case of any L C Issuer, any lesser percentage that may be agreed by the Borrower and such L C Issuer) of the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Such fronting fees shall be computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fees shall be due and payable on each Scheduled Payment Date, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit until the earliest of (i) the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (ii) the date on which such Letter of Credit terminates and (iii) the Termination Date. In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to each L C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable within five Business Days of demand and are nonrefundable. 
 (k) Conflict with Letter of Credit Application . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (l) Defaulting Lenders . This Section 2.04 shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 2.17 in the event any Revolving Credit Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender. 
 (m) Provisions Related to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments . If the maturity date in respect of any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments occurs prior to the expiration of any Letter of Credit, then (i) if one or more other Tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of which the maturity date shall not have occurred are then in effect, (x) the outstanding Revolving Credit Loans shall be repaid pursuant to Section 2.09 on such maturity date to the extent and in an amount sufficient to permit the reallocation of the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations relating to the outstanding Letters of Credit contemplated by clause (y) below and (y) such Letters of Credit shall automatically be deemed to have been issued (including for purposes of the obligations of the Revolving Credit Lenders to purchase participations therein and to make payments in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.04(c) under (and ratably participated in by Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to) the Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of such non-terminating Tranches up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments in respect of such nonterminating Tranches at such time (it being understood that (1) the participations therein of Revolving Credit Lenders under the maturing Tranche shall be correspondingly released and (2) no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated) and (ii) to the extent not reallocated pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (i) , but without limiting the obligations with respect thereto, the Borrower shall provide L C Support with respect to any such Letter of Credit. If, for any reason, such L C Support is not provided , or the reallocation does not occur, the Revolving Credit Lenders under the maturing Tranche shall continue to be responsible for their participating interests in the Letters of Credit provided , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon any subsequent repayment of the Revolving Credit Loans, the reallocation set forth in clause (i) shall automatically and concurrently occur to the extent of such repayment (it being understood that no partial face amount of any Letter of Credit may be so reallocated). Except to the extent of reallocations of participations pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04(m) , the occurrence of a maturity date with respect to a given Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments shall have no effect upon (and shall not diminish) the percentage participations of the Revolving Credit Lenders in any Letter of Credit issued before such maturity date. Commencing with the maturity date of any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit under any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments that has not so then matured shall be as agreed by the Borrower with such Revolving Credit Lenders provided , that in no event shall such sublimit be less than the sum of (x) the Outstanding Amount of L C Obligations with respect to the Revolving Credit Lenders under such extended Tranche immediately prior to such maturity date and (y) the face amount of the Letters of Credit reallocated to such Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to clause (i) of this Section 2.04(m) (assuming Revolving Credit Loans are repaid in accordance with clause (i) (x)). 
 Section 2.05. Swing Line Loans . 
 (a) The Swing Line . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender severally agree to make loans in Dollars (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day until the Initial Revolver Maturity Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit provided , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and (y) the Revolving Outstandings of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving 
 73 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Credit Commitment provided , further , that the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.05 , prepay under Section 2.06 and re-borrow under this Section 2.05 . Each Swing Line Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Credit Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lender s Pro Rata Share times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b) Borrowing Procedures . Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 12 00 p.m. on the requested borrowing date or such later time on the requested borrowing date as may be approved by the Swing Line Lender in its sole discretion, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swing Line Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender have received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Revolving Credit Lender) prior to 1 30 p.m. on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.05(a) , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 2 00 p.m. on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of their Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower. 
 (c) Funding of Participations with Respect to Swing Line Loans . 
 (i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request that each of the Revolving Credit Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable request promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Credit Lender shall make an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the amount specified in such request available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1 00 p.m. on the day specified in such request (if such notice is provided to the Revolving Credit Lenders prior to 11 00 a.m. on such date, and otherwise by no later than two hours after receipt of such notice). The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender, whereupon each Revolving Credit Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Revolving Credit Loan to the Borrower in such amount. 
 (ii) Reserved . 
 (iii) If any Revolving Credit Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time specified in Section 2.05(c)(i) , the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 74 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(iv) Each Revolving Credit Lender s obligations to make (or be deemed to have made) Revolving Credit Loans and to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d) Repayment of Participations . 
 (i) At any time after any Revolving Credit Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 
 (ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Credit Lender shall pay to the Swing Line Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Revolving Credit Lender funds its risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.05 to refinance such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Pro Rata Share shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (g) Defaulting Lenders . This Section 2.05 shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 2.17 in the event any Revolving Credit Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender. 
 (h) Provisions Related to Additional Revolving Credit Commitments . If the maturity date shall have occurred in respect of any Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments at a time when another Tranche or Tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments is or are in effect with a longer maturity date, then on the earliest occurring maturity date all then outstanding Swing Line Loans shall be repaid in full on such date (and there shall be no adjustment to the participations in such Swing Line Loans as a result of the occurrence of such maturity date) provided , that if on the occurrence of such earliest maturity date (after giving effect to any repayments of Revolving Credit Loans and any reallocation of participating interests as contemplated in Section 2.04(m) there shall exist sufficient unutilized Additional Revolving Credit Commitments so that the respective outstanding Swing Line Loans could be incurred pursuant to the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments which will remain in effect after the occurrence of such maturity date, then there shall be an automatic adjustment on such date of the participations in such Swing Line Loans and the same shall be deemed to have been incurred solely pursuant to the relevant Additional Revolving Credit Commitments, and such Swing Line Loans shall not be so required to be repaid in full on such earliest maturity date. 
 Section 2.06. Prepayments . 
 (a) Optional . 
 (i) The Borrower may, upon notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay the Term Loans of any Tranche and or Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty except as otherwise provided in Section 2.10(b) provided , that (A) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not 
 75 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

later than (1) 11 00 a.m. two Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, (2) 11 00 a.m. on the date of prepayment of ABR Loans and (3) 1 00 p.m. (London time) three Business Days before the date of prepayment of SONIA Loans (B) any prepayment of (1) Term SOFR Loans shall be in a minimum principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof (2) any prepayment of ABR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or (3) any prepayment of SONIA Loans shall be in a principal amount of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Term SOFR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.07 . Each prepayment of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall be applied among the Facilities in such amounts as the Borrower may direct in its sole discretion. Each prepayment of the Term Loans of any Class or Classes made pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall be applied against the remaining scheduled installments of principal due in respect of the Term Loans of such Class or Classes in the manner specified by the Borrower or, in the absence of any such specification on or prior to the date of the relevant optional prepayment, in direct order of maturity. Each prepayment in respect of a particular Facility shall be paid to the Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. 
 (ii) Reserved . 
 (iii) The Borrower may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty provided , that (A) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 3 00 p.m. on the date of the prepayment, (B) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of the lesser of 100,000 and the total principal amount of the Swing Line Loans then outstanding and (C) any such prepayment shall be applied ratably to the outstanding Swing Line Loans held by the respective Swing Line Lender. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any notice of prepayment under Section 2.06(a)(i) or 2.06(a)(iii) may be conditioned upon the effectiveness of other transactions, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 
 (b) Mandatory . 
 (i) (A) If (1) any Restricted Company consummates a Prepayment Asset Sale or (2) any Casualty Event occurs, which in the aggregate results in the realization or receipt by any Restricted Company of Net Cash Proceeds in excess of the greater of 20,000,000 and 15.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period (the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold in any Fiscal Year, the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid on or prior to the date which is ten Business Days after the date of the realization or receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds an aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans and any Additional Term Loans then subject to ratable prepayment requirements (the Subject Loans in an amount equal to Required Net Proceed Percentage of all Net Cash Proceeds received in excess of the De Minimis Proceeds Threshold (collectively, the Subject Proceeds provided , that no such prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i)(A) if, on or prior to such date, the Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intention to reinvest all or a portion of such Subject Proceeds in accordance with Section 2.06(b)(i)(B) . 
 (A) With respect to any Subject Proceeds realized or received with respect to any Prepayment Asset Sale or any Casualty Event required to be applied in 
 76 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

accordance with Section 2.06(b)(i)(A) , at the option of the Borrower, and so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrower may reinvest all or any portion of such Subject Proceeds in the business of the Restricted Companies within (x) 15 months following receipt of such Subject Proceeds or (y) if the Borrower enters into a contract to reinvest such Subject Proceeds within such 15-month period following receipt thereof, 21 months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds provided , that if any Net Cash Proceeds are no longer intended to be so reinvested at any time after delivery of a notice of reinvestment election or are not so reinvested during such 15-month period or 21-month period, as applicable, an amount equal to any such Net Cash Proceeds shall within ten Business Days be applied to the prepayment of the Term Loans as set forth in this Section 2.06 . 
 (B) Reserved . 
 (C) If, at the time that any such prepayment would be required hereunder, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is required to repay or prepayment any First Lien Debt of the type described in clause (b) of the definition thereof (such Indebtedness required to be so prepaid or offered to be so repurchased, Other Applicable Indebtedness (or offer to repurchase such Other Applicable Indebtedness), then the relevant Person may apply the Subject Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Subject Loans and to the repurchase or repayment of the Other Applicable Indebtedness (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and the Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time) it being understood that (1) the portion of the Subject Proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of the Subject Proceeds that is required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, (and the remaining amount, if any, of the Subject Proceeds shall be allocated to the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof), and the amount of the prepayment of the Subject Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(i) shall be reduced accordingly and (2) to the extent the holders of the Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such Indebtedness prepaid or repurchased, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans in accordance with the terms hereof and any other relevant Other Applicable Indebtedness with a corresponding requirement on a pro rata basis (determined in a manner consistent with that set forth in this clause (D) it being understood and agreed that if any Term Lender or holder of such Other Applicable Indebtedness declines any prepayment contemplated by clause (2) above, the Borrower shall not be required to subsequently offer the amount of the relevant declined prepayment to any Term Lender or any holder of Other Applicable Indebtedness. 
 (ii) If any Restricted Company incurs or issues any Indebtedness not expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.03 (other than Refinancing Indebtedness which shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.19 ), the Borrower shall cause to be prepaid an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans in an amount equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five Business Days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds. 
 (iii) Within ten Business Days after financial statements have been or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and the related Compliance Certificate has been or is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) , commencing with the first full Fiscal Year ending after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall cause the Subject Loans to be prepaid in an aggregate principal amount (the ECF Prepayment Amount (x) the Required Excess Cash Flow Percentage of Excess Cash Flow of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the Excess Cash Flow Period then ended, minus (y) at the option of the Borrower 
 (A) (1) the aggregate principal amount of any optional prepayment, repurchase, redemption or other retirement of any First Lien Debt (and in the case of any such First Lien Debt constituting revolving indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the applicable revolving commitments) prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due and (2) the aggregate principal amount of any optional prepayment, repurchase, redemption or other retirement of any Junior Lien Debt (and in the 
 77 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

case of any such Junior Lien Debt constituting revolving indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the applicable revolving commitments) prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due, in each case of the foregoing clauses (1) and (2) , excluding any such optional prepayment, repurchase, redemption or other retirement made prior to the date on which such prepayment is due that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii) with respect to any prior Excess Cash Flow Period 
 (B) the amount of any reduction in the outstanding principal amount of any Term Loan, any other First Lien Debt and or any Junior Lien Debt resulting from any assignment to (and or purchase by) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any such Indebtedness (and in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting revolving indebtedness, to the extent accompanied by a permanent reduction in the applicable revolving commitment) prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due, in each case, to the extent of the amount paid in cash by the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the relevant assignment and or purchase, excluding any such assignment and or purchase made prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due that reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii) with respect to any prior Excess Cash Flow Period and 
 (C) the amount of any Capital Expenditure and or Investment (1) made during such Fiscal Year or after such Fiscal Year but prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due, (2) contractually committed during such Fiscal Year (or after such Fiscal Year but prior to the date that the applicable prepayment is due) to be made during the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year or (3) in the case of Capital Expenditures, budgeted to be made during the Fiscal Year immediately succeeding such Excess Cash Flow Period, in each case, excluding any such amount that (x) is actually applied during such Fiscal Year and (y) reduced the amount required to be prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii) with respect to any prior Excess Cash Flow Period provided , that (I) in the case of clauses (C)(2) and (C)(3) , to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such committed or budgeted amount during the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year is less that the contractually committed or budgeted amount deducted therefor pursuant to clauses (C)(2) or (C)(3) , as applicable, the amount of the resulting shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for the next succeeding Excess Cash Flow Period and (II) clauses (A) , (B) and (C) above shall not apply to the extent the relevant amount was financed with the proceeds of long-term funded Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness). 
 (D) It being understood and agreed for purposes of this Section 2.06(b)(iii) 
 (1) no prepayment under this Section 2.06(b)(iii) shall be required unless the amount thereof exceeds the greater of 10,000,000 and 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA (the De Minimis ECF Threshold as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period it being understood that only the amount in excess of the De Minimis ECF Threshold shall be required to be applied to make a prepayment in accordance with this Section 2.06(b)(iii) 
 (2) if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower) is also required to prepay Other Applicable Indebtedness with any portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount, then the Borrower may apply (or cause to be applied) such portion of the ECF Prepayment Amount on a pro rata basis (determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Subject Loans and the relevant Other Applicable Indebtedness (or accreted amount if such Other Applicable Indebtedness is issued with original issue discount) at such time) provided , that (X) the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount that is required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof and the amount of the prepayment of the Subject Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.06(b)(iii) shall be reduced accordingly and (Y) to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such 
 78 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Indebtedness prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Subject Loans and any relevant Other Applicable Indebtedness with a corresponding requirement on a pro rata basis (determined in a manner consistent with that set forth in clause (X) of this proviso) in accordance with the terms hereof it being understood and agreed that if any Term Lender or holder of such Other Applicable Indebtedness declines any prepayment contemplated by this clause (Y) , the Borrower shall not be required to subsequently offer the amount of the relevant declined prepayment to any Term Lender or any holder of Other Applicable Indebtedness and 
 (3) to the extent the ECF Prepayment Amount for any Excess Cash Flow Period, after giving effect to all deductions and credits (including any deduction of the types described in clauses (A) through (C) above) applicable thereto, is a negative amount, such negative amount may be carried forward to reduce the required ECF Prepayment Amount with respect to any future Excess Cash Flow Period selected by the Borrower in its sole discretion. 
 (iv) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans required to be made pursuant to clauses (i) , (ii) and or (iii) of this Section 2.06(b) at least (A) in the case of the prepayment of Term Loans which are ABR Loans, one Business Day and (B) in the case of prepayments of Term Loans which are Term SOFR Loans, two Business Days, in each case prior to the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of the contents of the Borrower s prepayment notice and of such Appropriate Lender s Pro Rata Share of the relevant prepayment. Except as otherwise permitted in any Incremental Facility Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Extension Amendment, in each case with respect to the Term Loans covered thereby, each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be applied ratably to each Tranche of the Term Loans and in direct order of maturities to the principal repayment installments of the Term Loans that are due after the date of such prepayment. Each such prepayment shall be paid to the Term Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of the applicable Tranches subject to such prepayment. 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.06 (b) to the contrary 
 (A) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay (or cause to be prepaid) any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) or (iii) to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any Foreign Subsidiary or any Domestic Subsidiary of any Foreign Subsidiary (any such Person, a Specified Subsidiary or the relevant Prepayment Asset Sale is consummated by any Specified Subsidiary, as the case may be, so long as the repatriation and or other transfer to the Borrower of any such amount at the time such prepayment would otherwise be required to be made would be, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, prohibited, restricted or delayed under any Law (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Law relating to financial assistance, corporate benefit, thin capitalization, capital maintenance and similar legal principles, restrictions on upstreaming and or cross-streaming of cash intra-group and Laws relating to the fiduciary and or statutory duties of the directors (or equivalent Persons) of the Borrower and or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) or would conflict with the fiduciary and or statutory duties of such Specified Subsidiary s directors (or equivalent Persons), or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any officer, director, employee, manager, member of management or consultant of such Specified Subsidiary 
 (B) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay (or cause to be prepaid) any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) or (iii) to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any joint venture or the relevant Subject Proceeds are received by any joint venture, in each case, so long as the distribution and or other transfer to the Borrower of such Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds would, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, be prohibited at the time such prepayment would otherwise be required to be made under the Organization Documents (or any relevant shareholders or similar agreement) governing such joint venture 
 79 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(C) the Borrower shall not be required to prepay any amount that would otherwise be required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) or (iii) to the extent that the relevant Excess Cash Flow is generated by any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or the relevant Subject Proceeds are received by any Foreign Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in each case, so long as the Borrower determines in good faith that the distribution to the Borrower of such Excess Cash Flow or Subject Proceeds would be prohibited at the time such prepayment would otherwise be required to be made under an agreement permitted under this Agreement by which such Foreign Subsidiary is bound governing any Indebtedness and 
 (D) if the Borrower determines in good faith that the repatriation (or other intercompany distribution or transfer) to the Borrower, directly or indirectly, from a Specified Subsidiary as a distribution or dividend (or other intercompany transfer) of any amount required to mandatorily prepay the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) or (iii) above could reasonably be expected to result in a material and adverse Tax liability (including any withholding Tax but taking into account any foreign tax credits and other tax benefits that are available for use against such Tax liability) being incurred by Holdings, the Borrower, any Parent Company and or any Restricted Subsidiary (such amount, a Restricted Amount ), the amount that the Borrower shall be required to mandatorily prepay pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(i) or (iii) , as applicable, shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount. 
 (vi) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Term Lender shall have the right to reject its applicable percentage of any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) (each such Lender, a Rejecting Lender ), in which case the amounts so rejected may be retained by the Borrower (the aggregate amount of such proceeds so rejected as of any date of determination, the Declined Proceeds ). 
 (vii) (A) In the event that on any Revaluation Date (after giving effect to the determination of the Outstanding Amount of each Revolving Credit Loan and or L C Obligation) the aggregate Revolving Outstandings of any Tranche exceeds an amount equal to 103 of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of such Tranche then in effect, the Borrower shall, within five Business Days of receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent, prepay the Revolving Credit Loans and or reduce L C Outstandings (in each case, taking the Dollar Equivalent of any amount denominated in an Alternate Currency), in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such aggregate Revolving Outstandings as of the date of such payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Tranche then in effect by taking any of the following actions as it shall determine at its sole discretion (I) prepayment of Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(a)(i) and or (II) with respect to any excess L C Outstandings, provide L C Support with respect thereto. 
 (A) Each prepayment of any Revolving Credit Loan Borrowing under this Section 2.06(b)(vii) shall be paid to the Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Share of the applicable Tranche. 
 (c) Funding Losses, Etc. All prepayments under this Section 2.06 shall be made together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a Term SOFR Loan on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Term SOFR Loan pursuant to Section 3.07 . Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of Section 2.06(b) , so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans is required to be made under Section 2.06(b) , other than on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit the amount of any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder into a Cash Collateral Account until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(b) . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of the outstanding Loans in accordance with Section 2.06(b) . 
 80 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 2.07. Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Optional . The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche provided , that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount (A) of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 500,000 in excess thereof or (B) equal to the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments of such Tranche, at such time, (iii) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess and (iv) after the establishment of any Tranche of Additional Revolving Credit Commitments, any such termination or reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.16 , 2.18 and or 2.19 , as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of reduction or termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments if such reduction or termination is conditioned on the consummation of any other transaction or the occurrence of any event, which transaction or event shall not be consummated or shall not have occurred or otherwise shall be delayed. 
 (b) Mandatory . Unless previously terminated, (i) the Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (ii) the Initial Revolving Credit Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Initial Revolver Maturity Date, (iii) the Additional Term Loan Commitments of any Tranche shall automatically terminate upon the making of the Additional Term Loans of such Tranche and, if any such Additional Term Loan Commitment is not drawn on the date that such Additional Term Loan Commitment is required to be drawn pursuant to the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, the undrawn amount thereof shall automatically terminate and (iv) the Additional Revolving Credit Commitments of any Tranche shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or Incremental Facility Amendment, as applicable. 
 (c) Application of Commitment Reductions Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any termination or reduction of unused portions of the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit or the unused Commitments of any Class or Tranche under this Section 2.07 . Upon any reduction of unused Commitments of any Class or Tranche, the Commitment of each Lender of such Class or Tranche shall be reduced by such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount by which such Commitments are reduced (other than the termination of the Commitment of any Lender as provided in Section 3.09 ). All Commitment Fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 
 Section 2.08. Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) Term Loans . 
 (i) Initial Term Loans . The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Initial Term Lenders in quarterly installments (which installments shall be reduced as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) on each Scheduled Payment Date (commencing with the Scheduled Payment Date occurring on June 30, 2022) prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, in each case, in an amount set forth opposite such Scheduled Payment Date in the table below provided , that the final principal repayment installment of the Initial Term Loans shall be repaid on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date and in any event shall be in an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans outstanding on such date 
 Scheduled Payment Date Amortization Payment June 30, 2022 through and including December 31, 2025 5,000,000.00 March 31, 2026 and thereafter 7,500,000.00 
 
 81 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ii) Additional Term Loans The Borrower shall repay the Additional Term Loans of any Tranche in such scheduled amortization installments and on such date or dates as shall be specified therefor in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, Incremental Facility Amendment or Extension Amendment (as such payments may be reduced from time to time as a result of the application of prepayments in accordance with Section 2.06 or repurchases in accordance with Section 11.07 or increased as a result of any increase in the amount of such Additional Term Loans of such Tranche pursuant to Section 2.16 ). 
 (b) Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay in Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Initial Revolving Credit Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of the Initial Revolving Credit Loans of such Lender on the Initial Revolver Maturity Date, and (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Additional Revolving Credit Lender, the then-unpaid principal amount of each Additional Revolving Credit Loan of such Additional Revolving Credit Lender on the Maturity Date applicable thereto. 
 (c) Swing Line Loans . The Borrower shall repay the then-unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is 10 Business Days after the date such Swing Line Loan is made (it being understood and agreed that such repayment shall be deemed to have occurred upon the deemed making of an ABR Revolving Credit Loan by the Revolving Credit Lenders pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) and (ii) the Revolver Maturity Date. 
 Section 2.09. Interest . 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.09(b) , (i) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin, (ii) each ABR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to ABR plus the Applicable Margin, (iii) each SONIA Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to SONIA plus the Applicable Margin and (iv) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to ABR plus the Applicable Margin for Revolving Credit Loans, or at such other rates as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Swing Line Lender. 
 (b) While any Event of Default set forth in Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists, the Borrower shall pay interest on all overdue Obligations hereunder (regarding which all applicable grace periods set forth in Section 8.01 have expired) at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 Section 2.10. Fees . In addition to certain fees described in Section 2.04(i) and 2.04(j) 
 (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender of any Tranche (other than any Defaulting Lender) in accordance with its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Tranche in Dollars, equal to the Commitment Fee Rate times the actual daily amount of the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of such Tranche of such Revolving Credit Lender during the period from and including the Closing Date to the Revolver Maturity Date with respect to such Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each Scheduled Payment Date (commencing with the Scheduled Payment Date occurring on June 30, 2022), and on the Revolver Maturity Date applicable to such Tranche. For purposes of calculating the Commitment Fee payable pursuant to this Section 2.10(a) , the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Tranche shall be deemed to have been used to the extent of the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans of such Tranche and the L C Obligations attributable to the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Tranche, but no portion of the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Tranche shall be deemed to have been used as a result of any outstanding Swing Line Loan. 
 82 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(b) In the event that, prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (x) the Borrower causes the replacement of a Dissenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.01(b)(v) , (y) the Borrower prepays pursuant to Section 2.06(a) any Initial Term Loan or (z) the Borrower makes a mandatory prepayment of any Initial Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(ii) or in connection with the proceeds of Refinancing Indebtedness, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the Initial Term Lenders, the Make-Whole Amount. No prepayment premium shall be payable hereunder in connection with any prepayment or replacement of the Initial Term Loans on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date. 
 (c) The Borrower shall pay to the Arranger such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. 
 Section 2.11. Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for ABR Loans when ABR is based on the Prime Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in any non-US currency as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid provided , that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.13(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.12. Evidence of Indebtedness . Upon the request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 Section 2.13. Payments Generally . 
 (a) All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars or the applicable Alternate Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than 2 00 p.m. (or, in the case of Section 2.06(a)(iii) , 3 00 p.m.) on the date specified herein. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2 00 p.m. (or, in the case of Section 2.06(a)(iii) , 3 00 p.m.) shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. 
 (b) Unless the Borrower or any Lender has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder, that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower or such Lender, as the case may be, has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to the Person entitled thereto. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds, then 
 (i) with respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L C Issuer as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (A) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment (B) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed) or (C) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment each of the Lenders or the applicable L C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L C Issuer, in immediately available funds with interest 
 83 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and 
 (ii) if any Lender failed to make such payment with respect to any Borrowing, such Lender shall forthwith on demand pay to the Administrative Agent the amount thereof in Same Day Funds together with interest thereon for the period from the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower to the date such amount is recovered by the Administrative Agent (the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the Overnight Rate. When such Lender makes payment to the Administrative Agent (together with all accrued interest thereon), then such payment amount (excluding the amount of any interest which may have accrued and been paid in respect of such late payment) shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in the applicable Borrowing. If such Lender does not pay such amount forthwith upon the Administrative Agent s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent may make a demand therefor upon the Borrower, and the Borrower shall pay such amount to the Administrative Agent, together with interest thereon for the Compensation Period at a rate per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the applicable Borrowing. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitment or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or the Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder. 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.13(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (c) If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article 2 , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article 4 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (d) The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to fund any such participation on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation. 
 (e) Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (f) Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 8.03 . If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of all Loans outstanding at such time and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of all L C Obligations outstanding at such time, in repayment or prepayment of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender. 
 (g) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(c) , 2.04(d) , 2.05(c) or 9.07 (or if the Borrower shall have paid any amount or posted any cash collateral in respect of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of Swing Line Obligations or L C Obligations pursuant to Section 2.17(b)(ii) ), then notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, with respect to any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, the Administrative Agent (i) shall apply such amounts (A) first, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or the L C Issuer to satisfy such Lender s obligations to it under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, 
 84 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

and (B) second, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to reimburse the Borrower for any cash collateral posted by the Borrower until the Borrower is fully reimbursed, and (ii) thereafter, may, in its sole discretion, hold any such remaining amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section provided , that any amounts held pursuant to clause (ii) hereof shall be released to such Lender upon the earlier of (x) the date on which any of the actions described in Section 8.02(a) , 8.02(b) or 8.02(c) or the proviso to Section 8.02 shall have been taken or occurred and (y) the Initial Revolver Maturity Date. 
 Section 2.14. Sharing of Payments . If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain on account of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it, any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and or such subparticipations in the participations in L C Obligations or Swing Line Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them provided , that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 11.10 with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.14 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 
 Section 2.15. Reserved . 
 Section 2.16. Incremental Credit Extensions . 
 (a) Upon notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may request Incremental Term Loan Commitments and or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (each, an Incremental Facility pursuant to any Incremental Facility Amendment provided , that after giving effect to any such addition, the aggregate amount of all additional Term Loan Commitments and Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments that have been added pursuant to this Section 2.16(a) shall not exceed the Incremental Cap. Each such addition under this Section 2.16 shall be in an aggregate amount of at least 5,000,000. 
 (b) Any loans made in respect of any such additional Term Loan Commitments may be made, at the option of the Borrower, either by (i) increasing the Term Loans with the same terms (including pricing) as the existing Term Loans, or (ii) creating a new tranche of terms loans (any such increase or tranche, the Incremental Term Loans provided , that any Incremental Term Loan other than Customary Term A Loans, Customary Bridge Loans or the Inside Maturity Amount, (A) shall not mature prior to the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date on the date of incurrence of such Incremental Term Loans and (B) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Incremental Term Loan shall be no less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such latest maturing Tranche of Term Loans. 
 (c) Any such incremental Revolving Credit Commitments (the Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may be made by adding one or more new tranches of Revolving Credit Commitments and or increasing the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of any existing Tranche provided , that no Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments may have a final maturity date earlier than (or require scheduled amortization or mandatory commitment reductions prior to) the Latest Revolver Maturity Date. 
 85 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(d) Except as otherwise permitted herein (including with respect to currency, pricing (including any MFN or other pricing term), interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, premiums (including prepayment premiums), funding discounts, maturity and amortization (subject to clauses (b) and (c) above with respect to maturity and amortization)) 
 (i) the terms of any Incremental Term Loan, if not substantially consistent with the terms of any then-outstanding Term Facility, must be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent it being understood that (A) any Incremental Term Loan may provide for the ability to participate (1) with respect to any voluntary prepayment, on a pro rata basis, greater than pro rata basis, or less than a pro rata basis with the then-outstanding Term Facility and (2) with respect to any mandatory prepayment, on a pro rata basis (to the extent such Incremental Term Loan is secured on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans) or less than a pro rata basis with the then-outstanding Term Facility (and on greater than a pro rata basis with respect to any prepayment of any such Incremental Term Loan with the proceeds of any Refinancing Term Loan Facility, issuance of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or any Incremental Term Loan incurred in reliance on clause (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap ), (B) (I) terms not substantially consistent with any then-outstanding Term Facility which are applicable only after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date, (II) terms contained in such Incremental Term Loan that are, taken as a whole, more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Incremental Term Loan than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Facility or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent, (III) terms contained in such Incremental Term Loan that (taken as a whole) reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (IV) terms that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, not more favorable to the lenders or agents of such Incremental Term Loan than those contained in the Credit Documentation, in each case will be deemed to be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (C) any Incremental Term Loan that consists of Customary Term A Loans may include one or more financial maintenance covenants that do not apply for the benefit of any Lender that does not hold such Customary Term A Loans and (D) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Incremental Term Loan may be structured as a delayed draw facility with such conditions to any borrowing thereunder as the Borrower and the relevant lenders may agree and 
 (ii) the terms of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, if not substantially consistent with the terms of the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility, must be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that (A) any Incremental Facility may provide for the ability to participate with respect to (1) borrowings on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with other then-outstanding Revolving Credit Facilities, (2) any voluntary prepayment on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with other then-outstanding Revolving Credit Facilities and (3) any permanent repayment and or termination of revolving commitments on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with any then-outstanding Revolving Credit Facility (or, in any case, on a greater than pro rata basis to the extent such revolving commitments are terminated in full and refinanced or replaced with a Refinancing Revolving Facility or an Incremental Facility implemented in reliance on clause (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap and (B) (1) terms not substantially consistent with any then-existing Revolving Credit Commitments which are applicable only after the Latest Revolver Maturity Date, (2) terms contained in such Incremental Facility that are more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Incremental Facility than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Lenders under the applicable Revolving Credit Facility or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent, (3) terms contained in such Incremental Facility that (taken as a whole) reflect then current market terms and conditions (taken as a whole) at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), (4) terms contained in such Incremental Facility that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, not more favorable to the lenders or agent of such Incremental Facility than those contained in the Loan Documents and (5) any condition to any extension of credit under any Incremental Facility, in each case will be deemed to be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) The currency, pricing (including any MFN or other pricing term), interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, premiums (including any prepayment premium), and funding discount applicable to any Incremental Term Loan shall be determined by the Borrower and the lender or lenders providing such Incremental Term Loan provided , that (i) in the case of any Incremental Term Loans that constitutes MFN Indebtedness, the interest rate margin (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any original issuance discount or 
 86 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

fees payable in connection therewith) payable applicable thereto may not be more than 0.50 per annum higher than the Applicable Margin that is applicable to the Initial Term Loans, unless the Applicable Margin (and or, as provided in the following clause (ii) , the Alternate Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor) with respect to the Initial Term Loans is adjusted, in each case, such that the Applicable Margin in respect of such Initial Term Loans is not more than 0.50 per annum less than the interest rate margin with respect to such Incremental Term Loan (it being understood for purposes of this clause (i) that if such Incremental Term Loan or the Initial Term Loan includes a Term SOFR floor that is in effect with respect to such Incremental Term Loan or the Initial Term Loans, as applicable, on the date of incurrence of the relevant Incremental Term Loan, the excess amount of each such floor over Term SOFR will be equated to interest rate margin) and (B) any increase in the Applicable Margin applicable to any Initial Term Loan due to the application or imposition of an Alternate Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor on any Incremental Term Loan may, at the election of the Borrower, be effected solely through an increase in (or implementation of, as applicable) any Alternate Base Rate floor or Term SOFR floor applicable to such Initial Term Loan (this proviso, the MFN Provision ). 
 (f) The Borrower may invite any Lender or any additional Eligible Assignees to become Term Lenders or Revolving Credit Lenders. No Lender will be obligated to provide all or any portion of any Incremental Facility and the determination to provide such commitment shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender. Any failure by a Lender to respond to any such invitation shall not be deemed an acceptance or agreement to provide such Incremental Facility. 
 (g) If any Term Loan Commitments or Revolving Credit Commitments are added in accordance with this Section 2.16 , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date (the Incremental Commitments Effective Date and the final allocations of such additional Commitments. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility of the final allocation thereof and the Incremental Commitments Effective Date. The conditions to effectiveness of any Incremental Facility will be as agreed among the Borrower and the lenders providing such Incremental Facility. 
 (h) On each Incremental Commitments Effective Date, (i) each Lender or Eligible Assignee which is providing an additional Term Loan Commitment (A) shall become a Term Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (B) unless such Incremental Term Loan is structured as a delayed draw term loan, shall make an Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such additional Term Loan Commitment, and such Incremental Term Loan shall be deemed a Term Loan for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (ii) each Lender or Eligible Assignee which is providing an Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment shall become a Revolving Credit Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with a Revolving Credit Commitment. 
 (i) (i) any Incremental Facility may rank pari passu with or junior to any then-existing Tranche of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as applicable, in right of payment and or security or may be unsecured (and to the extent the relevant Incremental Facility is secured on a junior lien basis or subordinated in right of payment, it shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) and (ii) no Incremental Facility may be (x) guaranteed by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party (it being understood and agreed that the obligations of any Subsidiary with respect to any escrow arrangement into which the proceeds of any Incremental Term Loan are deposited shall not constitute a guarantee by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party) or (y) secured by any asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that does not constitute Collateral it being understood that any Incremental Facility that is funded into Escrow pursuant to customary (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) escrow arrangements may be secured by the applicable funds and related assets held in Escrow (and the proceeds thereof) until the date on which such funds are released from Escrow. 
 (j) The proceeds of any Incremental Facility may be used by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for working capital and other general corporate purposes and any other use not prohibited by this Agreement. 
 (k) Upon the implementation of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.16 
 (i) if such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment establishes a Revolving Credit Commitment of the same Tranche as any then-existing Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments, (A) each Revolving Credit Lender immediately prior to such increase will 
 87 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each relevant Lender with respect to such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, and each relevant Lender with respect to such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed a portion of such Revolving Credit Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit such that, after giving effect to each deemed assignment and assumption of such participations, all of the Revolving Credit Lenders (including each Lender under such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit shall be held on a pro rata basis on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.16 and (B) the existing Revolving Credit Lenders of the applicable Tranche shall assign Revolving Credit Loans to certain other Revolving Credit Lenders of such Tranche (including the Revolving Credit Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment), and such other Revolving Credit Lenders (including the Revolving Credit Lenders providing the relevant Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment) shall purchase such Revolving Credit Loans, in each case to the extent necessary so that all of the Revolving Credit Lenders of such Tranche participate in each outstanding Borrowing of Revolving Credit Loans pro rata on the basis of their respective Revolving Credit Commitments of such Tranche (after giving effect to any increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Tranche pursuant to this Section 2.16 it being understood and agreed that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to this clause (i) and 
 (ii) if such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment establishes Revolving Credit Commitments of a new Tranche, then (A) the borrowing and repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to any Revolving Credit Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment may be made on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Facilities (it being understood that (x) any Revolving Credit Facility that participates in borrowings on a pro rata basis with other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in repayments on a pro rata basis with such other Revolving Credit Facilities and (y) any Revolving Credit Facility that must participate in borrowings on a less than pro rata basis as compared to other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in repayments on a less than pro rata basis as compared to such other Revolving Credit Facilities (except, in any case, for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Credit Facilities (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required on the Maturity Date of any Revolving Credit Facility and (3) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Credit Facility (subject to clause (C) below))), (B) all Letters of Credit shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Credit Lenders and (C) any permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Credit Facility after the effective date of such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment may be made with respect to such Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Facilities (it being understood that (x) any Revolving Credit Facility that participates in borrowings on a pro rata basis with other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in permanent repayments of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, such Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata basis with such other Revolving Credit Facilities and (y) any Revolving Credit Facility that must participate in borrowings on a less than pro rata basis with other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in permanent repayments of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, such Revolving Credit Facility on a less than pro rata basis as compared to such other Revolving Credit Facilities provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any such Revolving Credit Commitments are terminated in full and refinanced or replaced with a Refinancing Revolving Facility or an Incremental Facility implemented in reliance on clause (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap , such Revolving Credit Commitments may be terminated on a greater than pro rata basis). 
 (l) On the date of effectiveness of any Incremental Revolving Credit Commitment, the Letter of Credit Sublimit and or the Swing Line Sublimit, as applicable, permitted hereunder may be increased by an amount, if any, agreed upon by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the relevant L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable. 
 (m) This Section 2.16 shall supersede any provision in Section 2.13 , 2.14 or 11.01 to the contrary. 
 88 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 2.17. Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Revolving Credit Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender 
 (a) The Commitment Fee shall cease to accrue on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments of such Defaulting Lender under Section 2.10(a) 
 (b) if any Swing Line Obligations or L C Obligations exist at the time any Revolving Credit Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (i) all or any part of the Swing Line Obligations (other than the portion of such Swing Line Obligations referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) and L C Obligations of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders that are Revolving Credit Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of the Swing Line Obligations and L C Obligations but only to the extent (A) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at such time and (B) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Outstandings plus such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all Swing Line Obligations and L C Obligations does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within three Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all Swing Line Obligations and (y) second, Cash Collateralize for the benefit of the L C Issuer only the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04(g) for so long as such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations is outstanding 
 (iii) if the Borrower Cash Collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(i) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations during the period such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations is Cash Collateralized 
 (iv) if such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations is reallocated to the non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.04(i) and 2.10(a) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Shares and 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the L C Issuer or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees and commitment fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment that was utilized by such L C Obligations) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.04(i) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations shall be payable to the applicable L C Issuer until and to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations is reallocated and or Cash Collateralized and 
 (c) so long as any Revolving Credit Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund such portion of any Swing Line Loan that equals such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swing Line Loan, and the L C Issuer shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless they are satisfied (in their reasonable judgment) that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding Pro Rata Share of all L C Obligations will be 100 covered by the Revolving Credit Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.17(b) , and participating interests in any newly made Swing Line Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.17(b)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 89 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(d) In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuers agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Revolving Credit Lenders Pro Rata Shares of the Swing Line Obligations and L C Obligations shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Credit Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swing Line Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving Credit Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share, and such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender. 
 Section 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders of any applicable Tranche, in each case on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the respective Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments of such Tranche, as the case may be) and on the same terms to each such Lender, the Borrower is hereby permitted to consummate from time to time transactions with individual Lenders that accept the terms contained in such Extension Offers to extend the maturity date of all or a portion of each such Lender s Term Loans and or Revolving Credit Commitments and otherwise modify the terms of such Term Loans and or Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to the terms of the relevant Extension Offer (including by changing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such Term Loans and or Revolving Credit Commitments (and related outstandings) and or modifying the amortization schedule in respect of such Term Loans) (each, an Extension , and any Extended Term Loans shall constitute a separate tranche of Term Loans from the Tranche of Term Loans from which they were converted and any Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall constitute a separate tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from the Tranche of Revolving Credit Commitments from which they were converted), so long as the following terms are satisfied 
 (i) except as to currency, pricing (including any MFN or other pricing terms), interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, premiums (including prepayment premiums), funding discounts and maturity (which shall be subject to the immediately succeeding clause (iii) ), the terms of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment shall be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension of its Revolving Credit Commitments and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer provided , that if the terms of any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment are not substantially consistent with the terms of the then-existing Revolving Credit Facility subject to such Extension Offer, such terms shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being understood (A) terms applicable to such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Loans that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Loans than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent, (B) terms, taken as a whole, that reflect then current market terms and conditions, taken as a whole, at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (C) any covenant or other provision applicable only after the Latest Revolver Maturity Date applicable to the Revolving Credit Commitment of any Lender who agrees to an extension with respect to such Commitment (an Extended Revolving Credit Commitment and the Loans thereunder, Extended Revolving Credit Loans ), (D) terms of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, not more favorable to the lenders or agent of such Incremental Facility than those contained in the Loan Documents and (E) any condition to any extension of credit under any Extended Revolving Credit Commitment, in each case will be deemed to be satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) provided , that to the extent more than one Revolving Credit Facility exists after giving effect to any such Extension, (x) the borrowing and repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to any Revolving Credit Facility after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Facilities (it being understood that any Revolving Credit Facility that participates in borrowings on a pro rata basis with other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in repayments on a pro rata basis with such Revolving Credit Facilities (except, in any case, for (1) payments of interest and fees at different rates on the Revolving Credit Facilities (and related outstandings), (2) repayments required on the Maturity Date of any Revolving Credit Facility and (3) repayments made in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments under any Revolving Credit Facility (subject to clause (z) below))), (y) all Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall be participated on a pro rata basis by all Revolving Credit Lenders 
 90 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

as contemplated by Section 2.04(m) and 2.05(f) and (z) any permanent repayment of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and reduction or termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, any Revolving Credit Facility after the effective date of such Extended Revolving Credit Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis or non-pro rata basis with all other Revolving Credit Facilities (it being understood that a Revolving Credit Facility that participates in borrowings on a pro rata basis with other Revolving Credit Facilities shall participate in permanent repayments of Revolving Credit Loans with respect to, and reduction and termination of Revolving Credit Commitments under, such Revolving Credit Facility on a pro rata basis with such other Revolving Credit Facilities provided , that notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any such Revolving Credit Commitments are terminated in full and refinanced or replaced with Refinancing Revolving Facility or an Incremental Facility implemented in reliance on clause (b) of the definition of Incremental Cap , such Revolving Credit Commitments may be terminated on a greater than pro rata basis) 
 (ii) except as to (A) currency, pricing (including any MFN or other pricing term), interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, funding discounts, amortization, final maturity date, premiums (including prepayment premiums), required prepayment dates and participation in prepayments (which shall, subject to immediately succeeding clauses (iii) , (iv) and (v) , be determined by the Borrower and any Lender who agrees to an Extension of its Term Loans and set forth in the relevant Extension Offer), (B) terms applicable to such Extended Term Loans (as defined below) that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, more favorable to the lenders or the agent of such Extended Term Loans than those contained in the Loan Documents applicable to the relevant Term Loans and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the Term Lenders in respect of such Term Loans or, as applicable, the Administrative Agent, (C) terms, taken as a whole, that reflect then current market terms and conditions, taken as a whole, at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (D) any covenant or other provision applicable only to any period after the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date (in each case, as of the date of such Extension), the Term Loans of any Lender extended pursuant to any Extension (any such extended Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans shall have substantially consistent terms (or terms not less favorable to existing Lenders) as the tranche of Term Loans subject to the relevant Extension Offer unless such terms are reasonably accepted to the Administrative Agent 
 (iii) (x) the final maturity date of any Extended Term Loans may be no earlier than the then applicable Latest Term Loan Maturity Date at the time of Extension and (y) no Extended Revolving Credit Commitments or Extended Revolving Credit Loans may have a final maturity date earlier than (or require commitment reductions prior to) the Latest Revolver Maturity Date 
 (iv) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Term Loans shall be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans extended thereby 
 (v) any Extended Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory repayments or prepayments in respect of the applicable Term Facility, in each case as specified in the respective Extension Offer 
 (vi) if the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (calculated on the face amount thereof) or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, in respect of which Lenders shall have accepted the relevant Extension Offer shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments, as the case may be, offered to be extended by the Borrower pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, of such Lenders shall be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer 
 (vii) all documentation in respect of such Extension (including the Extension Amendment) shall be consistent with the foregoing 
 (viii) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, any Extension must be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 and 
 91 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ix) no Lender shall be obligated to agree to an Extension Offer and the determination to agree to an Extension shall be within the sole and absolute discretion of such Lender. Any failure by a Lender to respond to any such Extension Offer shall not be deemed an acceptance or agreement to provide an Extension. 
 (b) With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.18 , (i) such Extensions shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments or commitment reductions for purposes of Sections 2.06 , 2.07 or 2.08 , (ii) the amortization schedules (in so far as such schedule affects payments due to Lenders participating in the relevant Facility) set forth in Section 2.08 shall be adjusted to give effect to the Extension of the relevant Facility and (iii) except as set forth in clause (a)(viii) above, no Extension Offer is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment provided , that the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Offer in the Borrower s sole discretion and which may be waived by the Borrower) of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments (as applicable) of any or all applicable Tranches to be tendered. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Section 2.18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Term Loans and or Extended Revolving Credit Commitments on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 2.06 , 2.07 or 2.08 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.18 . 
 (c) No consent of any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be required to effectuate any Extension, other than (A) the consent of each Lender agreeing to such Extension with respect to one or more of its Term Loans and or Revolving Credit Commitments (or a portion thereof) and (B) with respect to any Extension of the Revolving Credit Commitments (or a portion thereof), the consent of the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. All Extended Term Loans and Extended Revolving Credit Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral and guaranteed on a pari passu basis with all other applicable Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Borrower as may be necessary in order to establish new Tranches or sub-Tranches in respect of Revolving Credit Commitments or Term Loans so extended and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Tranches or sub-Tranches, in each case on terms consistent with this Section 2.18 . In addition, if so provided in such amendment and with the consent of the L C Issuer, participants in Letters of Credit expiring on or after the latest maturity date (but in no event later than the date that is five Business Days prior to the Initial Revolver Maturity Date) in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitments shall be re-allocated from Lenders holding non-extended Revolving Credit Commitments to Lenders holding Extended Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with the terms of such amendment provided , however , that such participation interests shall, upon receipt thereof by the relevant Lenders holding Revolving Credit Commitments, be deemed to be participation interests in respect of such Revolving Credit Commitments and the terms of such participation interests shall be adjusted accordingly. 
 (d) In connection with any Extension, the Borrower shall provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and shall agree to such procedures (including regarding timing, rounding and other adjustments and to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension), if any, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the purposes of this Section 2.18 . 
 Section 2.19. Refinancing Amendments . 
 (a) The Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time, request to extend, exchange, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or in part, existing Term Loans or existing Revolving Credit Loans (or unused Revolving Credit Commitments), or any then-existing Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (solely for purposes of this Section 2.19 , Refinanced Debt ), with Indebtedness consisting of (i) Refinancing Term Loans (such term loan facility, a Refinancing Term Loan Facility ), in each case, in respect of all or any portion of any Tranche of Term Loans then outstanding under this Agreement or (ii) Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments (such revolving 
 92 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

credit facility, a Refinancing Revolving Facility and together with any Refinancing Term Loan Facility, the Refinancing Facilities in respect of all or any portion of any Revolving Credit Loans (and the unused Revolving Credit Commitments with respect to such Revolving Credit Loans) then outstanding under this Agreement, in each case pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment (such Indebtedness, Refinancing Indebtedness ). Each written notice to the Administrative Agent requesting a Refinancing Amendment shall set forth (i) the amount of the Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments being requested (which shall be in a minimum amount of 5,000,000 unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the date on which such Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments are requested to become effective (which shall not be less than five Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) after the date of such notice). The Borrower may seek Refinancing Indebtedness from existing Lenders (each of which shall be entitled to agree or decline to participate in its sole discretion) or any Person that is an Eligible Assignee (each such Person that is not an existing Lender and that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with this Section 2.19 , an Additional Lender ). 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment shall be subject to (i) on the date of effectiveness thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall be caused thereby, (ii) the terms of the applicable Refinancing Indebtedness shall comply with Section 2.19(c) and (iii) except as otherwise specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment, the Administrative Agent shall have received (with sufficient copies for each of the Refinancing Term Loan Lenders and Refinancing Revolving Lenders, as applicable) legal opinions, board resolutions and other closing certificates reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) The terms and provisions of any Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to any Refinancing Amendment shall not be, except as otherwise set forth herein or in the Refinancing Amendment and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, taken as a whole, as determined by the Borrower in good faith, materially more favorable to the Lenders providing such Indebtedness than those applicable to the applicable Refinanced Debt provided (i) any provisions which apply only to periods after the maturity date of the Refinanced Debt, (ii) terms that are more favorable to the lenders of such Refinancing Indebtedness than those contained in the Loan Documents and are then conformed (or added) to the Loan Documents for the benefit of the applicable Lenders and (iii) terms, taken as a whole, that reflect then current market terms and conditions, taken as a whole, at the time of incurrence or issuance (as determined by the Borrower in good faith), in each case, shall be deemed acceptable to the Administrative Agent) provided , that 
 (i) such Refinancing Indebtedness consisting of Refinancing Term Loans shall other than with respect to Customary Term A Loans, Customary Bridge Loans or the Inside Maturity Amount have (A) a maturity date no earlier than the maturity date of the applicable Refinanced Debt and (B) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than that of the Refinanced Debt, 
 (ii) there shall be no scheduled amortization of such Refinancing Indebtedness consisting of Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments and the scheduled termination date of such Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments shall not be earlier than the scheduled termination date of the Refinanced Debt, 
 (iii) such Refinancing Indebtedness will rank pari passu or junior in right of payment and of security with the other Obligations hereunder (and, if applicable, be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement) or be unsecured, 
 (iv) such Refinancing Indebtedness shall be guaranteed by the Guaranty, 
 (v) the interest rate margin, rate floors, fees, original issue discount and premiums applicable to such Refinancing Indebtedness shall be determined by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Refinancing Indebtedness, 
 (vi) such Refinancing Indebtedness (including, if such Indebtedness includes any Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, the unused portion of such Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments) shall not have a greater principal amount than the principal amount of the Refinanced Debt plus accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) thereon and reasonable fees and 
 93 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

expenses associated with the refinancing, plus the unused Revolving Credit Commitments being replaced, and 
 (vii) such Refinanced Debt shall be repaid, defeased or satisfied and discharged on a dollar-for-dollar basis, and all accrued interest, fees and premiums (if any) in connection therewith shall be paid, substantially concurrently with the incurrence of such Refinancing Indebtedness in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.13 provided , further , that to the extent that such Refinancing Indebtedness consists of Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments, the Revolving Credit Commitments being refinanced by such Refinancing Indebtedness shall be terminated, and all accrued fees in connection therewith shall be paid, on the date such Refinancing Indebtedness is issued, incurred or obtained. 
 (d) In connection with any Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to this Section 2.19 , the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each applicable Lender or Additional Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a Refinancing Amendment and such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence such Refinancing Indebtedness. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent reasonably necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto. Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.19 , including any amendments necessary to establish the Refinancing Term Loans and Refinancing Revolving Credit Commitments as new Classes, Tranches or sub-Tranches of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Commitments and such other technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection therewith, in each case on terms not inconsistent with this Section 2.19 . 
 Article 3 TAXES, INCREASED COSTS AND ILLEGALITY 
 Section 3.01. Taxes . 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes Obligation to Withhold Payments on Account of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without withholding or deduction for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws. If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or other applicable withholding agent shall be required by any applicable Laws to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable withholding agent), then (i) the applicable withholding agent, as required by such Laws, shall be entitled to withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required, (ii) the applicable withholding agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (iii) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (c) Tax Indemnifications . 
 (i) The Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify each Recipient, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 30 days after demand therefor accompanied by the certificate described below in this clause (c)(i) , for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such 
 94 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Recipient, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand and the calculation of the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (ii) Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting or expanding any obligation of the Borrower to do so), (y) against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.07 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (c)(ii) . 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 
 (e) Status of Lenders and Agent Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Recipient is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Recipient s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Recipient. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
 (A) any Recipient that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Recipient becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (B) any Recipient that is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such 
 95 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Foreign Lender becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of an applicable IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an applicable IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower, as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of an applicable IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, an applicable IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3 , IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided , that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (D) if a payment made to a Recipient under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 96 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(iii) In addition, to the extent it has not provided an IRS Form W-9 pursuant to the preceding subsection (ii) and is legally eligible to do so, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower (y) prior to the date on which the first payment by the Borrower is due hereunder or (z) prior to the first date on which such person becomes a successor agent pursuant to Section 9.09 , as applicable, properly completed and duly executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY certifying on Part I, Part II and Part VI thereof that it is a U.S. branch that has agreed to be treated as a U.S. Person for U.S. federal tax purposes with respect to payments received by it from the Borrower in its capacity as Administrative Agent. 
 (iv) Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (v) Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver to the Loan Parties and to any successor Administrative Agent any documentation provided by such Lender to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.01(e) . 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund) provided , that the Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (f) , in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this clause (f) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This clause (f) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 
 (g) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 Section 3.02. Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR or Term SOFR, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term SOFR Loans in Dollars or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Term SOFR Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may 
 97 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

not lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amount required pursuant to Section 3.07 . Each Lender agrees to designate a different Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for such notice and will not, in the good faith judgment of such Lender, otherwise be materially disadvantageous to such Lender. 
 Section 3.03. Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) If prior to (x) the commencement of any Interest Period for any Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, (y) any relevant date of determination of the interest rate with respect to any Revolving Credit Loans denominated in an Alternate Currency or (z) a conversion of ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any of such Term SOFR Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) and the circumstances under Section 3.03(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in an Alternate Currency or the determination of the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate in connection with an existing or proposed ABR Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines, or is advised by the Required Lenders, that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or Revolving Credit Loans denominated in the relevant Alternate Currency, or to convert ABR Loans to Term SOFR Loans, as the case may be, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Alternate Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Alternate Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in Section 3.03(a)(ii) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Revolving Credit Loans denominated in the relevant Alternate Currency, as the case may be (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, or Interest Periods), or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein into a request for a Borrowing of ABR Loans in the amount specified therein and (B)(i) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to ABR Loans immediately and (ii) any outstanding affected Revolving Credit Loan denominated in the relevant Alternate Currency, at the Borrower's option, will either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternate Currency immediately or (2) be prepaid in full immediately provided , that if no election is made by the Borrower (x) in the case of a Revolving Credit Loan denominated in the relevant Alternate Currency, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of such notice or (y) in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for such applicable Term SOFR Loan, the Borrower will be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Borrower or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or the Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency because either (x) none of the one month, three month and six month interest periods of such Relevant Rate (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) is or (y) the Relevant Rate is not, in either case, available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 98 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ii) the Applicable Authority (or any successor administrator thereof), in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) or the Relevant Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in such Agreed Currency, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided , that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, that will continue to provide such interest period(s) of the Relevant Rate or the Relevant Rate itself, in either case, for such Agreed Currency after such specific date (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate or such Relevant Rate itself, in either case, for such Agreed Currency (including any forward-looking term rate thereof) are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate for the relevant Agreed Currency then in effect, then, (x) with respect to Term SOFR, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to clause (ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Loan Document with Daily Simple SOFR for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Term SOFR Successor Rate ), and (y) with respect to any other Relevant Rate (or if Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date), reasonably promptly after such determination by the Administrative Agent or receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternate benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Other Relevant Rate Successor Rate and together with the Term SOFR Successor Rate, a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all relevant Lenders and the Borrower unless, in the case of any amendments in connection with an Other Relevant Rate Successor Rate, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 
 If the relevant Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Borrower and each relevant Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than, (x) solely with respect to the Initial Term Loans, 0.50 per annum or (y) solely with respect to the Initial Revolving Credit Loans, 0.00 per annum, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be 0.50 per annum or 0.00 per annum, respectively, for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 99 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement provided , that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 3.03 , those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Alternate Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 Section 3.04. Increased Costs . If any Change in Law shall 
 (a) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Term SOFR or SONIA) 
 (b) subject any Lender or L C Issuer to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 (c) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Term SOFR Loans or SONIA Loans made by such Lender 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan, or to increase the cost to such Lender, or such L C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or L C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or L C Issuer, the Borrower will within 30 days of receipt of the certificate contemplated by Section 3.08(a) pay to such Lender or L C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or L C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered provided , further , that no Lender or L C Issuer shall make a demand for payment hereunder unless such Lender is also making demand for reimbursement of the relevant amounts from similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 Section 3.05. Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law other than due to Taxes (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time, the Borrower within 30 days of receipt of the certificate contemplated by Section 3.08(a) will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered provided , that no Lender shall make a demand for payment hereunder unless such Lender is also making demand for reimbursement of the relevant amounts from similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 Section 3.06. Reserved . 
 Section 3.07. Funding Losses . Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender 
 100 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

harmless from any actual loss, cost or expense (but excluding loss of anticipated profit) incurred by it as a result of 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise) 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Term SOFR Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower or 
 (c) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.09(a) or Section 11.01 
 including any actual out-of-pocket loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by such Lender to maintain such Loan, or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. No Lender shall make a demand for payment under this Section 3.07 unless such Lender is also making demand for reimbursement of the relevant amounts from similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. 
 Section 3.08. Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or any Lender claiming compensation under this Article 3 shall deliver a certificate to the Borrower contemporaneously with the demand for payment that (x) sets forth in reasonable detail a calculation of the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder which shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error and (y) certifies that such Lender, to the extent required by the terms of this Agreement, is generally charging the relevant amounts to similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities. In determining such amount, the Administrative Agent or such Lender may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. For the avoidance of doubt, any additional amounts required to be paid pursuant to Section 3.01 are not subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 3.08(a) . The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 30 days after receipt thereof. 
 (b) (i) Except as provided in the following sentence, failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the provisions of this Article 3 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation. With respect to any Lender s claim for compensation under any of Sections 3.02 through 3.07 , the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender for any amount incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the event that gives rise to such claim provided , that, if the circumstance giving rise to such increased cost or reduction is retroactive, then such 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. If any Lender requests compensation from the Borrower under Section 3.04 or 3.05 , the Borrower may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue from one Interest Period to another Term SOFR Loans, or to convert ABR Loans into Term SOFR Loans, until the event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.08(c) shall be applicable) provided , that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested. 
 (i) With respect to any Recipient s claim for compensation under Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Recipient for any Taxes to the extent such Taxes were either (A) paid by such Recipient to a governmental authority for the purpose of satisfying the Recipient s tax liability related to the claim for compensation under Section 3.01 if such payment occurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Recipient notifies the Borrower of such claim or (B) assessed by a governmental authority in writing and such Recipient received such notice more than 180 days prior to the date that such Recipient notifies the Borrower of a claim for compensation under Section 3.01 . 
 (c) If the obligation of any Lender to make or continue from one Interest Period to another any Term SOFR Loan (or to convert ABR Loans into Term SOFR Loans) shall be suspended pursuant to Section 3.08(b) , such Lender s Term SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars shall be automatically converted into ABR Loans on the last day(s) of the then current Interest Period(s) for such Term SOFR Loans (or, in the 
 101 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

case of an immediate conversion required by Section 3.02 , on such earlier date as required by Law) and, unless and until such Lender gives notice as provided below that the circumstances specified in Sections 3.02 through 3.05 that gave rise to such conversion no longer exist 
 (i) to the extent that such Lender s Term SOFR Loans have been so converted, all payments and prepayments of principal that would otherwise be applied to such Lender s Term SOFR Loans shall be applied instead to its ABR Loans and 
 (ii) all Loans that would otherwise be made or continued from one Interest Period to another by such Lender as Term SOFR Loans shall, to the extent such Loans are denominated in Dollars, be made or continued instead as ABR Loans, and all ABR Loans of such Lender that would otherwise be converted into Term SOFR Loans shall remain as ABR Loans. 
 (d) If any Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in any of Sections 3.02 through 3.05 that gave rise to the conversion of such Lender s Term SOFR Loans pursuant to this Section 3.08 no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when Term SOFR Loans made by other Lenders are outstanding, such Lender s ABR Loans shall be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Term SOFR Loans, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans held by the Lenders holding Term SOFR Loans and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (e) (i) If the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Recipient or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Recipient pursuant to Section 3.01 , then such Recipient shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Recipient, such designation or assignment (A) would eliminate amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 in the future and (B) would not subject such Recipient to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Recipient. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by any Recipient in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any Lender (A) requests compensation under any of Section 3.04 or 3.05 , or (B) notifies the Borrower that it has determined that it is unlawful for its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Term SOFR Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Term SOFR, then such Lender will, if requested by the Borrower, use commercially reasonable efforts to designate another Lending Office for any Loan or Letter of Credit affected by such event provided , that in each case, such efforts are made on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its Lending Office(s) to suffer no material economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided , further , that nothing in this Section 3.08(e) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.02 , 3.04 or 3.05 . 
 Section 3.09. Replacement of Lenders Under Certain Circumstances . 
 (a) If at any time 
 (i) the Borrower becomes obligated to pay additional amounts or indemnity payments described in Section 3.01 , 3.04 or 3.05 , as a result of any condition described in such Sections or any Lender ceases to make Term SOFR Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.02 , 3.04 or 3.05 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.08(e) , or 
 (ii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, 
 then the Borrower may upon written notice to the Administrative Agent and such Lender, either 
 (A) replace such Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign 100 of its relevant Commitments and the principal of its 
 102 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

relevant outstanding Loans at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest pursuant to Section 11.07(d) (with the assignment fee to be paid by the Borrower unless waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance) all of its relevant rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees provided , that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender or other such Person or 
 (B) terminate the Commitment of such Lender and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Lender relating to the Loans and participations held by such Lender as of such termination date 
 provided , however , that in the case of a Defaulting Lender only, the Borrower shall have the right to take such action as it may elect (including no action) under the immediately preceding clauses (A) and or (B) independently and at different times with respect to any one or more Classes or Tranches of Loans (and the related Commitments) of such Defaulting Lender, without being obligated to take the same action with respect to all Classes and Tranches of Loans and related Commitments of such Defaulting Lender. 
 (b) Any Lender being replaced pursuant to Section 3.09(a) above shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender s applicable Commitment and outstanding Loans and related participations in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) Pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption arising by operation of Section 3.09(b) , (i) the assignee Lender shall acquire all or a portion, as the case may be, of the assigning Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in L C Obligations and Swing Line Loans, (ii) all obligations of the Borrower owing to the assigning Lender relating to the Loans and participations so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to such assigning Lender concurrently with the execution of such Assignment and Assumption and (iii) upon such payment and, if so requested by the assignee Lender, delivery to the assignee Lender of the appropriate Note or Notes executed by the Borrower, the assignee Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to be a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (i) any Lender that acts as L C Issuer may not be replaced by operation of this Section 3.09 at any time that it has any Letter of Credit outstanding unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer (including the furnishing of a back-up standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a Cash Collateral Account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) any Lender that acts as Administrative Agent may not be replaced by operation of this Section 3.09 except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.09 . 
 (e) The Borrower shall also be entitled to replace a Dissenting Lender in accordance with Section 11.01(b)(v) . 
 (f) To the extent that any Lender is replaced pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(v) requiring payment of a fee pursuant to Section 2.10(b) , the Borrower shall pay to each Lender being replaced the fee set forth in Section 2.10(b) . 
 Section 3.10. Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article 3 shall survive the occurrence of the Termination Date. 
 103 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Article 4 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 Section 4.01. Conditions Precedent to the Closing Date . The obligation of each Lender to make its initial Loans hereunder and the effectiveness of its Commitments is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent s receipt of the counterparts to the following Loan Documents, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Loan Party party thereto (i) this Agreement, (ii) any Note to the extent requested by the relevant Lender at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (iii) the Security Agreement. 
 (b) Secretary s Certificate and Good Standing Certificates . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) a certificate dated the Closing Date and executed by a Responsible Officer of each of the Loan Parties, certifying (i) (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the articles or certificate of incorporation or other comparable organizational documents of such Loan Party, certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and complete copy of the bylaws, operating or comparable governing document of such Loan Party and (y) that such documents or agreements have not been amended since the date reflected therein (except as otherwise attached to such certificate and certified therein as being the only amendments thereto as of such date) and (ii) (x) that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions or written consents of its shareholders or board of directors or other relevant governing body, as the case may be, authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect on the Closing Date without amendment, modification or rescission, and (y) as to the incumbency and genuineness of the signature of the officers, directors, managers or other authorized signatories of each Loan Party, executing this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party and (ii) a good standing (or equivalent) of each of the Loan Parties under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization from the relevant authority of its jurisdiction of organization, dated as of a recent date. 
 (c) Financial Statements and Pro Forma Financial Statements . The Administrative Agent shall have received 
 (i) (A) the audited consolidated balance sheets of S1 Holdco and the System1 Subsidiaries (each as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) as of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the respective twelve-month periods then ended and (B) the audited consolidated balance sheets of Protected.net Group Limited Group as of December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for the respective twelve-month periods then ended 
 (ii) (A)(1) the unaudited consolidated condensed balance sheet of S1 Holdco and the System1 Subsidiaries (each as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) , as of March 31, 2021 and the related unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income for the three-month period ended March 31, 2021 and (2) the unaudited consolidated condensed balance sheet as of the end of, and the related unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income for, each fiscal quarter of the S1 Holdco and the System1 Subsidiaries (each, as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) ending after March 31, 2021 and at least 60 days prior to the Closing Date and (B)(1) the unaudited consolidated condensed balance sheet Protected.net Group Limited Group, as of March 31, 2021 and the related unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income for the three-month period ended March 31, 2021 and (2) the unaudited consolidated condensed balance sheet as of the end of, and the related unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income for, each fiscal quarter of Protected.net Group Limited Group ending after March 31, 2021 and at least 60 days prior to the Closing Date and 
 (iii) a pro forma consolidated balance sheet and a related consolidated statement of income of the Borrower as of and for, as applicable, the 12-month period ended as of June 30, 2021, prepared in good faith after giving effect to the Transactions as if the Transactions had occurred 
 104 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

as of such date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of such statement of income) provided , that no financial statement or pro forma financial statement will be required to include adjustments for purchase accounting (including adjustments of the type contemplated by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)). 
 (d) Legal Opinions . An opinion of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and L C Issuer and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) Closing Certificate . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01(n)(ii) as of the Closing Date. 
 (f) Loan Notice . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application, as applicable, relating to the initial borrowings of Loans on the Closing Date. 
 (g) Solvency Certificate . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer (or other officer with reasonably equivalent responsibilities) of the Borrower in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I , certifying that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Transactions, are Solvent. 
 (h) Fees . All fees and expenses required to be paid by (or on behalf of) the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders on or before the Closing Date (including fees pursuant to the Fee Letter) shall have been paid in full (which amounts may be offset against the loan proceeds funded on the Closing Date) (and in the case of expenses, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date or such later date to which the Borrower may agree). 
 (i) Acquisition . Substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, the Acquisition shall be consummated substantially in accordance with the terms of the Acquisition Agreement, but without giving effect to any amendment, waiver or consent by the Borrower that is materially adverse to the interests of the Arranger or the Initial Lenders in their respective capacities as such without the consent of the Arranger, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 
 (j) Closing Date Refinancing . Substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the Loans hereunder, including by use of the proceeds thereof, the Closing Date Refinancing shall be consummated. 
 (k) Closing Date Material Adverse Effect . Since the date of the Acquisition Agreement, no Closing Date Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred with respect to either S1 Holdco (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) or Protected (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement). 
 (l) Beneficial Ownership Certification . To the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, no later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower to the extent reasonably requested by it at least ten Business Days in advance of the Closing Date. 
 (m) USA Patriot Act . No later than three Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and other information reasonably requested with respect to any Loan Party in writing by any Initial Lender at least ten Business Days in advance of the Closing Date, which documentation or other information is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act. 
 (n) Representations and Warranties . (i) The Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations shall be true and correct to the extent required by the terms of the definition thereof on and as of the Closing Date and (ii) the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all 
 105 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

material respects on and as of the Closing Date provided , that (A) in the case of any Specified Representation that specifically refers to a given date or period, such Specified Representation shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date or for such period and (B) if any Specified Representation is qualified by or subject to a material adverse effect , material adverse change or similar term or qualification, (1) the definition thereof shall be the definition of Closing Date Material Adverse Effect for purposes of the making or deemed making of such Specified Representation on, or as of, the Closing Date (or any date prior thereto) and (2) such Specified Representation shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates or for such respective periods. 
 (o) Perfection Certificate . The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a completed Perfection Certificate dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, together with all attachments contemplated thereby. 
 (p) Filings Registrations and Recordings . Subject to the final paragraph of this Section 4.01 and except as may otherwise be agreed by the Administrative Agent, the requirements set forth in clause (a) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be satisfied. 
 For purposes of determining whether the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 have been satisfied on the Closing Date, by funding the Loans hereunder or issuing a Letter of Credit on the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L C Issuer, as applicable, shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required hereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer, as the case may be. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Lien on any Collateral is not or cannot be created or perfected on the Closing Date (other than, to the extent required herein or in the other Loan Documents, the creation and perfection of a Lien on Collateral that is of the type that may be perfected by the filing of a Form UCC-1 financing statement under the UCC after the Borrower s use of commercially reasonably efforts to do so without undue burden or expense, then the creation and or perfection of such Lien shall not constitute a condition precedent to the availability or initial funding of the Facilities on the Closing Date, but may instead be delivered or perfected within the time period set forth in Section 6.16 (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). 
 Section 4.02. Conditions to All Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension after the Closing Date is subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) The representations and warranties of each Loan Party contained in Article 5 or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects as so qualified) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the relevant L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 Each Request for Credit Extension submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Section 4.02(a) and 4.02(b) (and, if applicable, (c) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
 106 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Article 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 On the dates and to the extent required pursuant to Sections 4.01 or 4.02 , as applicable, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lenders, the L C Issuers and the Administrative Agent that 
 Section 5.01. Existence, Qualification and Power Compliance with Laws . Each Restricted Company (a) is a Person, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance with all Laws (including Environmental Laws), orders, writs and injunctions, and (e) has all requisite governmental permits, licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently conducted except in each case referred to in clauses (a) (other than with respect to the Borrower s valid existence), (c) , (d) or (e) , to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.02. Authorization No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is a party, and, as of the Closing Date, the consummation of the Transactions, are (a) within such Loan Party s corporate or other powers, (b) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, shareholder or other organizational action, and (c) do not and will not (i) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under (other than as permitted by Section 7.01 ), or require any payment to be made under, (A) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree, of or with any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, or (iii) violate any Law, except with respect to any conflict, breach, violation or contravention or payment (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) to the extent that such conflict, breach, contravention or payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.03. Governmental Authorization Other Consents . No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required to be made or obtained by any Loan Party in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance by any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) the grant by any Loan Party of the Liens granted by it pursuant to the Collateral Documents, (c) the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements or (d) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents, except for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties, (ii) the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings which have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force, (iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices or filings described in the Security Agreement and (iv) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.04. Binding Effect . This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party thereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by the Legal Reservations. 
 Section 5.05. Financial Statements No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The financial statements most recently provided pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) , as applicable, present fairly, in all material respects the financial condition of the Parent or the Borrower, as applicable, on a consolidated basis as of such dates and its results of operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP, (i) except as otherwise expressly noted herein, (ii) subject, in the case of quarterly financial statements, to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments and (iii) if 
 107 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

applicable, except as may be necessary to reflect any differing entities and or organizational structure prior to giving effect to the Transactions. 
 (b) Since the Closing Date, there has been no change, effect, event or occurrence that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 (a) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or by or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Other than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) none of the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to, or has received notice of any claim with respect to, any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability and (ii) the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance with all Environmental Laws and have obtained, maintained and complied with all permits, licenses or other approvals required under any Environmental Law. 
 Section 5.07. Ownership of Property Liens . 
 (a) Each of the Restricted Companies has good record title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except (1) for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business (2) Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and (3) except where the failure to have such title or the existence of such Lien would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Each of the Restricted Companies own, or to the knowledge of the Borrower, possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, licenses, database rights and design rights and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are material to the operation of its business as presently conducted, without violation of the rights of any other Person, except to the extent such failure to own or possess the right to use or such violations, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the conduct of the business of each Restricted Company does not infringe upon any IP Rights held by any other Person except for such infringements, individually or in the aggregate, which would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.08. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . 
 (a) None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee or Controlled Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a Person that is (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC or the U.S. State Department, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury (collectively, Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions (including as of the date of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). The Borrower will not, directly or, to the Borrower s knowledge, indirectly, use the proceeds of the Loans, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person to fund any activities or business of, or with, any Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions or otherwise in violation of Sanctions. Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with the applicable Sanctions. 
 (b) None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee or agent of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has taken any 
 108 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a material violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or to the Borrower s knowledge, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity in violation of the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption law. Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with the USA Patriot Act and all other applicable anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations. 
 Section 5.09. Taxes . Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all U.S. federal income and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid or made provision for payment of all federal and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those that are (a) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, or (b) with respect to which the failure to make such filing or payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.10. ERISA Compliance . 
 (a) Each Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code except to the extent that non-compliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. In the preceding five years, each Loan Party and each ERISA Affiliate have made all required contributions to each Pension Plan subject to Section 412 of the Code, and in the preceding five years, no application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code has been made with respect to any Plan, except to the extent a failure to make such contributions or application, as the case may be, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Specified Responsible Officer of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) (i) No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses of this Section 5.10(c) , as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.11. Subsidiaries Equity Interests . (a) As of the Closing Date, the Equity Interests of each Restricted Subsidiary that are owned directly or indirectly by the Borrower (and of the Borrower that are owned by Holdings) are owned free and clear of all Liens, except for any Lien permitted under Section 7.01 and (b) as of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.11 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) and sets forth the ownership interest of the Borrower and any other Subsidiary in each such Subsidiary, including the percentage of such ownership. 
 Section 5.12. Margin Regulations Investment Company Act . 
 (a) No part of the proceeds of any Loan or any Letter of Credit have been used, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, for any purpose that results in a violation of the provisions of Regulation U. 
 (b) None of Holdings, the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 Section 5.13. Disclosure . As of the Closing Date (a) all written information (other than (i) the financial projections, forecasts, financial estimates, other forward-looking and or projected information and (ii) information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) included in the Confidential Information Memorandum provided in connection with syndication of the Facilities or otherwise furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated 
 109 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

hereby (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole, does not, when furnished contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein not materially misleading in the light of the circumstances under and at the time which they were made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto from time to time) and (b) with respect to the financial projections, forecasts, financial estimates, other forward-looking and or projected information contained therein, the Borrower represents and warrants only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable at the time furnished it being understood that (x) such financial projections, forecasts, financial estimates, other forward-looking and or projected information are not to be viewed as facts and are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond your control, (y) no assurance can be given that any particular financial projections will be realized and (z) actual results may differ from projected results and that such differences may be material). For the avoidance of doubt, no representation is made with respect to information of a general economic or general industry nature. 
 Section 5.14. Solvency . On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries are, on a consolidated basis, Solvent. 
 Section 5.15. Perfection, Etc . Subject to the terms of the final paragraph of Section 4.01 , the Legal Reservations, the Perfection Requirements and the provisions, limitations and or exceptions set forth in this Agreement and or any other Loan Document, all filings and other actions necessary to perfect and protect the Liens in the Collateral created under and in the manner contemplated by the Collateral Documents have been duly made or taken or otherwise provided for and are in full force and effect, and the Collateral Documents create in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a valid and, together with such filings and other actions, perfected first priority Liens in the Collateral, securing the payment of the Secured Obligations, subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01 . The Loan Parties are the legal and beneficial owners of the Collateral free and clear of any Lien, except for the Liens created or permitted under the Loan Documents. 
 Article 6 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date to the date all Commitments hereunder have expired or terminated, all Loans or other Obligations (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations for which no claim or demand has been made and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, obligations and liabilities under Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedging Obligations) have been paid in full and satisfied, and any Letter of Credit shall have been terminated or otherwise have been subjected to L C Support (such date, the Termination Date ), Holdings (solely with respect to the covenants applicable to it set forth in Sections 6.05 , 6.08 , 6.12 and 6.13 and the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , 6.03 and 6.15 cause each Restricted Subsidiary to 
 Section 6.01. Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender 
 (a) within 120 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower beginning with the Fiscal Year ending on December 31, 2022, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Year, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous Fiscal Year (it being understood and agreed that no such comparison shall be required if (A) the relevant independent certified public accountant is not willing to provide the same or (B) the corresponding figures from the previous Fiscal Year are not available), all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and audited and accompanied by a report and opinion an accounting firm of recognized national standing (which report shall not be subject to (A) a going concern qualification (but not a going concern explanatory paragraph or like statement) (except as resulting from, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, (1) the impending maturity of any Indebtedness, (2) the breach or anticipated breach of any financial covenant and or (3) the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary) or (B) a qualification as to the scope of the relevant audit) and shall state that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Borrower as at the dates indicated and its results of operations and cash flows for the periods indicated in conformity with 
 110 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

GAAP provided , that if the independent auditor provides an attestation and a report with respect to management s report on internal control over financial reporting and its own evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, then such report may include a qualification or limitation due to the exclusion of any acquired business from such report to the extent such exclusion is permitted under rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
 (b) within 60 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Borrower beginning with the Fiscal Quarter ending on March 31, 2022, a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such Fiscal Quarter, and the related consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for such Fiscal Quarter and for the portion of the Fiscal Year then ended, setting forth, in each case, in comparative form the figures for the corresponding Fiscal Quarter of the previous Fiscal Year and the corresponding portion of the previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes provided , that any comparison against the corresponding figures from the corresponding period in any prior Fiscal Year may reflect the financial results of any applicable predecessor entity or entities 
 (c) solely to the extent the Parent is not then a publicly-traded company, together with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) , a Narrative Report with respect to such Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, covered thereby and 
 (d) if there are any Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, simultaneously with the delivery of a Compliance Certificate referred to in Section 6.02(a) below, the related consolidating financial statements reflecting the adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries from such consolidated financial statements. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied by furnishing (A) the applicable financial statements or other information required by such paragraphs of the Parent and or (B) the Parent s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC or otherwise made available to the Administrative Agent for delivery to the Lenders, in each case, within the time periods specified in such paragraphs provided , that with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (A) and (B) , (i) to the extent such financial statements relate to Parent, the Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with such financial statements shall either (x) certify that Parent is not engaged in any material business operations and that there are no material differences (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) between the information relating to Parent, on the one hand, and the consolidated information relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand (it being understood and agreed that differences as a result of income taxes, equity transactions and related activity, in each case, shall be deemed not to be material) or (y) be accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the consolidated information relating to Parent, on the one hand, and the consolidated information relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand, which consolidating information shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as having been fairly presented in all material respects and (ii) to the extent such financial statements are in lieu of statements required to be provided under Section 6.01(a) , the Compliance Certificate delivered in connection with such financial statements shall be accompanied by a report of an accounting firm of nationally recognized standing, which report shall satisfy the requirements set forth in Section 6.01(a) as if references in such Section 6.01(a) the Borrower therein were references to the Parent. 
 Section 6.02. Certificates Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for, other than in the case of clause (e) below, further distribution to each Lender 
 (a) no later than five Business Days after the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower 
 (b) promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement sent generally to the stockholders of Parent, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports which Parent files, copies of any report or filing with the SEC under 
 111 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act, or with any Governmental Authority that may be substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange, and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto 
 (c) promptly after the receipt thereof by a Specified Responsible Officer of the Borrower and to the extent permitted by applicable Law, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from any Governmental Authority concerning any material investigation or other material inquiry regarding any material violation of applicable Law by any Restricted Company which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) promptly after any request therefor, such customary additional information regarding the business or financial condition of any Restricted Company that is available to the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request and 
 (e) within 60 days of the relevant change (or such later date to which the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), written notice (i) with respect to Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party that is a Domestic Person, of any change in (A) such Loan Party s legal name, (B) such Loan Party s type of organization, (C) such Loan Party s jurisdiction of organization or (D) such Loan Party s organizational identification number, in each case, to the extent such information is necessary to perfect or maintain the perfection and priority of its security interest in the Collateral of the relevant Loan Party, in each case, together with a certified copy of the applicable Organizational Document reflecting the relevant change, and (ii) with respect to any Loan Party that is a Discretionary Guarantor that is not a Domestic Person, such types of changes affecting the perfection or priority of the Administrative Agent s security interest in the applicable Collateral of such Discretionary Guarantor as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent have agreed in connection with such Loan Party becoming a Discretionary Guarantor. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , 6.01(b) or 6.02(b) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the earliest to occur of the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 11.02 , (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on SyndTrak, IntraLinks or other relevant website, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent are granted access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) or (iii) on which such items have been made available on the SEC website or the website of the relevant analogous governmental or private regulatory authority or securities exchange (including, for the avoidance of doubt, by way of EDGAR ). The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (A) the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the L C Issuers materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on SyndTrak, IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (B) certain of the Lenders may be Public-Side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, their Subsidiaries or their respective securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Borrower hereby agrees that (x) upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, it will clearly identify all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders by clearly and conspicuously marking such Borrower Materials PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (y) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, the L C Issuer and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as containing either publicly available information or not material information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, their Subsidiaries or their respective securities for purposes of United States Federal securities laws (z) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Investor . Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that it shall treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Investor. 
 Section 6.03. Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent after a Specified Responsible Officer obtains knowledge of 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default and 
 112 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(b) any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (x) that such notice is being delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(a) or (b) (as applicable) and (y) setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity to the extent known any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document in respect of which such Default exists. 
 Section 6.04. Maintenance of Ratings . The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain public corporate credit facility ratings for the Initial Term Loans and public corporate family ratings for the Borrower, in each case from each of S&P and Moody s provided , that in no event shall the Borrower be required to maintain any specific rating with any such agency. 
 Section 6.05. Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or Section 7.05 (and, in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary, to the extent the failure to do so, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges (including its good standing), permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6.06. Maintenance of Properties . Except if the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (a) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty and condemnation excepted, and (b) make all necessary renewals, replacements, modifications, improvements, upgrades, extensions and additions to material properties and equipment in accordance with prudent industry practice. 
 Section 6.07. Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance) reasonable and customary for similarly situated Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses as the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons except, to the extent that the failure to maintain such insurance would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each such policy of insurance shall, subject to Section 6.16 , (i) name the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) to the extent available from the relevant insurance carrier, in the case of each casualty insurance policy (excluding any business interruption insurance policy) (A) contain a lender loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties as the lender loss payee thereunder and (B) provide for at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of any modification or cancellation of such policy (or 10 days prior written notice in the case of the failure to pay any premium thereunder) provided , that, unless an Event of Default exists, (A) the Administrative Agent agrees that the Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary shall have the sole right to adjust or settle any claims under such insurance, and (B) all proceeds from a casualty event shall be paid to the Borrower. 
 Section 6.08. Compliance with Laws . Comply with the requirements of all Laws (including, Environmental Laws) and, in each case, all orders, writs, injunctions, and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except if the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or the necessity of compliance therewith is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings. 
 Section 6.09. Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account containing entries of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are full, true and correct in all material respects, in a manner to allow financial statements to be prepared in conformity with GAAP. 
 Section 6.10. Inspection Rights . With respect to any Loan Party, permit representatives or agents of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and 
 113 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants, all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower provided , that the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than once during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default and such inspections shall be conducted at the sole expense of the Administrative Agent without charge to the Borrower provided , further , that when an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent (or any of its representatives or agents) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s accountants. 
 Section 6.11. Use of Proceeds . 
 (a) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Loans (i) on the Closing Date, to effectuate the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs) and (ii) after the Closing Date, to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. 
 (b) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date solely (i) to effectuate the Transactions (including the payment of Transaction Costs) and (ii) to the extent of any remaining proceeds, for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries. 
 (c) Letters of Credit may be issued (i) on the Closing Date in the ordinary course of business and to replace or provide credit support for any letter of credit, bank guarantee and or any surety, customs, performance or similar bond of the Borrower and its subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates and or to replace cash collateral posted by any of the foregoing Persons and (ii) after the Closing Date, for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries and for any other purpose not prohibited by the terms of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 6.12. Payment of Taxes . The Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge all U.S. federal and other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or upon its income or profits, or upon any properties belonging to it, prior to the date on which material penalties attach thereto, and all lawful material claims that, if unpaid, would reasonably be expected to become a Lien upon any of its material properties provided , that neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be required hereunder to pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim (a) that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) with respect to which the failure to pay or discharge would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6.13. Covenant to Guarantee Guaranteed Obligations and Give Security . 
 (a) Upon (i) the formation or acquisition after the Closing Date of any Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) the designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary that was an Excluded Subsidiary ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary, on or before the date on which a Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) , for the Fiscal Quarter in which the relevant formation, acquisition, designation or cessation occurred (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree), the Borrower shall cause such Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) to comply with the requirements set forth in clause (b) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement . 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, elect to cause any Restricted Subsidiary and or Parent Company (any such Person, a Discretionary Guarantor that is not otherwise required to be a Guarantor to provide a Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations by causing such Person to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a guaranty substantially in the form of the Guaranty Supplement, and any such Person shall constitute a Loan Party and a Guarantor for all purposes hereunder it being understood and agreed that such Person shall comply with the requirements set forth in clause (b) of the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement applicable to it provided , that (i) in the case of any Discretionary Guarantor that is a not a Domestic Person, the jurisdiction of such Person shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent on the basis of the enforceability of, and applicable limitations of Law on, the Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations and the 
 114 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

pledge of the Collateral in such jurisdiction and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received at least three Business Days prior to such person becoming a Guarantor, all documentation and other information in respect of such person required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations (including the USA Patriot Act). 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision herein or any other Loan Document 
 (i) the Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time (including after the expiration of any relevant period, which may apply retroactively) for the creation and perfection of security interests in, or obtaining of legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets or the provision of any Guaranty Supplement by any Restricted Subsidiary, and each Lender hereby consents to any such extension of time, 
 (ii) any Lien required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the definition of Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and or any action requested in connection therewith shall be subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents 
 (iii) the Loan Parties shall not be required to grant a security interest in any assets to the extent the grant or perfection of a security interest in such asset would be prohibited by applicable Law after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or any other applicable Law and other than proceeds thereof to the extent that the assignment of the same is effective under the UCC or other applicable Law notwithstanding such consent or restriction 
 (iv) other than with respect to any Discretionary Guarantor that is not a Domestic Person, no action outside of the United States shall be required in order to create or perfect any security interest in any asset located outside of the United States, and no foreign law security or pledge agreements or foreign intellectual property filing, search or schedule shall be required (it being understood and agreed that no Loan Party (including any Discretionary Guarantor) will be required to take any action to perfect a security interest in the Collateral in any jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in which such Loan Party is organized (other than with respect to the required pledge of the Equity Interests of any Discretionary Guarantor that is not organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, the jurisdiction of organization of such Discretionary Guarantor), 
 (v) no Loan Party (other than any Discretionary Guarantor that is not a Domestic Person) shall be required, and the Administrative Agent shall not be authorized, to perfect or take any action with respect to the perfection of security interests in the Collateral by means other than the satisfaction of the Perfection Requirements provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any Loan Party owns the Equity Interests of any Discretionary Guarantor and such Equity Interests constitute Collateral, such Loan Party shall be required to provide a pledge of the Equity Interests of such Discretionary Guarantor governed by the laws of organization of such Discretionary Guarantor to the extent such local law pledge agreement is required to perfect the Lien of the Administrative Agent, 
 (vi) no Loan Party shall be required to seek any landlord lien waiver, estoppel, warehouseman waiver or other collateral access or similar letter or agreement, 
 (vii) perfection by control shall not be required with respect to assets requiring perfection through control agreements or other control arrangements, including deposit accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts (other than control of (A) pledged Equity Interests of that do not constitute Excluded Assets and or (B) any Material Debt Instrument owing from any Person that is not a Loan Party, in each case, to the extent the same otherwise constitute Collateral), and 
 (viii) in no event will (A) the Collateral include any Excluded Asset and or (B) any Excluded Subsidiary be required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor. 
 Section 6.14. Further Assurances . Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent and subject to the limitations in Section 6.13 , (i) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Loan Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (ii) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and 
 115 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 6.15. Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided , that other than in the case of the designation of a joint venture in existence on the Closing Date that thereafter becomes a Subsidiary (an Excluded Unrestricted Subsidiary ), immediately before and after such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the applicable Restricted Companies therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the net book value (or, in the case of any guarantee or similar Investment, the amount) of the Restricted Companies Investments therein. If any Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary on any date after the Closing Date (including by redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary), the Indebtedness of such Person outstanding on such date will be deemed to have been incurred by such Person on such date for purposes of Section 7.03 , but will not be considered the sale or issuance of Equity Interests for purposes of Section 7.05 . 
 Section 6.16. Post-Closing Covenant . Take the actions required by Schedule 6.16 in each case within the time periods specified therein (or, in each case, such longer period to which the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). 
 Section 6.17. Nature of Business . Ensure that any material line business in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries engage is reasonably related, incidental, complementary or ancillary to the businesses in which the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged on the Closing Date or extensions, expansions or developments thereof. 
 Section 6.18. Changes in Fiscal Year . In the event that the Borrower elects to change the end date of its Fiscal Year to a date other than as described in the definition of Fiscal Year , the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing, in which case the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized to, make any adjustment to this Agreement that is necessary to reflect such change in Fiscal Year. 
 Section 6.19. Transactions with Affiliates . Consummate any transaction with any Affiliate of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that involves payment in excess of the greater of 15,000,000 and 12.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, on terms that are at least as favorable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement relating thereto) to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, as those that might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate (or, if in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, there is no comparable transaction on the basis of which to make the comparison described above, such transaction is fair to the Borrower or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view) provided , that the foregoing requirement shall not apply to 
 (a) transactions among the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent permitted or not prohibited by this Agreement 
 (b) the Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the consummation of the Transactions 
 (c) loans and other transactions between or among Holdings, the Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent permitted or not prohibited under Article 7 
 (d) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, joint ventures, purchasers or sellers of goods or services or providers of employees or other labor entered into in the ordinary course of business, which are (i) fair to the Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary in the good faith determination of the Borrower (or its board of directors (or similar governing body) or senior management) or (ii) on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably be obtained from a Person other than an Affiliate 
 (e) (i) any collective bargaining, employment or severance agreement or compensatory (including profit sharing) arrangement (including salary or guaranteed payment and bonuses) entered into by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with their respective current or former officers, directors, 
 116 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or those of any Parent Company, (ii) any subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of Equity Interests pursuant to put call rights or similar rights with current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors and (iii) any transaction pursuant to any employee compensation, benefit plan, stock option plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance plan which covers current or former officers, directors, members of management, managers, employees, consultants or independent contractors or any employment contract or arrangement 
 (f) payments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the tax sharing agreements among any Parent Company, Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to the extent permitted under or not prohibited by Section 7.06(o) 
 (g) the payment of customary fees and indemnities to directors, officers and employees of Holdings (to the extent attributable to the operations of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (h) transactions in existence on the Closing Date and any amendment, modification or extension thereof to the extent such amendment, modification or extension, taken as a whole, is not (i) materially adverse to the Lenders or (ii) more disadvantageous in any material respect to the Lenders than the relevant transaction in existence on the Closing Date 
 (i) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d) 
 (j) transactions engaged in by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with Unrestricted Subsidiaries in good faith to effect (i) the operations, governance, administration and corporate overhead of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (ii) the tax management of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
 (k) any transaction (or series of related transactions) in respect of which the Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent entity of the Borrower) from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of nationally recognized standing stating that such transaction or transactions, as applicable, is or are on terms that either (i) are no less favorable to the Borrower or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary than might be obtained at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction from a Person who is not an Affiliate or (ii) fair to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view 
 (l) any transaction (or series of related transactions) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors (or members of any similar governing body) of the Borrower or any Parent Company 
 (m) any transaction in connection with any Receivables Facility 
 (n) any payment to or from, and or any transaction with, any joint venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice, industry practice or industry norms (including, any cash management activity related thereto) 
 (o) (i) the existence and performance of any agreement and or transaction with any Unrestricted Subsidiary that was entered into or consummated prior to the designation of such subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent that such agreement or transaction was permitted at the time that it was entered into with such Restricted Subsidiary and or (ii) any transaction entered into by any Unrestricted Subsidiary with any Affiliate prior to the re-designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided , that such transaction was not entered into in contemplation of such designation or re-designation, as applicable 
 (p) any capital contribution (whether or not in exchange for the issuance of additional Equity Interests) or loan to any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement and 
 (q) (i) any investment by any Affiliate in the Loans, securities or other Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary (and payment of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Affiliates in connection therewith) so long as the investment is being offered by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms and (ii) payments and 
 117 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

or distributions to Affiliates in respect of the Loans, securities or Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the securities and other Indebtedness contemplated in the foregoing clause (i) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of Loans, such securities or other Indebtedness. 
 Section 6.20. Lender Calls . Following delivery (or, if later, required delivery) of the financial statements pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and or (b) , upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will promptly host a conference call, at a time selected by the Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, with the Lenders to review the financial information provided therein provided that the requirements of this Section 6.20 with respect to any Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable, shall be satisfied to the extent the Parent holds an earnings call with respect to such Fiscal Quarter or Fiscal Year, as applicable. 
 Article 7 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 From the Closing Date until the Termination Date, Holdings (with respect to Section 7.10 only) shall not, and the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to 
 Section 7.01. Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, other than the following 
 (a) Liens securing the Secured Obligations 
 (b) Liens existing on the Closing Date and any modifications, replacements, refinancings, renewals or extensions thereof provided , that any such Lien securing any individual obligation having an aggregate principal amount outstanding on the Closing Date in excess of 10,000,000 shall be listed on Schedule 7.01 provided , further that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 , and (B) proceeds and products thereof and (ii) the modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens (if such obligations constitute Indebtedness) is permitted by Section 7.03 
 (c) Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days, or, if more than 60 days overdue, (i) that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or (ii) with respect to which the failure to make payment would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (d) statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or, if more than 60 days overdue, (i) no action has been taken to enforce such Lien, (ii) such Lien is being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP or (iii) with respect to which the failure to make payment as to all such amounts, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
 (e) (i) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and (ii) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business securing insurance premiums or reimbursement obligations under insurance policies 
 (f) Liens granted or arising (i) to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds, performance and completion 
 118 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

guarantees and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business, (ii) pursuant to pledges and deposits of cash or Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of business securing (A) any liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of insurance carriers providing property, casualty, liability or other insurance to the Borrower and its subsidiaries or (B) leases or licenses of property otherwise permitted by this Agreement and (iii) to secure obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments posted with respect to the items described in clauses (i) and (ii) above 
 (g) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting real property which, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially and adversely interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person 
 (h) (i) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) and (ii) any pledge and or deposit securing any settlement of litigation 
 (i) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(y) 
 (j) (i) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to other Persons in the ordinary course of business which do not (A) interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any of its material Restricted Subsidiaries or (B) secure any Indebtedness (other than any obligation that is Indebtedness solely as a result of the operation of clause (f) of the definition thereof), (ii) the rights reserved or vested in any Person by the terms of any lease, license, franchise, grant or permit held by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or by a statutory provision to terminate any such lease, license, franchise, grant or permit or to require periodic payments as a condition to the continuance thereof and (iii) any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, or licensor under any lease or lease agreement to which the Borrower or any of its material Restricted Subsidiaries is a party, and interests of any other party granted by such licensor or lessor in such licensor s or lessor s fee or other interest 
 (k) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the UCC on items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and (iii) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry 
 (m) Liens (i) (A) on advances of cash or Cash Equivalents in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(h) and or (l) to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment, and (B) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 7.05 and (ii) on cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder 
 (n) Liens on property of any Foreign Subsidiary (including Equity Interests held by such Foreign Subsidiary) securing Indebtedness of such Foreign Subsidiary to the extent permitted under Section 7.03(g) 
 (o) Liens in favor of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 or other obligations other than Indebtedness owed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (p) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(w)(i) provided , any such Lien shall not encumber any other property of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries other than the asset acquired with the proceeds of such Indebtedness and proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon (it being understood that individual financings of the 
 119 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

type permitted under Section 7.03(w)(i) provided by any lender may be cross-collateralized to other financings of such type provided by such lender or its affiliates) 
 (q) (i) Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statement filings (or similar filings under applicable Law), (ii) any Lien relating to the sale of accounts receivable for which a UCC financing statement or similar financing statement is required and (iii) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of UCC financing statements or similar financing statements under applicable requirements of Law relating solely to operating leases or consignment or bailee arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (r) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business not prohibited by this Agreement 
 (s) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clause (f) of the definition thereof), (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of such Restricted Company and (iii) relating to purchase orders and other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (t) Liens on Receivables Facility Assets or the equity interest of any Receivables Subsidiary that are granted or arise (or deemed to have been granted or arise) in connection with any Receivables Facility 
 (u) Liens on assets owned by, and or Equity Interests of, Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties securing Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties permitted pursuant to Section 7.03 
 (v) Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements constituting Investments permitted under Section 7.02 arising out of such repurchase transaction 
 (w) any pledge of the Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary (other than any Foreign Subsidiary whose Equity Interests constitute Collateral) to secure Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary, as applicable, to the extent such pledge constitutes an Investment permitted under this Agreement 
 (x) other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations outstanding in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 97,500,000 and (y) 75.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, in each case, subject, in the case of any Lien on the Collateral, at the request of the relevant lender, to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement 
 (y) Liens securing (i) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(z) and or (aa) provided , that (A) any Lien that is granted by a Loan Party shall only encumber the Collateral and (B) any Lien that is granted on the Collateral in reliance on this clause (y)(i) shall be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement unless, the holders of such Indebtedness and the Administrative Agent have not requested or required an intercreditor arrangement and (ii) Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(h) provided , that in the case of this clause (ii) , such Lien was not incurred in contemplation of the applicable acquisition 
 (z) Liens on the Collateral securing any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness 
 (aa) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (ab) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents deposited with the applicable representative of the holder of the applicable Indebtedness pending application of such cash or Cash Equivalents to the defeasance, discharge or redemption of such Indebtedness 
 120 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ac) (i) Liens on Equity Interests of (A) joint ventures securing capital contributions to, or obligations of, such Persons and or (B) Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (ii) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements and agreements with respect to non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 
 (ad) Liens on cash or Cash Equivalents arising in connection with the defeasance, discharge or redemption of Indebtedness and 
 (ae) Liens that do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money and are customary in the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.01 , if the proceeds of any Indebtedness the Liens securing which are required or permitted to be subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement are funded into Escrow, at the election of the Borrower, either (x) the relevant Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement shall not be required to be entered into or become effective until the release and or termination of the relevant Escrow arrangement, so long as, prior to such release and or termination, the relevant Indebtedness is secured only by a Lien on such proceeds so funded into Escrow or (y) the property subject to the applicable Escrow arrangement is not required to be subject to the relevant Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Section 7.02. Investments . Make or hold any Investments, except 
 (a) Investments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in assets that were Cash Equivalents when such Investment was made, and the holding of cash at any time by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (b) loans or advances to directors, officers, members of management, employees and consultants of a Restricted Company to finance such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Parent Company (i) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed either the greater of (x) 2,500,000 and (y) 2.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, at any time outstanding and or (ii) so long as the proceeds of such loan or advance are substantially contemporaneously contributed (or deemed to have been contributed) to the Borrower for the purchase of such Equity Interests 
 (c) (i) Investments among the Borrower and or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries provided that (A) the aggregate outstanding amount of Investments made by any Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in reliance on this Section 7.02(c)(i) outside of the ordinary course of business shall not exceed the greater of 97,500,000 and 75.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, (B) it is understood and agreed for the avoidance of doubt that any Investment made in connection with cash management and the funding of working capital shall constitute an ordinary course Investment and (C) Investments in any Restricted Subsidiary in the form of an intercompany loan that constitutes Collateral shall not reduce availability under clause (A) of this proviso and (ii) Investments made by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in any Restricted Subsidiary in the form of any contribution or Disposition of the Equity Interests of any Person that is not a Loan Party 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and other credits to suppliers in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) Investments consisting of, or resulting from, Liens, Indebtedness, fundamental changes, Dispositions and Restricted Payments permitted under Sections 7.01 , 7.03 , 7.04 , 7.05 and 7.06 , respectively 
 (f) (i) Investments (A) existing on the Closing Date or (B) contemplated on the Closing Date provided , that, to the extent the contractually committed or contemplated amount on the Closing Date of any individual such Investment described in this clause (B) exceeds 10,000,000, such Investment is set forth on Schedule 7.02 and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of the Investments described in clause (i) provided , that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except by the terms of such Investment or as otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 
 121 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(g) promissory notes and other noncash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 7.05 
 (h) (i) Permitted Acquisitions and (ii) any Investment by any Loan Party in any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in an amount required to permit such non-Loan Party to directly, or indirectly through one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries, consummate a Permitted Acquisition, which amount is actually applied by such non-Loan Party, directly, or indirectly through one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries, to consummate such Permitted Acquisition 
 (i) Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Person and in settlement of obligations of, or other disputes with, any Person arising in the ordinary course of business and upon foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment 
 (j) Investments in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) advances of payroll payments or other compensation (including deferred compensation) to present or former employees, directors, members of management, officers, managers or consultants of any Parent Company (to the extent such payments or other compensation relate to services provided to such Parent Company (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the portion of any such amount, if any, attributable to the ownership or operations of any subsidiary of any Parent Company other than the Borrower and or its subsidiaries)), the Borrower and or any subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (l) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of leases (other than Capitalized Leases) entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (m) Investments in the ordinary course consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit 
 (n) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 40,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 (o) Investments consisting of Swap Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (p) Investments made in connection with the Transactions 
 (q) Investments in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed (i) the greater of (x) 65,000,000 or (y) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period plus (ii) at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Restricted Payments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 7.06(j) (it being understood that any amount utilized under this clause (ii) to make an Investment shall result in a reduction in the amount available under Section 7.06(j) , plus (iii) at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Restricted Debt Payments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on Section 7.09(d) (it being understood that any amount utilized under this clause (iii) to make an Investment shall result in a reduction in the amount available under Section 7.09(d) 
 (r) Investments in reliance on (i) the Available Amount and (ii) the Available Excluded Contribution Amount 
 (s) Investments to the extent that payment therefor is made with Equity Interests of any Parent Company or Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, to the extent not resulting in a Change of Control provided , that in connection with any such Investment, any payment (or portion thereof) not made with Equity Interests of any Parent Company or Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary must otherwise be permitted under this Section 7.02 
 122 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(t) any Investment so long as after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period does not exceed the greater of 2.70 1.00 
 (u) Investments consisting of the licensing, sublicensing or contribution of IP Rights, including pursuant to joint marketing, collaboration or joint development arrangements with other Persons in the ordinary course of business 
 (v) (i) Investments of any Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date (other than as a result of a redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary), or of any Person (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary) acquired by, or merged into or consolidated or amalgamated with, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case pursuant to an Investment otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 to the extent that such Investments of such Person were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and (ii) any modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Investment permitted under clause (i) of this Section 7.02(v) so long as any such modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof does not increase the amount of such Investment 
 (w) Investments in any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with reorganizations and activities related to tax planning provided , that after giving effect to any such reorganization and related activities, neither the Guaranty, taken as a whole, nor the security interest of the Administrative Agent in the Collateral, taken as a whole, is materially impaired (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) 
 (x) any Investment made by any Unrestricted Subsidiary prior to the date on which such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as the relevant Investment was not made in contemplation of the designation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (y) Investments made in joint ventures as required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture agreements and similar binding arrangements in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (z) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction 
 (aa) Investments consisting of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and other similar deposits 
 (ab) Investments in receivables owing to the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business on customary trade terms, including such concessionary trade terms as the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary may deem reasonable under the applicable circumstances and 
 (ac) Investments (i) of Receivables Facility Assets in connection with any Receivables Facility and or (ii) necessary to permit the payment of fees, expenses and or indemnification obligations and or the satisfaction of any repurchase obligation in connection with any Receivables Facility 
 (ad) Investments in Similar Businesses in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 47,500,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and 
 (ae) Investments in joint ventures in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the greater of 47,500,000 and 35.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that this Section 7.02 shall not permit an IP Separation and Relicense Transaction. 
 123 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 7.03. Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (a) reserved 
 (b) the Secured Obligations 
 (c) Indebtedness (i) outstanding on the Closing Date provided , that any such Indebtedness having an individual outstanding principal amount in excess of 10,000,000 shall be listed on Schedule 7.03 and (ii) any Specified Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (d) Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted hereunder provided , that if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness 
 (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that constitutes an Investment permitted by Section 7.02 provided , that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party must be expressly subordinated to the Obligations of such Loan Party, it being understood that such Loan Party may make payments thereon unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (f) reserved 
 (g) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (h) Indebtedness of Persons that are acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or merged into the Borrower or a Subsidiary in a Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or that is assumed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment so long as the Borrower is in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis, with Section 7.08(a) (assuming such Indebtedness is First Lien Debt) provided , that such Indebtedness is not incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other permitted Investment 
 (i) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary representing deferred compensation to employees of a Restricted Company incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) Indebtedness consisting of promissory notes issued by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to future, present or former directors, officers, members of management, employees or consultants of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective estates, heirs, family members, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Borrower permitted by Section 7.06 
 (k) (i) Indebtedness arising from any agreement providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations (including contingent earn-out obligations) incurred in connection with the Transactions, any Disposition permitted hereunder, any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder or consummated prior to the Closing Date or any other purchase of assets or Equity Interests or any other Investment, and (ii) Indebtedness arising from guaranties, letters of credit, bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds or similar instruments securing the performance of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any such agreement 
 (l) Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements (including seller notes) incurred by such Person in connection with any permitted Investment (including the Transactions) 
 124 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(m) Indebtedness in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements and related activities in the ordinary course of business 
 (n) Indebtedness in connection with Cash Management Services 
 (o) Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary contained in supply arrangements, in each case, in the ordinary course of business 
 (p) reserved 
 (q) obligations in respect of bid, performance, stay, customs, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees provided by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice 
 (r) Guarantees by the Loan Parties of Indebtedness otherwise permitted under this Section 7.03 
 (s) Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (t) Indebtedness consisting of obligations owing under any customer or supplier incentive, supply, license or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (u) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business 
 (v) Indebtedness in respect of Receivables Facility and any Specified Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (w) (i) Attributable Indebtedness and purchase money obligations, in each case of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to finance the purchase, repair or improvement of fixed or capital assets within the limitations set forth in Section 7.01(p) provided , that the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness under this clause (w) shall not exceed the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, and any Specified Permitted Refinancing of the Indebtedness referred to in this clause (i) and (ii) Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.01(e) , 7.01(f) , or 7.01(r) 
 (x) (i) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 97,500,000 and (y) 75.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and (ii) any Specified Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (y) Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in connection with any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 
 (z) other Indebtedness Ratio Debt 
 (i) so long as on a Pro Forma Basis as of the most recently ended Test Period 
 (A) in the case any First Lien Debt, the First Lien Leverage Ratio does not exceed 2.95 1.00, 
 (B) in the case of Junior Lien Debt, the Secured Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.70 1.00 or 
 (C) in the case of Indebtedness that is not secured by the Collateral, the Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.95 1.00 
 125 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

provided that (I) if such Ratio Debt is issued or incurred by any Loan Party and consists of third party Indebtedness for borrowed money, other than with respect to (x) Customary Bridge Loans, (y) Customary Term A Loans, and or (z) revolving loans and or commitments, (X) the final maturity date of such Indebtedness is no earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date on the date of the issuance or incurrence thereof and (Y) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity applicable to such Indebtedness is no shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans, (II) notwithstanding the foregoing clause (I) , the Loan Parties may incur Ratio Debt that is otherwise subject to clause (I) above and has (x) a final maturity date that is earlier than the Latest Term Loan Maturity Date and or (y) a Weighted Average Life to Maturity that is shorter than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the then-existing Term Loans in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed the Inside Maturity Amount, (III) with respect to any Ratio Debt that constitutes MFN Indebtedness, the Initial Term Loans shall benefit from the MFN Provision and (IV) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Ratio Debt incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties in reliance on this Section 7.03(z) shall not, at any time, exceed an amount equal to the greater of 65,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period and 
 (ii) any Specified Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (aa) Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Specified Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (ab) all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (aa) above and 
 (ac) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness 
 (ad) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary supported by any Letter of Credit or any other letter of credit, bank guarantee or similar instrument permitted by this Section 7.03 
 (ae) unfunded pension fund and other employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities incurred by the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business to the extent that the unfunded amounts would not otherwise cause, at the time of such incurrence, an Event of Default under Section 8.01(i) 
 (af) customer deposits and advance payments received in the ordinary course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the ordinary course of business and 
 (ag) without duplication of any other Indebtedness, all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest and payment in kind interest), accretion or amortization of original issue discount, fees, expenses and charges with respect to Indebtedness of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary hereunder. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the Protected Entities may not incur third party Indebtedness for borrowed money in reliance on Sections 7.03(g) , (x) and or (z) in an aggregate outstanding principal amount in excess of the greater of 65,000,000 and 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period. 
 Section 7.04. Fundamental Changes . Merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, liquidate or dissolve, except, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the following 
 (a) (i) any Person may merge into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the surviving entity or (ii) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ), (w) the Successor Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent all information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to satisfy any applicable know your customer requirements, (x) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or 
 126 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

existing under the law of any state of the United States or the District of Columbia, (y) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume the Obligations of the Borrower in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (z) except as the Administrative Agent may otherwise agree, each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have executed and delivered a customary reaffirmation agreement with respect to its obligations under the Loan Documents it being understood and agreed that if the foregoing conditions under clauses (w) through (z) are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, 
 (b) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge into any Person in order to consummate an Investment or asset Disposition permitted by Section 7.02 or Section 7.05 , respectively provided , that when a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party is merging into a Person that is not a Loan Party, either (i) such Loan Party will be the continuing or surviving Person, (ii) such other Person will become a Loan Party and will deliver all information as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to satisfy any applicable know your customer requirements or (iii) if such other Person will not become a Loan Party, the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 7.02 
 (c) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge into the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided , that when any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party is merging with any other Restricted Subsidiary, either (i) a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (ii) the relevant transaction shall be treated as an Investment and shall comply with Section 7.02 
 (d) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve (other than in connection with a merger or a consolidation which shall be governed by the other clauses of this Section 7.04 if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower 
 (e) any merger or consolidation the purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Restricted Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction and 
 (f) any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution in connection with the consummation of the Transactions. 
 Section 7.05. Dispositions . Make any Disposition of any of its property (other than any Disposition of property having a fair market value not in excess of the greater of (x) 15,000,000 and (y) 12.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in a single transaction or series of related transactions), except 
 (a) Dispositions of obsolete, used, surplus or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (d) Dispositions of property by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary provided , that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party, either (i) the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party, (ii) the Disposition is permitted by clause (s) below or (iii) to the extent such Disposition constitutes an Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such Disposition is permitted by Section 7.02 
 (e) to the extent constituting a Disposition, any transaction permitted by Sections 7.02 , 7.04 and or 7.06 and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 
 (f) Dispositions by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of property pursuant to Sale and Lease-Back Transactions provided , that the fair market value of all property so Disposed of shall not exceed the greater of (x) 65,000,000 and (y) 50.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period from and after the Closing Date 
 127 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(g) Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (h) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof 
 (i) Dispositions and or terminations of leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under any open source license) of property in the ordinary course of business and which, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (j) Dispositions of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Casualty Event 
 (k) Dispositions in the ordinary course of business consisting of the abandonment, cancellation or lapse of IP Rights, or any issuance or registration, or application for issuance or registration, of any IP Right, which, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, are not material to the conduct of the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, taken as a whole, or are no longer economical to maintain 
 (l) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to buy sell arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in, joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements 
 (m) Dispositions of property to an Unrestricted Subsidiary provided , that to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be an Investment permitted by Section 7.02 . 
 (n) Dispositions of real property and related assets in the ordinary course of business in connection with relocation activities for directors, officers, members of management, employees or consultants of the Restricted Companies 
 (o) Dispositions of property in the ordinary course of business as part of a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code 
 (p) terminations of Swap Contracts 
 (q) Dispositions of the Equity Interests and Indebtedness of Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 (r) Dispositions of any Receivables Facility Asset (and or any participation therein) in connection with any Receivables Facility 
 (s) Dispositions of property for fair market value provided , that 
 (i) at the time of such Disposition, no Event of Default shall exist under Section 8.01(a) or (f) 
 (ii) with respect to any such Disposition for a purchase price in excess of the greater of (x) 25,000,000 and (y) 17.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall receive not less than 75 of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents and 
 (iii) for purposes of the 75 cash consideration requirement described immediately above 
 (A) the amount of any Indebtedness or other liabilities (other than Indebtedness or other liabilities that are subordinated to the Obligations or that are owed to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on such Person s most recent balance sheet or statement of financial position (or in the notes thereto)) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets (or that are otherwise terminated or cancelled in connection with the transaction with such transferee) and for which 
 128 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

the Borrower and or its applicable Restricted Subsidiary have been validly released by all relevant creditors in writing, 
 (B) the amount of any trade-in value applied to the purchase price of any replacement assets acquired in connection with such Disposition, 
 (C) any security received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that will be converted by such Person into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition), and 
 (D) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (s) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of (x) 35,000,000 and (y) 26.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period 
 in each case, shall be deemed to be cash 
 (t) Dispositions involving assets having a fair market value of not more than the greater of 27,500,000 and 20.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in any Fiscal Year, which, if not used in such Fiscal Year, shall be carried forward to the next Fiscal Year 
 (u) reserved 
 (v) Dispositions made to comply with any order of any Governmental Authority or any applicable requirement of Law (including as a condition to, or in connection with, the consummation of the Transactions) 
 (w) any Disposition the purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize (i) any Restricted Subsidiary in another jurisdiction in the U.S. and or (ii) any Foreign Subsidiary in the U.S. or any other jurisdiction 
 (x) Dispositions of non-core (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) assets acquired in connection with any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder and sales of real property acquired in any acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder provided , that no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists on the date on which the definitive agreement governing the relevant Disposition is executed 
 (y) the settlement or early termination of any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and or any related Permitted Warrant Transaction 
 (z) Dispositions of any asset acquired with the proceeds of an Available Excluded Contribution Amount and 
 (aa) any Disposition in connection with the consummation of the Transactions. 
 It is understood and agreed that (a) to the extent that any Collateral is Disposed of as permitted by this Section 7.05 , such Collateral shall be Disposed of free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, which Liens shall be automatically released upon the consummation of such Disposition, and the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to take, and shall take, subject to the requirements of Section 7.12(c) of the Security Agreement, any action reasonably requested by the Borrower in order to effect the foregoing provided , that in the case of a Disposition made to any Loan Party, the relevant transferred assets shall become part of the Collateral of the transferee Loan Party (except to the extent such assets constitute Excluded Assets), (b) any determination of the fair market value of any asset other than cash for purposes of this Section 7.05 shall be made by the Borrower in good faith at the time of the execution of the definitive agreement governing such Disposition and (c) this Section 7.05 shall not permit an IP Separation and Relicense Transaction. 
 129 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 7.06. Restricted Payments . Declare or make any Restricted Payment, except 
 (a) each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments with respect to any class of its Equity Interests provided , that in the case of any Restricted Payment made by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such Restricted Payment relative to the percentage of such class of Equity Interests in such Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary owned by the Borrower and or its other Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (b) the Borrower may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Borrower 
 (c) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make additional Restricted Payments so long as (1) no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists and (2) immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Total Leverage Ratio calculated on a Pro Forma Basis is less than or equal to 2.20 1.00 
 (d) to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may enter into transactions expressly permitted by Section 6.19 (other than Section 6.19(i) ), Section 7.04 or Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e) 
 (e) repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants 
 (f) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments, the proceeds of which are applied to effect the consummation of the Transactions 
 (g) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the Available Amount and (ii) the Available Excluded Contribution Amount 
 (h) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may repurchase (or make a Restricted Payment to permit any Parent Company to repurchase) its or the Borrower s (or such Parent Company s) common stock from current and former directors, officers, members of management, employees and consultants in an aggregate purchase amount of up to the greater of (x) 30,000,000 and (y) 22.5 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period in any calendar year (with the unused amount in any Fiscal Year under this clause (h) permitted to increase the amount permitted under this clause (h) to succeeding Fiscal Years) 
 (i) any Restricted Payment in connection with (or to allow the Parent to make any payment in connection with) (A) any Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction and or (B) the settlement of any Permitted Warrant Transaction by (1) delivery of shares of the Parent s common equity upon settlement thereof or (2) by (x) set-off against the related Permitted Bond Hedge Transaction or (y) payment of an early termination amount in common equity upon any early termination thereof, in each case, shall be permitted 
 (j) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (x) 40,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period provided , that no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists 
 (k) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company 
 (i) to pay its operating costs and expenses in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead, franchise and similar costs and expenses (including administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties), including any indemnification claims made by directors or officers of such parent, in each case attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and fees and expenses of debt equity or equity offerings (whether or not successful) 
 130 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(ii) to pay (A) its franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain its corporate existence and (B) Public Company Costs and or 
 (iii) which shall be used to pay customary salary, bonus, severance and other benefits payable to officers and employees of any Parent Company, including the Parent 
 (l) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments in cash to Holdings the proceeds of which shall be used to make (or to enable any Parent Company to make) cash payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Equity Interests of Parent (or any Parent Company), Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (m) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to Holdings (or any Parent Company) to finance any Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.02 as if such Investment were made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided , that (i) such Restricted Payments shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (ii) Holdings (or such Parent Company) shall, promptly following the closing thereof, cause (A) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed as equity to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation (to the extent permitted hereunder) of the Person formed or acquired into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in order to consummate such Investment 
 (n) reserved 
 (o) (i) for any taxable period (or portion thereof) for which the Borrower is disregarded as separate from Holdings for U.S. federal income tax purposes and Holdings is treated as a partnership, or disregarded as separate from a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings, and Holdings may make Restricted Payments to its direct or indirect owners (including Parent), in an amount not to exceed the Tax Distribution Amount 
 (i) for any taxable period (or portion thereof) for which the Borrower is a member, or disregarded as separate from a member, of a consolidated, combined or similar income tax group of which a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower (including Parent) is the common parent, or the Borrower s income is otherwise required to be reported on the tax return of such direct or indirect parent, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments through its direct and indirect owners (including Holdings) in an amount not to exceed the portion of any U.S. federal, state or local taxes of such group (or such direct or indirect parent) for such taxable period (or portion thereof) that are attributable to the taxable income of the Borrower and its subsidiaries provided , that (A) distributions pursuant to this clause (ii) shall not exceed the tax liability that the Borrower and its subsidiaries would have incurred if such entities were a stand-alone taxpayer or a stand-alone tax group and (B) distributions under this clause (ii) in respect of any taxes attributable to the income of any Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower may be made only to the extent that (x) such Unrestricted Subsidiaries have made cash payments for such purpose to the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries or (y) the Borrower will be deemed to have made an Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an amount equal to the taxes attributable to the income of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries and 
 (p) the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to any Parent Company to pay (i) interests and or fees on Indebtedness issued or incurred thereby in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any Fiscal Year the greater of (x) 10,000,000 and (y) 10.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period (with the unused amount in any Fiscal Year under this clause (p) permitted to increase the amount permitted under this clause (p) to succeeding Fiscal Years). 
 Section 7.07. Burdensome Agreements . Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that limits the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to make Restricted Payments to any Loan Party or any Loan Party to create, incur, 
 131 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

assume or suffer to exist Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent on any Collateral, except that the foregoing shall not apply to Contractual Obligations which 
 (a) exist on the Closing Date 
 (b) are binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into solely in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary 
 (c) arise in connection with any Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 
 (d) are customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such joint venture entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) are Contractual Obligations in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 
 (f) are customary restrictions in leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions may relate to the assets subject thereto, 
 (g) are customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest 
 (h) are customary provisions restricting assignment or transfer of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (i) are on cash, other deposits or net worth or similar restrictions imposed by Persons under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business 
 (j) are contained in any employment, compensation or separation agreement or arrangement entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (k) arise in any Swap Contract and or any agreement relating to any Cash Management Services or obligations of the type referred to in Section 7.02(j) 
 (l) are set forth in any agreement relating to any Lien permitted under this Agreement that limit the right of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to Dispose of or encumber the assets subject thereto 
 (m) are customary subordination and or subrogation provisions set forth in guaranty or similar documentation (not relating to Indebtedness for borrowed money) that is entered into in the ordinary course of business and 
 (n) are imposed by any amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing of any contract, instrument or obligation referred to in clauses (a) through (m) above provided , that no such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, more restrictive with respect to such restrictions, taken as a whole, than those in existence prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing. 
 Section 7.08. Financial Covenant . 
 (a) First Lien Leverage Ratio . On the last day of any Test Period on which the Revolving Facility Test Condition is then satisfied, commencing with the last day of the first full Fiscal Quarter ending after the Closing Date (and on such date, only to the extent the Revolving Facility Test Condition is then satisfied), the Borrower shall not permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio to be greater than 5.40 1.00. 
 132 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement (including Article 8 ), upon any failure by the Borrower to comply with Section 7.08(a) above for the Test Period ending on the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, the Borrower shall have the right (the Cure Right at any time during such Fiscal Quarter or thereafter until the date that is 15 Business Days after the date on which the Compliance Certificate for such Fiscal Quarter are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) (the Cure Deadline ), and thereupon the Borrower s compliance with Section 7.08(a) shall be recalculated giving effect to a pro forma increase in the amount of Consolidated EBITDA (any such equity contribution so included in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA, a Specified Equity Contribution ). If, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculation (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account any immediate repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith other than any portion of such Specified Equity Contribution that is actually applied to prepay or repay any debt (including by way of buyback or repurchase)), the requirements of Section 7.08(a) would be satisfied, then the requirements of Section 7.08(a) shall be deemed to have been satisfied as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Quarter (and Test Period) with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary 
 (i) in each four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period there shall be at least two Fiscal Quarters in which the Cure Right is not exercised it being understood that, subject to clause (ii) , the Cure Right may be exercised in consecutive Fiscal Quarters, 
 (ii) during the term of this Agreement, the Cure Right shall not be exercised more than five times, 
 (iii) the Specified Equity Contribution shall be no greater than the amount required for the purpose of complying with Section 7.08(a) , 
 (iv) there shall be no pro forma or other reduction of the amount of Consolidated Total Debt by the amount of any Specified Equity Contribution for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.08(a) for the Fiscal Quarter in respect of which the Cure Right was exercised (other than with respect to any future period to the extent of any portion of such Specified Equity Contribution that is actually applied to prepay Indebtedness that constitutes Consolidated Total Debt (including by way of buyback or repurchase)), 
 (v) any pro forma adjustment to Consolidated EBITDA resulting from any Specified Equity Contribution will be counted as Consolidated EBITDA solely for purposes of determining compliance with Section 7.08(a), and 
 (vi) no Revolving Credit Lender or L C Issuer shall be required to make any Revolving Credit Loan or issue any Letter of Credit from and after the date on which a Compliance Certificate demonstrating a failure to comply with Section 7.08(a) for the Test Period ending on the last day of any Fiscal Quarter is (or would be required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) until the earlier of (a) the Borrower s confirmation that a Specified Equity Contribution will not be made and (b) the occurrence of the Cure Deadline. 
 Section 7.09. Prepayments, Etc. of Indebtedness . Voluntarily prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof (it being understood that payments of regularly scheduled interest shall be permitted) the principal amount of any Junior Indebtedness (collectively, Restricted Debt Payments ), except 
 (a) the refinancing thereof with the net cash proceeds of any issuance of Qualified Equity Interests, or other Junior Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 
 (b) the conversion of any Junior Indebtedness to Qualified Equity Interests 
 (c) Restricted Debt Payments in reliance on (i) the Available Amount and (ii) the Available Excluded Contribution Amount 
 (d) the Borrower may make additional Restricted Debt Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed (i) the greater of (x) 40,000,000 and (y) 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA as of the last day of the most recently ended Test Period plus (ii) at the election of the Borrower, the amount of Restricted Payments then permitted to be made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on 
 133 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 7.06(j) (it being understood that any amount utilized under this clause (ii) to make a Restricted Debt Payment shall result in a reduction in the amount available under Section 7.06(j) provided , that no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) of (f) exists 
 (e) additional Restricted Debt Payments so long as (x) no Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists and (y) immediately after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.45 1.00 
 (f) reserved 
 (g) Restricted Debt Payments as part of an applicable high yield discount obligation catch-up payments and 
 (h) Restricted Debt Payments with respect to intercompany Indebtedness between the Borrower and its Subsidiaries permitted under Section 7.03 , subject to the subordination provisions applicable thereto. 
 Section 7.10. Permitted Activities of Holdings . Holdings shall not 
 (a) create or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it other than (i) the Liens created under the Collateral Documents to which it is a party, (ii) any other Lien created in connection with the Transactions, (iii) Liens on the Collateral that are secured on a pari passu or junior basis with the Secured Obligations, so long as such Liens secure Guarantees of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower and or any Restricted Subsidiary that are otherwise permitted hereunder and the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantees is of the type permitted to be secured on the same basis pursuant to Section 7.01 and (iv) Liens of the type permitted under Section 7.01 (other than in respect of Indebtedness for borrowed money) or 
 (b) consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, or convey, sell or otherwise Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, any Person, or dissolve or cancel its existence provided , that (i) Holdings may consolidate or amalgamate with, or merge with or into, any other Person (other than the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries) so long as (A) Holdings is the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, amalgamation or merger is not Holdings (any such successor Person or acquiror referred to in clause (ii) below, Successor Holdings ), (1) Successor Holdings shall be an entity organized or existing under the law of the US, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and (2) Successor Holdings shall expressly assume all Obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) Holdings may otherwise convey, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person (other than the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries), including in connection with a dissolution or cancellation of its existence, so long as (1) no Change of Control results therefrom, (2) Successor Holdings shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the US, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and (3) Successor Holdings expressly assumes all of the Obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto and or thereto in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent provided , further , that (x) if the conditions set forth in the preceding provisos are satisfied, Successor Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement and (2) it is understood and agreed that Holdings may convert into another form of entity organized or existing under the law of the US, any state thereof or the District of Columbia so long as such conversion does not adversely affect the value of its Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations or the Collateral. 
 Article 8 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 Section 8.01. Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default 
 (a) Non-Payment . Any Restricted Company fails to pay (i) when due, any amount of principal of any Loan, (ii) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount required to be prepaid and or 
 134 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

cash collateralized pursuant to Section 2.06(b)(vii) or (iii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other Loan Document or 
 (b) Specific Covenants . Any Restricted Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.03(a) provided that any Event of Default arising from a failure to perform or comply with Section 6.03(a) shall automatically be deemed to have been cured (and no longer continuing) immediately upon the earlier to occur of (x) the delivery of notice of the relevant Default or Event of Default and (y) the cessation of the existence of the underlying Default or Event of Default), in either case unless a Specified Responsible Officer of the Borrower had knowledge of the underlying Default or Event of Default) or 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower) or Article 7 provided , that 
 (i) notwithstanding this clause (b) , a breach or default by any Loan Party under Section 7.08(a) will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loan unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Credit Loans, terminated the Revolving Credit Commitments and demanded repayment of, or otherwise accelerated, the Indebtedness or other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and have not rescinded such demand or acceleration (the Financial Covenant Standstill 
 (ii) any breach of Section 7.08(a) is subject to cure as provided in Section 7.08(b) and 
 (iii) no Default or Event of Default may arise under Section 7.08(a) until the 15th Business Day after the date on which the Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered for the relevant Fiscal Quarter under Section 6.02(a) (unless the Cure Right has previously been exercised in excess of the aggregate cap on Cure Rights contemplated by Section 7.08(b) over the life of this Agreement and or the Cure Right has previously been exercised twice in the applicable four consecutive Fiscal Quarter period), and then only to the extent the Specified Equity Contribution has not been received on or prior to such date or 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Restricted Company fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower or 
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Restricted Company herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be incorrect or misleading in any material and adverse respect when made or deemed made it being understood and agreed that if the relevant representation and warranty (other than any Specified Representation made on and as of the Closing Date) is capable of being cured (including by the delivery of a restated certification or calculation or restated financial statements), no Default or Event of Default may arise under this Section 8.01(d) with respect to such representation and warranty unless such representation and warranty remains incorrect in any material respect for a period of 30 days following the delivery of a written notice by the Administrative Agent of the relevant inaccuracy to the Borrower provided , that the material inaccuracy of any representation or warranty made as a condition to any Credit Extension or any deemed Credit Extension (a Revolver Representation Default will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loan unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders have accelerated the Revolving Credit Loans, terminated the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility and demanded repayment of, or otherwise accelerated, the Indebtedness or other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility and have not rescinded such demand or acceleration (the Revolver Representation Standstill or 
 (e) Cross-Default . Any Material Company (i) fails to make any payment after the applicable grace period with respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness owed by one Restricted Company to another Restricted Company) having an aggregate individual outstanding principal amount of not less than the Threshold Amount or (ii) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of 
 135 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

notice if required, (x) such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or (y) a mandatory offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity provided , that (1) this clause (e)(ii) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for such Indebtedness, (2) any failure described under clauses (i) or (ii) above is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to any termination of the Commitments or acceleration of the Loans pursuant to this Article 8 , (3) with respect to any default, event or condition referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) above resulting from the breach of any financial covenant under any revolving or asset-based facility (or any refinancing or replacement thereof), such default, event or condition shall only constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Term Facility if such default, event or condition results in the demand by the holders of such Indebtedness of repayment thereof and the acceleration of such Indebtedness (and the termination of the commitments thereunder), which demand and acceleration have not been rescinded and (4) it is understood and agreed that the occurrence of any event described in this clause (e) that would, prior to the expiration of any applicable grace period, permit the holder or holders of the relevant Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause (with the giving of notice, if required) such Indebtedness to become or be declared due and payable (or redeemable) prior to its stated maturity or the stated maturity of any underlying obligation, as the case may be, will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such grace period or 
 (f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . Any Material Company institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding provided , that it is understood and agreed that the occurrence of any event described in this clause (f) will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such 60 calendar day period or 
 (g) Reserved or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against any Material Company a final judgment, writ, warrant of attachment, similar proceeding or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (in either case, to the extent not adequately covered by indemnity from a third party (including any escrow arrangement), by self-insurance (if applicable) or by insurance as to which, in the case of any such third party insurance, the relevant third party insurance company has been notified and not denied coverage) and there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which such judgment has not been paid and during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect provided , that it is understood and agreed that the occurrence of any event described in this clause (h) will not result in a Default or Event of Default under this Agreement prior to the expiration of such 60 consecutive day period or 
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or 
 (j) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control or 
 (k) Collateral Documents . Any Collateral Document (after delivery thereof pursuant to Section 4.01 or Section 6.13 shall for any reason (other than pursuant to the terms thereof including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or Section 7.05 cease to create a valid and perfected first priority Lien on and security interest in any material portion of the Collateral, subject to Liens permitted under the 
 136 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Loan Documents, or any Loan Party shall assert in writing such invalidity or lack of perfection or priority (other than in an informational notice delivered to the Administrative Agent), except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results from the failure of the Administrative Agent to maintain possession of certificates or other possessory collateral actually delivered to it representing securities or other collateral pledged under the Collateral Documents or to file UCC financing statements, continuation statements, filings regarding IP Rights or equivalent filings or 
 (l) Guaranty . Any material Guarantee purported to be created under any Loan Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, in full force and effect, except upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which the Guarantor providing such Guarantee ceases to be a Guarantor or upon the termination of such Guarantee in accordance with its terms. 
 Section 8.02. Remedies Upon Event of Default . (a) If any Event of Default (other than any Event of Default subject to a Standstill prior to the date that the Required Revolving Lenders have exercised remedies pursuant to clause (b) below) occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions 
 (i) declare the Commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated 
 (ii) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower 
 (iii) require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof) 
 (iv) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or applicable Law and 
 (m) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default subject to a Standstill that has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Revolving Lenders, (i) declare that such breach constitutes an Event of Default for purposes of this Section 8.02 and (ii) take any or all of the actions specified in Section 8.02(a) in respect of the Revolving Credit Commitments (including any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions), the Revolving Credit Loans and the L C Obligations 
 provided , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of the L C Issuer to make L C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 Section 8.03. Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order 
 First, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 11.04 and amounts payable under Article 3 but excluding principal of, and interest on, any Loan) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such 
 137 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Second, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest and Secured Hedging Obligations and Cash Management Obligations) payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 11.05 and amounts payable under Article 3 ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 Third, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and any outstanding Unreimbursed Amount, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them 
 Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Secured Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and any outstanding Unreimbursed Amount, Secured Hedging Obligations and Cash Management Obligations ratably among the Lenders, each Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them 
 Fifth, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the L C Issuer, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit 
 Sixth, to the payment of all other Secured Obligations of the Loan Parties that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Secured Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date and 
 Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Secured Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 Subject to Section 2.04(c) , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as in the Cash Collateral Account after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above and, if no Secured Obligations remain outstanding, delivered to the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amounts received from any Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Management Obligations and Secured Hedging Obligations shall be excluded from the application of payments described above if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. 
 Article 9 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Section 9.01. Appointment and Authorization of Administrative Agent . (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints, designates and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to it by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or therein, nor shall the Administrative Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or participant, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the Administrative Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 138 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(n) Each L C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article 9 with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by each L C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the applications and agreements for letters of credit pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in this Article 9 and in the definition of Agent-Related Person included such L C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L C Issuer. 
 (o) The Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (in its capacities as a Lender, Swing Line Lender (if applicable), L C Issuer (if applicable) potential Cash Management Bank and a potential Hedge Bank) hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or on trust for) such Lender for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Secured Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.02 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits afforded to the Administrative Agent of all provisions of this Article 9 (including Section 9.07 , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. 
 Section 9.02. Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents or of exercising any rights and remedies thereunder) by or through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact, such sub-agents as shall be deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent and shall be entitled to advice of counsel and other consultants or experts concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or sub-agent or attorney-in-fact that it selects in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by it in bad faith. 
 Section 9.03. Liability of Administrative Agent . No Agent-Related Person shall (a) be liable for to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by it in bad faith in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any Lender or participant for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries or any officer thereof, contained herein or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created under the Collateral Documents, or the value or sufficiency of the Collateral, or for any failure of any Restricted Company or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lender or participant to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries or any Affiliate thereof. 
 Section 9.04. Reliance by Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, communication, signature, resolution, representation, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, facsimile, telex or telephone message, electronic mail message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in 
 139 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders. 
 Section 9.05. Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest and fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or a Loan Party referring to this Agreement, describing such Default and stating that such notice is a notice of default. The Administrative Agent will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to any Event of Default as may be directed by the Required Lenders in accordance with Article 8 provided , that unless and until the Administrative Agent has received any such direction, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Event of Default as it shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 
 Section 9.06. Credit Decision Disclosure of Information by Administrative Agent . Each Lender acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender represents to the Administrative Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Loan Party, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit hereunder. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 
 Section 9.07. Indemnification of Administrative Agent . The Lenders shall indemnify upon demand each Agent-Related Person (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless each Agent-Related Person from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities in connection with its role as an Agent-Related Person provided , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents by it in bad faith provided , further , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07 provided , further , that to the extent an L C Issuer is entitled to indemnification under this Section 9.07 solely in connection with its role as an L C Issuer, only the Revolving Credit Lenders shall be required to indemnify such L C Issuer in accordance with this Section 9.07 . In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower. The undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent. 
 140 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 9.08. Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity . Bank of America and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting or other business with each Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries as though Bank of America were not the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer hereunder and without notice to or consent of the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, Bank of America or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries) and acknowledge that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to provide such information to them. With respect to its Loans, Bank of America shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Lender and may exercise such rights and powers as though it were not the Administrative Agent or the L C Issuer, and the terms Lender and Lenders include Bank of America in its individual capacity. 
 Section 9.09. Successor Agent . The Administrative Agent may resign as the Administrative Agent upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender, either the Required Lenders or the Borrower may, upon 10 days notice, remove the Administrative Agent. If the Administrative Agent resigns or is removed under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor agent for the Lenders (which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank or a trust company), which successor agent shall be consented to by the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation or removal of the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and subject to the consent of the Borrower at all times other than during the existence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) (which consent of the Borrower shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), a successor agent, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank or a trust company. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor agent hereunder, the Person acting as such successor agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent and the term Administrative Agent, shall mean such successor administrative agent and or supplemental administrative agent, as the case may be, and the retiring Administrative Agent s appointment, powers and duties as the Administrative Agent shall be terminated. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article 9 and Sections 11.04 and 11.05 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Administrative Agent under this Agreement. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as the Administrative Agent by the date which is 30 days following the retiring Administrative Agent s notice of resignation or removal, the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above provided , that in the case of any Collateral held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or an L C Issuer under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such Collateral until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such other instruments or notices, as may be reasonably necessary, in order to continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents, the Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, discretion, privileges, and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as the Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article 9 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 9.10. Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and 
 141 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.04(i) , 2.04(j) , 2.10 and 11.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.10 and 11.04 . 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 Section 9.11. Collateral and Guaranty Matters . The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, and at the request of the Borrower the Administrative Agent shall 
 (a) release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) on the Termination Date, (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person other than a Loan Party, (iii) subject to Section 11.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, (iv) owned by a Guarantor upon release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guarantee pursuant to clause (b) below or (v) becomes an Excluded Asset 
 (b) release any Guarantor from its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party if the Termination Date occurs or if (i) in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary, (ii) in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor, such Subsidiary Guarantor is an Excluded Subsidiary or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary as a result of a transaction or designation not prohibited hereunder provided that if any Subsidiary Guarantor ceases to be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall not be released from its Guaranty unless either (x) it is no longer a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower or (y) such Disposition is a good faith Disposition to a bona fide unaffiliated third party (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) for fair market value and for a bona fide business purpose (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) (it being understood that this proviso shall not limit the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor that otherwise qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary for reasons other than not being a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) or (iii) in the case of any Discretionary Guarantor, the Borrower elects for such Person to be released as a Guarantor by notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent thereof at any time (it being understood that, in the case of the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) , such Guarantor shall not be released from its Guaranty unless any Investment by the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Person is permitted under Section 7.02 after giving effect to such release) and 
 (c) enter into any subordination, intercreditor and or similar agreement contemplated hereunder, including with respect to Indebtedness that is (i) required or permitted to be subordinated in right of payment hereunder and or (ii) secured by Liens and required or permitted to be pari passu with or junior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations, and with respect to which Indebtedness, an intercreditor, subordination or similar agreement is contemplated under this Agreement. 
 Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release its interest in particular types or items of property, or to release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents pursuant to this Section 9.11 . In each case as specified in this Section 9.11 , the Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest granted under the Collateral Documents, or to release such Guarantor from its obligations under the Loan Documents, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11 . 
 142 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party hereby agree that no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral, to enforce the Guaranty or take any other enforcement action hereunder or under any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof and all powers, rights and remedies under the Security Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders for the benefit of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 No Secured Hedging Agreement or Cash Management Obligations will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Cash Management Bank or any Hedge Bank any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the obligations of any Guarantor under the Loan Documents except as expressly provided in the Security Agreement. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each such Cash Management Bank and each such Hedge Bank shall be deemed to have appointed Administrative Agent, in its capacity as collateral agent, as its agent and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party, subject to the limitations set forth in this paragraph. The benefit of the provisions of the Loan Documents directly relating to the Collateral or any Lien granted thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L C Issuer as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among the Administrative Agent and all other Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent) this Article 9 , and Section 11.09 , and the decisions and actions of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders) to the same extent a Lender is bound provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) such Secured Party shall be bound by Section 11.05 only to the extent of liabilities, costs and expenses relating to the Collateral held for the benefit of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall be such Secured Party s pro rata share (based on the amount of Secured Obligations owing to such Secured Party relative to the aggregate amount of Secured Obligations) of such liabilities, costs and expenses, (ii) except as set forth specifically herein, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L C Issuer shall be entitled to act in its sole discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Secured Obligation owed to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or put in jeopardy thereby, and without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Obligation and (iii) except as specifically set forth herein, such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to, any action taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. 
 Section 9.12. Other Agents Arrangers and Managers . None of the Lenders or other Persons identified on the facing page and or signature pages of this Agreement as a bookrunner, arranger, or lead arranger shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. 
 Section 9.13. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company 
 143 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Arranger hereby inform the Lenders that each such Person is not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, banker s acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or fees similar to the foregoing. 
 Section 9.14. Recovery of Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might 
 144 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 
 (b) The provisions of this Section 9.14 are solely agreements among the Lender Recipient Parties and the Administrative Agent and shall not impose or increase any obligations on the Borrower and the Loan Parties. 
 Article 10 GUARANTY 
 Section 10.01. Guaranty . (a) Each Guarantor hereby, jointly and severally, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at scheduled maturity or by acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all of its Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the liability of each Guarantor shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by any other Loan Party to any Secured Party under or in respect of the Loan Documents, the Swap Contracts with respect to Secured Hedging Obligations or the agreements governing Cash Management Obligations, in each case, giving rise to such Guaranteed Obligations (collectively, the Guaranteed Documents but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving such other Loan Party. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. 
 (c) Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of this Article 10 , the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and each other Secured Party, hereby confirm that it is the intention of all such Persons that this Article 10 and the Guaranteed Obligations of each Guarantor hereunder not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Debtor Relief Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or state law to the extent applicable to this Article 10 and the Guaranteed Obligations of each Guarantor hereunder. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Administrative Agent, the other Secured Parties and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the Guaranteed Obligations of each Guarantor under this Article 10 at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Debtor Relief Law or any comparable provision of applicable Law. 
 Section 10.02. Contribution . Subject to Section 10.03 , each Guarantor hereby unconditionally agrees that in the event any payment shall be required to be made to any Secured Party under this Article 10 or any other Guaranty, such Guarantor in its capacity as such will contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such amounts to each other Guarantor so as to maximize the aggregate amount paid to the Secured Parties under or in respect of the Guaranteed Documents. 
 Section 10.03. Guaranty Absolute . Each Guarantor guarantees that its Guaranteed Obligations will be paid in accordance with the terms of the Guaranteed Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of any Secured Party with respect thereto. The Obligations of each Guarantor under or in respect of this Article 10 are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations of any other Loan Party under or in respect of the Guaranteed Documents, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce this Article 10 , irrespective of whether any action is brought against the Borrower or any other Loan Party or whether the Borrower or any other Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions. The liability of each Guarantor under this Article 10 shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses (other than payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations) it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way, including relating to, any or all of the following 
 (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Guaranteed Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto 
 (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of its Guaranteed Obligations or any other Obligations of any other Loan Party under or in respect of the Guaranteed Documents, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any 
 145 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Guaranteed Document, including any increase in its Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise 
 (c) any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral or any other collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, any other guaranty, for all or any of its Guaranteed Obligations 
 (d) any manner of application of Collateral or any other collateral, or proceeds thereof, to all or any of its Guaranteed Obligations, or any manner of sale or other disposition of any Collateral or any other collateral for all or any of its Guaranteed Obligations or any other Secured Obligations of any Loan Party under the Guaranteed Documents or any other assets of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (e) any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate structure or existence of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (f) any failure of any Secured Party to disclose to any Loan Party any information relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party now or hereafter known to such Secured Party (each Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Secured Parties to disclose such information) 
 (g) the failure of any other Person to execute or deliver any other guaranty or agreement or the release or reduction of liability of any other guarantor or surety with respect to its Guaranteed Obligations or 
 (h) any other circumstance or any existence of or reliance on any representation by any Secured Party that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety other than satisfaction in full of the Obligations. 
 This Article 10 shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of such Guarantor s Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by any Secured Party or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or any other Loan Party or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 
 Section 10.04. Waiver and Acknowledgments . (a) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, presentment, demand for performance, notice of nonperformance, default, acceleration, protest or dishonor and any other notice with respect to any of its Guaranteed Obligations and this Article 10 (other than any demand, presentment or notice expressly required by the Guaranteed Documents) and any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral. 
 (i) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right to revoke this Article 10 and acknowledges that this Article 10 is continuing in nature and applies to all of its Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 
 (j) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any Secured Party that in any manner impairs, reduces, releases or otherwise adversely affects the subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification rights of such Guarantor or other rights of such Guarantor to proceed against any of the other Loan Parties, any other guarantor or any other Person or any Collateral and any defense based on any right of set-off or counterclaim against or in respect of the Obligations of such Guarantor under this Article 10 . 
 (k) Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any duty on the part of any Secured Party to disclose to such Guarantor any matter, fact or thing relating to the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties or prospects of any other Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries now or hereafter known by such Secured Party. 
 (l) Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements and other accommodations contemplated by the Guaranteed 
 146 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Documents and that the waivers set forth in this Article 10 are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 
 Section 10.05. Subrogation . Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees not to exercise any rights that it may now have or hereafter acquire against any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s Guaranteed Obligations under or in respect any Guaranteed Document, including any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of any Secured Party against any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any other Loan Party or any other insider guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until the Termination Date. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the latest of (a) the Termination Date, (b) the Latest Maturity Date and (c) the latest date of expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit or other provision therefor in full in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer, such amount shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be segregated from other property and funds of such Guarantor and shall forthwith be paid or delivered to the Administrative Agent in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement or assignment) to be credited and applied to such Guarantor s Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable by it under this Article 10 , whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of the Guaranteed Documents, or to be held as Collateral for any of such Guarantor s Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable by it under this Article 10 thereafter arising. If (i) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article 10 shall have been paid in full in cash, (ii) the Latest Maturity Date shall have occurred and (iii) all Letters of Credit shall have expired or been terminated or other provision therefor in full shall have been made in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the L C Issuer, the Lenders will, at any Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment made by such Guarantor pursuant to this Article 10 . 
 Section 10.06. Reserved . 
 Section 10.07. Covenants . Each Subsidiary Guarantor covenants and agrees that, from the Closing Date to the Termination Date, such Subsidiary Guarantor will perform and observe, and cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to perform and observe, all of the terms, covenants and agreements set forth in the Loan Documents on its or their part to be performed or observed or that the Borrower has agreed to cause such Subsidiary Guarantor or such Restricted Subsidiaries to perform or observe. 
 Section 10.08. Release of Subsidiary Guarantors . A Guarantor shall automatically be released from this Article 10 and its obligations hereunder upon the circumstances described in Section 9.11(b) . The Administrative Agent will, at the Borrower s expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor such documents as the Borrower shall reasonably request to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its Guaranty hereunder pursuant to this Section 10.08 provided , that the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of the Borrower to the effect that the release of such Guarantor is in compliance with the Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent shall be authorized to rely on any such certificate without independent investigation. 
 Section 10.09. Guaranty Supplements . Upon the execution and delivery by any Person of a guaranty supplement in substantially the form of Exhibit F or such other form of guaranty or guaranty supplement to guarantee the Guaranteed Obligations in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (each, a Guaranty Supplement ), (a) such Person shall become and be a Guarantor hereunder, and each reference in this Article 10 to a Guarantor shall also mean and be a reference to such additional Guarantor, and each reference in any other Loan Document to a Guarantor shall also mean and be a reference to such additional Guarantor, and (b) each reference herein to this Article 10 , hereunder , hereof or words of like import referring to this Article 10 , and each reference in any other Loan Document to the Guaranty , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to this Article 10 , shall mean and be a reference to this Article 10 as supplemented by such Guaranty Supplement. 
 Section 10.10. No Waiver Remedies . No failure on the part of any Secured Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial 
 147 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 
 Section 10.11. Reserved . 
 Section 10.12. Continuing Guaranty Assignments under this Agreement . This Article 10 is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the Termination Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their permitted successors, transferees and assigns. No Guarantor shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of all Lenders. 
 Section 10.13. Reserved . 
 Section 10.14. Keepwell . Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each Non-ECP Guarantor to honor all of its obligations under this Agreement in respect of any Swap Obligations that would otherwise be Excluded Swap Obligations but for this Section 10.14 provided , that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.14 for the maximum amount of such liability that can hereby be incurred and otherwise subject to the limitations on the Obligations of the Guarantors contained in this Guaranty without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.14 , or otherwise under this Agreement, as it relates to such Loan Party, voidable under applicable Law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). This Section 10.14 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Non-ECP Guarantor for all purposes of 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Article 11 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 11.01. Amendments, Etc . 
 (a) Except as provided in Section 2.16 with respect to any Incremental Facility Amendment, Section 2.18 with respect to any Extension Amendment, Section 2.19 with respect to any Refinancing Amendment and Sections 1.15(d) , 3.03 and 6.18 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or by the Administrative Agent at the direction of or with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and, if the consent of the Administrative Agent is not required pursuant to this Section 11.01 , delivered to the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , that 
 (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby 
 (A) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.01 or 4.02 , or the waiver of any Default, Event of Default or mandatory prepayment shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender) 
 (B) postpone any date scheduled for any payment of principal or interest under Section 2.08 or 2.09 or fees under Section 2.04(i) , 2.04(j) or 2.10(a) , it being understood that the waiver of any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest 
 (C) reduce or forgive the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (3) of the second proviso to this Section 11.01(a) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, it being understood that any change to the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest provided , that only 
 148 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate 
 (D) change Section 2.13(a) or (f) , 2.14 , or 8.03 in any manner that would alter the pro rata nature of payments required thereby (it being understood and agreed that this clause (D) shall not apply to any transaction permitted under Section 2.16 , 2.18 , 2.19 or 11.07(l) or (k) or as otherwise provided in this Section 11.01 or 
 (E) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(f) , contractually subordinate the Liens on all or substantially all (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) of the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations to any other Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than in connection with (1) a debtor-in-possession financing or the use of the Collateral in any insolvency proceeding and or (2) any other financing, in the case of this clause (2) with respect to which each Lender with respect to the applicable Tranche of Loans is offered the opportunity to provide such financing) and 
 (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, without the written consent of each Lender 
 (A) change any provision of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder 
 (B) release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions or 
 (C) release all or substantially all of the value of the Guaranty 
 provided , further , that 
 (1) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the relevant L C Issuer (without the consent of any other Lender), affect the rights or duties of such L C Issuer under this Agreement or any Letter of Credit Application relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it 
 (2) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender (without the consent of any other Lender), affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement 
 (3) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent (without the consent of any other Lender), affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 (4) the definition of Letter of Credit Sublimit may be amended or rights and privileges thereunder waived with the consent of just each L C Issuer and the Administrative Agent (without the consent of any other Lender) 
 (5) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto (without the consent of any other Lender) 
 (6) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 to a Credit Extension after the Closing Date may be amended or rights and privileges thereunder waived with only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders and, in the case of a Credit Extension that constitutes the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable L C Issuer 
 149 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(7) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any other Lender (other than the relevant Lenders providing Loans under such Sections), effect amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to add terms (including representations and warranties, conditions, prepayments, covenants or events of default), in connection with the addition of any Loan or Commitment hereunder or the incurrence of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that are favorable to the then-existing Lenders, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (8) any amendment or waiver of, or consent to departure from, this Agreement that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Tranche may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Tranche Lenders (and without the consent of the Required Lenders) with respect to such Tranche and 
 (9) solely with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (but without the consent of the Required Lenders or any other Lender), any such agreement may (w) waive, amend or modify Section 7.08 (or the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or any component definition thereof, in each case, solely for purposes of using any such definition for purposes of Section 7.08 , other than, in the case of Section 7.08(a) , for purposes of determining compliance with such Section as a condition to taking any action under this Agreement) (other than as permitted under clause (x) ), (x) waive, amend or modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 as it pertains to any Revolving Credit Loan and or Letter of Credit and or (y) waive any Revolver Representation Default and or (z) rescind any exercise of remedies with respect to any breach of Section 7.08 or any Revolver Representation Default. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
 (i) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that the Commitment of such Lender may not be increased or extended nor the principal amount owed to such Lender reduced nor the final maturity thereof extended without the consent of such Lender (it being understood that any Commitments or Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded from a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders) 
 (ii) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) without the written consent of the Required Lenders, by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (A) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement in accordance with Section 2.18 or 2.19 and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (B) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders 
 (iii) in order to implement any Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with Section 2.16 , this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended, without the consent of the other Lenders, as may be necessary or appropriate, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to add such Incremental Term Loan or Incremental Revolving Credit Commitments in accordance with Section 2.16 and otherwise effect the provisions of Section 2.16 , which amendments may be effectuated in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any Incremental Facility Amendment and any amendment to any of the other Loan Documents with the Loan Parties as may be necessary in order to establish new tranches or sub-tranches in respect of Loans or Commitments increased or extended pursuant to Section 2.16 and such technical amendments as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the 
 150 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Administrative Agent and the Borrower in connection with the establishment of such new Loans or Commitments, in each case, on terms consistent with Section 2.16 , including any changes to this Agreement as may be necessary to ensure that any Incremental Term Loan are fungible with the applicable existing Term Loans if such Incremental Term Loan is intended to be of the same Class as the relevant existing Term Facility 
 (iv) the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may, without the input or consent of any Lender, amend, supplement and or waive this Agreement and or any guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement and or related document (if any) executed in connection with this Agreement to (A) comply with any Law or the advice of counsel or (B) cause any such guaranty, collateral security agreement, pledge agreement or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and or the relevant other Loan Documents 
 (v) in the event that the Borrower requests that this Agreement be modified or amended in a manner that would require the unanimous consent of all of the Lenders (or all affected Lenders) and such modification or amendment is agreed to by the Required Lenders (or the Required Tranche Lenders of the applicable Tranche), then with the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Required Tranche Lenders of the applicable Tranche), the Borrower and the Required Lenders (or the Required Tranche Lenders of the applicable Tranche) shall be permitted to (A) replace the Lender or Lenders that did not agree to the modification or amendment requested by the Borrower (such Lender or Lenders, collectively the Dissenting Lenders (without the consent of any Dissenting Lender) by causing such Dissenting Lenders to (and such Dissenting Lenders shall be obligated to) assign 100 of its relevant Commitments and the principal of its relevant outstanding Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any L C Reimbursement Loan and Swing Line Loans made by any Dissenting Lender) at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest pursuant to Section 11.07(d) (without any assignment fee to be paid by the Borrower) all of its relevant rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees or (B) terminate the Commitment of such Dissenting Lender and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Dissenting Lender relating to the Loans and participations held by such Dissenting Lender as of such termination date 
 (vi) this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended solely with the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment is delivered in order to correct or cure (x) ambiguities, errors, mistakes, omissions or defects, (y) to effect administrative changes of a technical or immaterial nature or (z) incorrect cross references or similar inaccuracies in this Agreement or the applicable Loan Document and, in each case, if the Required Lenders have not objected thereto within five Business Days following the receipt of notice thereof. Notification of such amendment shall be made by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders promptly upon such amendment becoming effective 
 (vii) for the avoidance of doubt, any MFN provision, including Sections 2.16(e) , 7.03(z) and 7.03(aa) , may be amended solely with the consent of the Borrower and the Required Lenders 
 (viii) the Required Lenders, without the consent of any other Lender, may (A) rescind any acceleration of the Loans and or any other Obligation pursuant to Article 8 and or (B) agree that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders will forbear from exercising any remedy provided under any Loan Document with respect to any Event of Default and 
 (ix) with respect to SONIA, SOFR, Term SOFR and Alternate Currency Interest Rates, the Administrative Agent will have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document provided , that, with respect to any such amendment, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Borrower and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 151 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 11.02. Notices and Other Communications Facsimile Copies . 
 (a) Generally . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices and other communications provided for under any Loan Document shall be in writing (including by facsimile transmission and, except as otherwise specifically provided herein, electronic mail). All such written notices shall be mailed, faxed or delivered to the applicable address, facsimile number or (subject to Section 11.02(c) electronic mail address, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the other parties and 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire or to such other address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number as shall be designated by such party in a notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. 
 All such notices and other communications shall be deemed to be given or made upon the earlier of (x) actual receipt by the relevant party and (y)(A) if delivered by hand or by courier, when signed for by or on behalf of the relevant party (B) if delivered by mail, four Business Days after deposit in the mails, postage prepaid (C) if delivered by facsimile, when sent and receipt has been confirmed by telephone and (D) if delivered by electronic mail, when delivered provided , that notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Article 2 shall not be effective until actually received by such Person. In no event shall a voice mail message be effective as a notice, communication or confirmation hereunder. 
 (b) Effectiveness of Facsimile Documents and Signatures . Loan Documents may be transmitted and or signed by facsimile or other electronic means. The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable Law, have the same force and effect as manually signed originals and shall be binding on each Loan Party, the Administrative Agent and each Lender. The Administrative Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof provided , that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile document or signature. 
 (c) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L C Issuer hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including electronic mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the L C Issuer pursuant to Article 2 if such Lender or the L C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (d) Reliance by the Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall indemnify each Agent-Related Person and each Lender to the extent required by Section 11.05 from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Section 11.03. No Waiver Cumulative Remedies . No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or 
 152 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided under each Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 Section 11.04. Attorney Costs, Expenses and Taxes . The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs of a single firm of attorneys acting as counsel to the Administrative Agent, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and each Lender for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law), including all Attorney Costs of one outside counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole (exclusive of (x) one outside local counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, in each relevant material jurisdiction and (y) solely in the case of a conflict of interest one additional counsel may be appointed for all affected parties, taken as a whole). The foregoing costs and expenses shall include all search, filing, recording, title insurance and appraisal charges relevant to the Collateral and fees and taxes related thereto, and the related reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be paid within thirty days after receipt by the Borrower of an invoice in reasonable detail. The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. 
 Section 11.05. Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and advisors of the foregoing (collectively the Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims and costs (including Attorney Costs, which shall be limited to one outside counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole (exclusive of (x) one outside local counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as whole, in each relevant material jurisdiction and (y) in the case of a conflict of interest, one additional counsel may be appointed for all affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole), for any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with 
 (a) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby 
 (b) any Commitment, Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the L C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or 
 (c) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Restricted Company or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Restricted Company or any of their Subsidiaries or 
 (d) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto 
 (all the foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ), in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the negligence of the Indemnitee provided , that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, losses, damages, claims and costs (x) have resulted 
 153 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Documents of or by such Indemnitee or its Representatives as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (y) arise from claims of any of the Indemnitees solely against one or more Indemnitees that have not resulted from any misrepresentation, default or the breach of any Loan Document or any actual or alleged performance or non-performance by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, any direct or indirect parent or Controlling person thereof or their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, stockholders, partners, members, employees, agents, representatives or advisors. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through SyndTrak, IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, except to the extent resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith, gross negligence or material breach of the Loan Documents of or by such Indemnitee or its Representatives as determined by the final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall any Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any liability (whether direct or indirect, in contract or in tort or otherwise) for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date) provided , however , that the foregoing liability exclusion with respect to the Loan Parties shall not limit the indemnification obligations of the Loan Parties otherwise provided for above in respect of third party claims against the Indemnitees for which such Indemnitees are otherwise entitled to indemnification hereunder. In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 11.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, shareholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents is consummated. All amounts due under this Section 11.05 shall be paid within thirty days of receipt by the Borrower of an invoice in reasonable detail. The agreements in this Section 11.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01 , this Section 11.05 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc., arising from any non-Tax claim. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Indemnitee shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts paid by any Loan Party under this Section 11.05 to such Indemnitee for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. No Loan Party shall not be liable for, and the indemnity in this Section 11.05 shall not apply with respect to, any settlement of any liabilities, losses, damages, claims and costs effected by any Indemnitee without the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or any other loss, claim, damage, liability and or expense incurred in connection therewith, but if any such action is settled with the written consent of the Borrower, or if there is a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against an Indemnitee in any such action, the Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnitee in the manner set forth above. 
 Section 11.06. Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then 
 (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and 
 (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 
 Section 11.07. Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their 
 154 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in Section 11.07(f) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnitees) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 11.07(a) , the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender, except as provided in Section 7.04 . 
 (c) Notwithstanding Section 11.07(a) , no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(d) , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(f) , (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of Sections 11.07(h) and 11.07(j) or (iv) to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.07(i) (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). 
 (d) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (which, for the avoidance of any doubt, shall not include any Disqualified Institutions) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement provided , that 
 (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or, in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the outstanding principal balance of the Loan of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if trade date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of such trade date, shall not be less than 5,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, or 1,000,000, in the case of any assignment in respect of any Term Loans, unless each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
 (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not (x) apply to rights in respect of Swing Line Loans or (y) prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis 
 (iii) any assignment of a Term Loan or a Revolving Credit Commitment to an Eligible Assignee must be approved, if applicable, by the Persons specified for such assignment in the definition of Eligible Assignee 
 (iv) the parties (other than the Borrower unless its consent to such assignment is required hereunder) to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (which fee the Borrower shall have no obligation to pay except as required in Section 3.09 and 11.01(b)(v) and 
 (v) the assigning Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver such Notes to the Borrower). Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 11.07(e) , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.07 , 11.04 and 11.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment). Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement 
 155 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

that does not comply with this clause (d) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with Section 11.07(f) . The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for monitoring the Disqualified Institutions list and shall have no liability for non-compliance by any Lender. The Disqualified Institutions list shall be made available to any Lender upon request to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and related interest amounts) of the Loans, L C Obligations (specifying the Unreimbursed Amounts), and amounts due under Section 2.04 owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (f) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or a Disqualified Institution) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and or obligations under this Agreement provided , that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each other Lender shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents provided , that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in Section 11.01(a)(i) or 11.01(a)(ii) that directly affects such Participant. Subject to Section 11.07(g) , each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 , and Sections 3.04 through 3.07 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Section 11.07(d) . To the extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.10 as though it were a Lender provided , that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.14 as though it were a Lender. 
 (g) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 and Sections 3.04 through 3.07 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided , that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations and Section 1.163-5(b) of the proposed United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error) as to the identity of each Participant and the amount of Loans and Commitments attributed to such Participant, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (h) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement under its Note, if any to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any central bank having jurisdiction 
 156 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

over such Lender provided , that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein 
 (i) any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPC (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may not be a Disqualified Institution) identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement provided , that 
 (ii) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan, and 
 (iii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. 
 (iv) (A) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.01 or 3.04 through 3.07 ), (B) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (C) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. 
 (v) any SPC may (A) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of 3,500, assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (B) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
 (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Loans owing to it and the Note, if any, held by it to the trustee (who may not be a Disqualified Institution) for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities provided , that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 11.07 , (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under the Loan Documents even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise (unless such trustee is an Eligible Assignee which has complied with the requirements of Section 11.07(d) ). 
 (k) Any Lender may elect to, but is not obligated to elect to, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations in respect of the Term Loans of any Class to Holdings and or any Subsidiary of Holdings (each, an Affiliated Lender on a non pro rata basis through (x) Dutch Auctions open to all applicable Term Lenders on a pro rata basis and or (y) open market purchases, subject to the following limitations 
 (i) Each Lender participating in any assignment to Affiliated Lenders acknowledges and agrees that in connection with such assignment, (A) the Affiliated Lenders may have, and later may come into possession of material non-public information MNPI with respect to Holdings, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities, (B) such Lender has independently and, without reliance on the Affiliated Lenders or any of their Subsidiaries, or Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and advisors, made its own analysis and determination to participate in such assignment notwithstanding such Lender s lack of knowledge of the MNPI, (C) none of the Affiliated Lenders or any of their Subsidiaries, or Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries shall be required to make any 
 157 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

representation that it is not in possession of MNPI, (D) none of the Affiliated Lenders or any of their Subsidiaries, or Holdings, the Borrower or their respective Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and advisors shall have any liability to such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted by Law, any claims such Lender may have against the Affiliated Lenders and any of their Subsidiaries, and Holdings, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, counsel, agents and advisors, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the MNPI and (E) that the MNPI may not be available to the Administrative Agent or the other Lenders. 
 (ii) (A) the Revolving Credit Facility shall not be utilized to fund the purchase or assignment, (B) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of acceptance of any bids in any Dutch Auction or the consummation of any open market purchase, as applicable, and (C) any Term Loans purchased by Holdings or its Subsidiaries shall be immediately cancelled provided , that neither Holdings nor its Subsidiaries may increase the amount of Consolidated EBITDA by any non-cash gains associated with such cancellation of debt). 
 (l) If any assignment or participation under this Section 11.07 is made to any Disqualified Institution without the Borrower s prior written consent, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Institution, (B) in the case of any outstanding Term Loans held by such Disqualified Institution, purchase such Term Loans by paying the lesser of (x) par and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid to acquire such Term Loans in the cases of clauses (x) and (y) , plus accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and or (C) require such Disqualified Institution to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 11.07 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees provided , that (I) in the case of clause (C) , the applicable Disqualified Institution has received payment of an amount equal to the lesser of (1) par and (2) the amount that such Disqualified Institution paid for the applicable Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the Borrower, (II) in the case of clauses (A) and (B) , the Borrower shall be liable to the relevant Disqualified Institution under Section 3.07 if any Term SOFR Loan owing to such Disqualified Institution is repaid or purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period relating thereto and (III) in the case of clause (C) , the relevant assignment shall otherwise comply with this Section 11.07 (except that no registration and processing fee required under this Section 11.07 shall be required with any assignment pursuant to this paragraph). Further, any Disqualified Institution identified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (A) shall not be permitted to (x) receive information or reporting provided by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender and or (y) attend and or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (B) (x) shall not for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders, the majority of Lenders under any Class, each Lender or each affected Lender have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, have a right to consent (or not consent), otherwise act or direct or require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to take (or refrain from taking) any such action it being understood that all Loans held by any Disqualified Institution shall be deemed to be not outstanding for all purposes of calculating whether the Required Lenders, majority Lenders under any Class, each Lender or each affected Lender have taken any action, and (y) shall be deemed to vote in the same proportion as Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions in any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party and (C) shall not be entitled to receive the benefits of Sections 11.04 and 11.05 . 
 Section 11.08. Successors . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any or all of Bank of America may, upon 30 days notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as L C Issuer and or Swing Line Lender provided , that on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to Bank of America s resignation as L C Issuer, Bank of America shall have identified a successor L C Issuer reasonably acceptable to the Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor L C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint a successor L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment provided , that a failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall not affect the resignation of Bank of America as L C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, except as provided above. If Bank of America resigns as L 
 158 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of the L C Issuer with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as L C Issuer and all L C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.04(c) ). 
 Section 11.09. Confidentiality . The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L C Issuer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information, except that the Information may be disclosed 
 (a) to its Representatives who need to know such information solely in connection with the Facilities (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information, and the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender or L C Issuer shall be responsible for compliance by their Representatives with such obligations) provided , that, unless the Borrower otherwise consents, no such disclosure shall be made by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L C Issuer or any of its Representatives to any Affiliate or other Representative of such Person that is a Disqualified Institution (other than any Excluded Party that is a senior employee of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer who is required, in accordance with industry regulations or the relevant Person s internal policies and procedures, to act in a supervisory capacity and the relevant Person s internal, legal, compliance, risk management, credit or investment committee members, so long as such persons do not share any such information with any individual primarily engaged in private equity, venture capital or mezzanine financing activities at the Disqualified Institution itself) 
 (b) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority or self-regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer or its Affiliates (in which case such Person shall (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), (i) to the extent practicable and permitted by Law, notify the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such Information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment) 
 (c) to the extent compelled by legal process in, or reasonably necessary to, the defense of, or enforcement of any right or exercise of any remedy under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in, such legal, judicial or administrative proceeding, in any legal, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise as required by applicable Law (in which case such Person shall (i) to the extent practicable and permitted by Law, inform the Borrower promptly in advance thereof and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any such Information so disclosed is accorded confidential treatment) 
 (d) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as (or no less restrictive than) those of this Section 11.09 (or as may otherwise be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower), (i) to any Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective Eligible Assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) to any direct, indirect, actual or prospective counterparty (and its advisor) to any swap, derivative or securitization transaction related to its obligations under this Agreement, in each case, other than a Disqualified Institution provided , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 11.09 , the Administrative Agent or any Lender may disclose the Disqualified Institutions list to any prospective assignee or participant who is not (i) identified on the Disqualified Institutions list (each such person, an Identified Disqualified Institution or (ii) clearly identifiable as an Affiliate of an Identified Disqualified Institution solely on the similarity of its name to such Identified Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such prospective assignee or participant representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent or such Lender that such prospective assignee or participant is not a Disqualified Institution 
 (e) with the prior written consent of the Borrower to Moody s and S&P in connection with the maintenance of ratings contemplated by Section 6.04 on a confidential basis 
 (f) to the extent such Information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.09 by the Administrative Agent, any Lender and or any L C Issuer and or any of their respective Representatives 
 159 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

(g) to the extent such Information is independently developed by the Administrative Agent, Lender and or L C Issuer and or 
 (h) to the extent any such information becomes available to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L C Issuer or their respective Affiliates from a source which is not known by such Person to be subject to any contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligation owing to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 
 In addition, the Administrative Agent may disclose the existence of the Facilities and generic information about the Facilities (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, confidential Information regarding the Borrower or any of its Affiliates) to market data collectors and other similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent in connection with the administration of the Facilities. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any disclosure of Information referred to above be made to any Disqualified Institution. 
 Section 11.10. Set-off . In addition to any rights and remedies of each Lender provided by Law, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, each Lender is authorized at any time and from time to time, without prior notice to any Loan Party, any such notice being waived by the Borrower (on its own behalf and on behalf of each other Loan Party) to the fullest extent permitted by Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, but not any deposits held in a custodial, trust or other fiduciary capacity), at any time held by, and other Indebtedness at any time owing by, such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the respective Loan Parties against any and all Obligations owing to such Lender hereunder or under any other Loan Document, now or hereafter existing, irrespective of whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall have made demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations may be contingent or unmatured or denominated in a currency different from that of the applicable deposit or Indebtedness. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set off and application made by such Lender provided , that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent and each Lender under this Section 11.10 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that the Administrative Agent and such Lender may have. 
 Section 11.11. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under any Loan Document shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 Section 11.12. Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts . 
 (a) This Agreement, each other Loan Document and each other Communication may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by telecopier of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement, each other Loan Document and each other Communication shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and such other Communication. 
 (b) This Agreement, each other Loan Document and each other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent, each L C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender, and each Lender (collectively, each, a Credit Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was 
 160 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

delivered. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication that has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into .pdf format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. Each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, none of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers or the Swing Line Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , that, without limiting the foregoing (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent, any L C Issuer and or the Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Credit Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and or any other Credit Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature, (ii) to the extent any Loan Party has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, each of the Loan Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Credit Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature and (iii) upon the request of any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any other Credit Party, any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 
 (c) None of the Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers or the Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other Communication (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s, the L C Issuers or Swing Line Lender s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, the L C Issuers and the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 Section 11.13. Integration . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, comprises the complete and integrated agreement of the parties on the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, on such subject matter. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of any other Loan Document, the provisions of this Agreement shall control provided , that the inclusion of supplemental rights or remedies in favor of the Administrative Agent or any Lender in any other Loan Document shall not in and of itself be deemed a conflict with this Agreement and subject, in the case of Letter of Credit Applications, to the last sentence of Section 2.04(b)(i) . Each Loan Document was drafted with the joint participation of the respective parties thereto and shall be construed neither against nor in favor of any party, but rather in accordance with the fair meaning thereof. 
 Section 11.14. Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
 Section 11.15. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 161 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

Section 11.16. Governing Law . (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (d) ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF SUCH STATE, AND BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH L C ISSUER, THE SWING LINE LENDER AND EACH OTHER LENDER CONSENTS, FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THOSE COURTS. THE BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH L C ISSUER, THE SWING LINE LENDER AND EACH OTHER LENDER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH JURISDICTION IN RESPECT OF ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR OTHER DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO (EXCEPT THAT IN THE CASE OF ANY BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDINGS WITH RESPECT TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY L C ISSUER, THE SWING LINE LENDER OR ANY OTHER LENDER, ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH COURT HOLDING SUCH BANKRUPTCY, INSOLVENCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDINGS). 
 Section 11.17. Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THE DEALINGS OF THE PARTIES HERETO OR ANY OF THEM WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER FOUNDED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY HEREBY AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM, DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE DECIDED BY COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY, AND THAT ANY PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY FILE AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 11.17 WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF THE SIGNATORIES HERETO TO THE WAIVER OF THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY. 
 Section 11.18. Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender, the Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuer that each such Lender, Swing Line Lender and the L C Issuer has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Lenders. 
 Section 11.19. No Implied Duties . The Borrower acknowledges that (a) the sole role of the Arranger is to syndicate the Facilities and to arrange for future amendments and other modifications hereto and (b) the Administrative Agent does not have any duty other than as expressly provided herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower agrees that none of the Arranger, the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall in any event be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties. Additionally, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Arranger are not advising the Borrower as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. The Borrower has consulted and will continue to consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendments or other modifications hereto), and no Arranger or Secured Party shall have any responsibility or liability to the Borrower with respect thereto. Any review by any Arranger or Secured Party of the Borrower, the transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of such Arranger or Secured Party and shall not be on behalf of the Borrower. 
 Section 11.20. USA Patriot Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the USA Patriot Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the USA Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that 
 162 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

identifies the Borrower and each Guarantor, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower or Guarantor and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower or such Guarantor in accordance with the USA Patriot Act. 
 Section 11.21. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 11.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. 
 
 163 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 
 ORCHID FINCO LLC, as a Borrower 
 By s Tammay Kumar Name Tammay Kumar Title Chief Financial Officer 
 SYSTEM1 MIDCO, LLC, as a Borrower 
 By s Tridivesh Kidambi Name Tridivesh Kidambi Title Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 After giving effect to the Acquisition and the Closing Date Mergers 
 ORCHID MERGER SUB II, LLC, as the Borrower 
 By s Tridivesh Kidambi Name Tridivesh Kidambi Title Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 S1 HOLDCO, LLC, as Holdings 
 By s Tridivesh Kidambi Name Tridivesh Kidambi Title Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 SYSTEM1 S1, INC. 
 MAPQUEST HOLDINGS LLC 
 MAPQUEST SERVICES HOLDINGS LLC 
 INFOSPACE HOLDINGS LLC 
 QOOL MEDIA HOLDINGS LLC 
 CONCOURSE MEDIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 DOTZUP HOLDINGS LLC 
 PRIVACY ONE GROUP LIMITED, as Subsidiary Guarantors 

By s Tridivesh Kidambi Name Tridivesh Kidambi Title Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

SYSTEM1 OPCO, LLC, as a Subsidiary Guarantor 

By s Tridivesh Kidambi Name Tridivesh Kidambi Title Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, L C Issuer, Swing Line Lender, a Revolving Credit Lender and an Initial Term Lender 
 By s Ravi Patel Name Ravi Patel Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Credit and Guaranty Agreement 
 
 WEIL 98106221 28 78831.0005 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 system1-ex108arrevolvernote.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 REVOLVING NOTE 
 
 US 20,000,000 May 16, 2023 
 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED , LONE STAR FRIENDS TRUST , being a trust created under the laws of the State of Texas acting by and through its trustee, Stanley Blend Lone Star and CEE HOLDING TRUST , being a trust created under the laws of the State of Wyoming acting by and through its trustee, Jackson Hole Trust Company, a Wyoming corporation CEE and together with Lone Star, collectively, the Lenders and each, a Lender each agrees, on a several but not joint basis , to make loans (each such loan, a Revolving Loan to ORCHID MERGER SUB II, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed the principal sum of set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule I hereto (each, a Commitment ), on the terms set forth below. 
 
 This Amended and Restated Revolving Note (this Note amends and restates in its entirety that certain Revolving Note, dated as of April 10, 2023 (the Original Closing Date ), made by the Borrower in favor of the Lenders. 
 
 1. Definitions As used in this Note, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the laws of, or are in fact closed in, the states where any Lender s office is located provided that when used in connection with the determination of Daily Simple SOFR, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 Commitment has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the greater of (a) the SOFR published on such date on the NYFRB s website (or any successor source) and (b) 0.00 . 
 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, general assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States of America or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (i) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (ii) 3.15 per annum plus (iii) 2.0 per annum. 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 13 . 

WEIL 99167300 2 78831.0005 

Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2022, among the Borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other parties from time to time party thereto 
 Lenders and Lender have the meanings assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 Maturity Date has the meaning specified in Section 4(a) . 
 
 Note has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities and monetary obligations of, the Borrower to the Lenders arising under this Note, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming the Borrower as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 
 Original Closing Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 Outstanding Amount means, on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of the Revolving Loans, occurring on such date. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or other entity. 
 
 Pro Rata Basis means a 50-50 basis with each Lender funding Revolving Loans and receiving payments of any applicable amounts in respect of such Revolving Loans at the rate of 50 each. 
 
 Revolving Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Note. 
 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the NYFRB (or a successor administrator). 
 Strategic Transaction means a Change of Control (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement in effect as of the Original Closing Date). 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the NYFRB is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States of America or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 
 2. Revolving Loan . Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Note, each Lender commits to provide Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount at any time outstanding not to exceed its individual Commitment. 
 
 2 

3. Borrowings . Each borrowing, shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to each Lender, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice (whether telephonic or written) must (i) be received by each Lender not later than 12 p.m. (Central time) on that date that is two Business Days (or such shorter period as may be mutually agreed by the parties hereto) prior to the requested date of any such borrowing and (ii) specify the date and principal amount of such borrowing. Each telephonic notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 3 must be confirmed promptly by delivery to each Lender of a written notice, signed by the chief financial officer or chief accounting officer of the Borrower. The Outstanding Amount shall not exceed the sum of Lenders individual Commitments at any time. Each borrowing shall be in a principal amount of 100,000.00 or a whole multiple of 100,000.00 in excess thereof. The Lenders shall fund any borrowing request received in accordance with this Section 3 on a Pro Rata Basis. 
 
 4. Repayment Optional Prepayments . 
 
 (a) Mandatory Repayment . The Borrower shall repay to each Lender the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loan of such Lender, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts payable hereunder, on the earliest of (i) the consummation by the Borrower of any Strategic Transaction, (ii) the refinancing in full and termination of the Existing Credit Agreement and (iii) the fifteenth (15th) month anniversary of the Original Closing Date (the Maturity Date provided , that with respect to clause (iii) , such anniversary date shall be automatically extended for additional three (3) month terms on each subsequent anniversary date, unless the Borrower or any Lender in its sole discretion provides written notice, at least five (5) Business Days prior to such anniversary date, that the maturity of such Revolving Loans shall not be extended. 
 
 (b) Optional Prepayments . The Borrower shall have the right to prepay, at any time and from time to time, a partial portion of the outstanding principal amount hereunder, without premium or penalty. Borrower may prepay, at any time and from time to time upon two (2) Business Days prior written notice to each Lender, the outstanding principal balance of this Note, without fee, premium, or penalty provided , however, that such prepayment also shall include any and all accrued but unpaid interest through and including the date of prepayment, plus any other sums which have become due to such Lender under this Note on or before the date of prepayment but which have not been fully paid (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the Closing Fee (as defined below) which shall not become due until the date that is 180 days after the Original Closing Date in accordance with Section 12). Amounts repaid under this Note shall be available to be re-borrowed prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
 (c) Application of Payments . Except as may be expressly provided in this Note to the contrary, all payments made with respect to this Note shall be applied in the following order of priority (i) the payment or reimbursement of any expenses, costs, or obligations (other than the outstanding principal balance of this Note and accrued but unpaid interest on this Note) for which Borrower shall be obligated to pay or reimburse, as applicable, or to which each Lender shall be entitled pursuant to the provisions of this Note, (ii) the payment of accrued but unpaid interest on this Note, and (iii) the payment of all or any portion of the then-outstanding principal balance of this Note. If an Event of Default exists under this Note, then any Lender may, in its sole and absolute discretion, apply any such payments, at any time and from time to time, to any of the items specified in clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) above without regard to the order of priority otherwise specified in this Section. 
 (d) Rescission of Payments Unconditional Payments . If at any time any payment made by Borrower under this Note is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of Borrower, or for any other reason, Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had never been 
 3 

made. Borrower is obligated to pay all principal, interest, costs, fees, expenses and any other obligations as specified under this Note, absolutely and unconditionally, without any abatement, postponement, diminution, deduction, offset, demand, counterclaim, or recoupment (each of which is hereby waived). Acceptance by any Lender of any payment in an amount less than the amount then due on any obligations shall be deemed an acceptance on account only, notwithstanding any notation on or accompanying such partial payment to the contrary, and shall not in any way (i) waive or excuse the existence of an Event of Default, (ii) waive, impair or extinguish any right or remedy available to such Lender hereunder, or (iii) waive the requirement of punctual payment and performance or constitute a novation in any respect. 
 5. Use of Proceeds . Borrower agrees that no advances under this Note shall be used for personal, family, or household purposes, and that all advances under this Note shall be used solely for business, commercial, investment or other similar purposes and in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Note, and specifically Borrower shall use such proceeds solely and exclusively to provide ongoing working capital and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its subsidiaries. 
 
 6 . Expenses . Borrower shall reimburse each Lender (or other holder of this Note) for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one law firm) incurred by such Lender (or other holder of this Note) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Note, including the negotiation, documentation and execution of this Note and the enforcement of the rights of the Lenders (or other holder of this Note) under this Note. 
 
 7. Place of Payment . All amounts payable hereunder shall be payable to each Lender by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account or accounts designated by such Lender in writing from time to time. All payments shall be made in lawful money of United States and shall include all fees and costs, including any currency exchange costs, applicable to such payments. Payments shall be applied on a Pro Rata Basis between the Lenders. 
 
 8. Interest . 
 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, the Revolving Loans shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof at a rate per annum equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 3.15 . 
 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Revolving Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods, if any), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 
 
 (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Revolving Loan) payable by the Borrower under this Note is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods, if any), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 
 
 (iii) Upon the request of the Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per 
 4 

annum at all times equal to the Default Rate, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws. 
 
 (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 
 (c) Interest on each Revolving Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter occurring prior to the Maturity Date (commencing with the first fiscal quarter ending after the Original Closing Date) and at such other times as may be specified herein, in each case, in cash. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws. 
 
 (d) Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, Borrower and each Lender intend to strictly conform to all applicable usury laws. In no event, whether by reason of demand for payment or acceleration of the maturity of this Note or otherwise, shall the interest contracted for, charged, or received by such Lender under this Note, or otherwise exceed the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws. If, from any circumstance whatsoever, interest would otherwise be payable to a Lender in excess of the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws, the interest payable to such Lender shall be reduced automatically to the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws. If any Lender shall ever receive anything of value deemed interest under applicable laws which would, apart from this paragraph, be in excess of the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws, an amount equal to any amount which would have been excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of the principal amount owing on this Note in the inverse order of its maturity and not to the payment of interest, or if such amount of interest which would have been in excess of the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws exceeds the unpaid principal balance of this Note, such excess amount shall be promptly refunded to Borrower. All interest paid or agreed to be paid pursuant to this Note to any Lender shall, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, be amortized, prorated, allocated, and spread throughout the full stated term of this Note (including any renewal or extension, if applicable) so that the amount of interest on account of such indebtedness does not exceed the maximum interest permitted by applicable laws. 
 10. Commitment Fee . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender a non-use fee on a Pro Rata Basis, equal to 1.00 per annum of the actual daily amount of the total unfunded Commitments of the Lenders during the period from and including the Original Closing Date to the Maturity Date, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower occurring prior to the Maturity Date (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023), and on the Maturity Date. For avoidance of doubt, the non-use fee shall be equal to the total Commitments of the Lenders minus the outstanding principal balance under this Note at any given time, calculated on a daily basis. 
 
 11. Condition Precedent . The effectiveness of this Note is subject to each Lender s receipt of executed counterparts of this Note signed on behalf of the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 12. Closing Fee . On the date that is 180 days after the Original Closing Date (or the next succeeding Business Day if such date is not a Business Day), the Borrower shall pay to each Lender a closing fee in cash in an amount equal to 12 of each Lender s Commitment on the Original Closing Date (the Closing Fee ). 
 
 13. Events of Default . Each of the following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default under this Note 
 5 

(a) Payment Default . Borrower fails to make any payment of (i) principal of the Revolving Loans when due or (ii) interest or other amounts payable within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, in each case, under this Note. 
 
 (b) Other Defaults . Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Note and such failure continues for 30 days after notice thereof by the Lenders to the Borrower. 
 
 (c) Acceleration of the Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement . An event of default under the Existing Credit Agreement that results in the acceleration and termination, as applicable, of the loans, commitments and other obligations in full thereunder. 
 
 (d) Insolvency . The dissolution or termination of Borrower s existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver over any part of Borrower s property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower. 
 
 (e) Continuity of Operations . Borrower ceases operations, liquidates or dissolves. 
 
 (f) Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings . Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any other method, by any creditor of Borrower or any governmental agency, which is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days. However, there shall be no Event of Default under this clause (f) if there is a good faith dispute by Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding. 
 
 14. Lender s Rights . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified herein (after any applicable cure period has expired), the Lenders (or other holders of this Note) may, at their option and without notice or demand, (i) declare the outstanding principal balance of, and accrued but unpaid interest on, this Note at once due and payable, (ii) refuse to advance any additional amounts under this Note , including but not limited to permanently terminating Borrower's ability to borrow under this Note, (iii) pursue any and all other rights, remedies and recourse available to Lender (or other holder of this Note), at law or in equity, or (iv) pursue any combination of the foregoing. 
 15. Waiver . Borrower expressly waives presentment and demand for payment, notice of default, notice of intent to accelerate maturity, notice of acceleration of maturity, protest, notice of protest, notice of dishonor, and all other notices and demands for which waiver is not prohibited by applicable laws, and diligence in the collection of this Note. No delay or omission of Lender in exercising any right under this Note or under applicable laws shall be a waiver of such right or any other right under this Note or applicable laws. 
 16 . Successors and Assigns . This Note may not be assigned or transferred by any Lender to any person or third party without the prior written consent from both Borrower and the other Lender, which shall not be unconditionally withheld, conditioned or delayed. A Lender shall provide Borrower and the other Lender at least 30 days prior notice to any proposed assignment by a Lender of this Note. Borrower may not assign or transfer this Note or any of Borrower s rights under this Note without the prior written consent of Lenders. Subject to the foregoing, this Note and every part hereof shall be binding upon the undersigned and their respective successors and assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Lenders and any of their respective successors and assigns. 
 6 

17. Financial Information . Borrower agrees to furnish such financial information and statements, including financial statements, lists of assets and liabilities, agings of receivables and payables, inventory schedules, budgets, forecasts, tax returns, and other reports, as the Lenders may reasonably request from time to time and only to the extent the same is provided to all lenders under the Existing Credit Agreement in their capacities as such and in the same form provided thereunder. 
 18. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Amendments . THE LENDERS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF DELAWARE, AND THEY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ANY ACTION MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH DELAWARE STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. THE LENDERS AND THE BORROWER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR NATURE IN ANY COURT OR TRIBUNAL IN WHICH AN ACTION MAY BE COMMENCED BY OR AGAINST THE BORROWER ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR BY REASON OF ANY OTHER CAUSE OR DISPUTE WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE BORROWER AND THE LENDERS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE. No delay or failure on the part of the Lenders in the exercise of any right or remedy shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise by the Lenders of any right or remedy shall preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Time is of the essence in respect of the performance of all payment obligations under this Note. The Borrower hereby waives presentment and demand for payment, notice of dishonour, protest and notice of protest of this Note. No modification or waiver of any provision of this Note or consent to departure therefrom shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 (b) Governing Law . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK AND NO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES WILL APPLY TO THIS NOTE. 
 
 (c) Severability . In the event that any provision of this Note would be held in any jurisdiction to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable for any reason, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective, without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Note or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any jurisdiction. 
 
 (d) Counterparts . This Note may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. 
 
 (e) Notice . All notices, demands, requests and other communications required or permitted hereunder, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given and delivered when received, or if earlier and regardless of whether or not actually received, five (5) days after deposit in a regularly maintained receptacle for the United States mail, registered or certified, postage fully prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to Borrower or each Lender, as the case may be, at its address specified below, or at such other address as such party may have specified theretofore by notice delivered in accordance with this section and actually received by the other party. To the extent actual receipt is required, rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was received shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice, demand, request or other communication. 

7 

Addresses for Notice 
 
 Borrower 
 
 Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC 
 4235 Redwood Avenue 
 Los Angeles, CA 90066 
 Attn Tridivesh Kidambi 
 
 Lone Star Friends Trust 
 
 Lone Star Friends Trust 
 c o Stanley Blend, Trustee 
 2301 Broadway St 
 San Antonio, TX 78215 
 
 CEE Holding Trust 
 
 CEE Holdings Trust 
 c o Jackson Hole Trust Company, Trustee 
 Attn Chuck Ursini 
 185 W Broadway, Suite 101 
 Jackson, Wyoming 83001 
 
 (f) Lost Note . Borrower will issue a replacement note in the event of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, upon the request of any Lender after receipt by Borrower of a notarized lost note affidavit in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Borrower. 
 
 (g) INDEMNIFICATION OF LENDER . BORROWER SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD EACH LENDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND LENDER'S SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (EACH SUCH PERSON HEREIN REFERRED TO AS AN INDEMNITEE HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, DAMAGES, OBLIGATIONS OR RELATED EXPENSES INCURRED BY OR IMPOSED UPON OR ALLEGED TO BE DUE OF INDEMNITEE IN CONNECTION WITH (a) THE EXECUTION OR DELIVERY OF THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT, THE PERFORMANCE BY THE PARTIES HERETO OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OR, IN THE CASE OF ANY LENDER, THE ADMINISTRATION OF THIS NOTE, (b) ANY LOAN OR THE USE OF THE PROCEEDS THEREFROM OR (c) ANY ACTUAL OR PROSPECTIVE CLAIM, LITIGATION, INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY BROUGHT BY A THIRD PARTY OR BY THE BORROWER, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY INDEMNITEE IS A PARTY THERETO, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE OR STRICT LIABILITY OF THE INDEMNITEE PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT SUCH INDEMNITY SHALL NOT, AS TO ANY INDEMNITEE, BE AVAILABLE TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, DAMAGES, OBLIGATIONS OR RELATED EXPENSES (i) ARISE FROM CLAIMS OF ANY LENDER SOLELY AGAINST ONE OR MORE LENDERS, (ii) ARE DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED BY A MATERIAL BREACH OF THIS NOTE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SUCH INDEMNITEE OR (iii) RESULT FROM A CLAIM BROUGHT BY BORROWER AGAINST AN INDEMNITEE FOR 
 8 

BREACH IN BAD FAITH OF SUCH INDEMNITEE S OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, IF BORROWER HAS OBTAINED A FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ITS FAVOR ON SUCH CLAIM AS DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION. IN THE EVENT OF COURT ACTION IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH CLAIM OR DEMAND, BORROWER WILL ASSUME, TO THE EXTENT REQUESTED BY LENDER, THE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DEFENSE OF ANY SUCH ACTION AND WILL PROMPTLY SATISFY AND DISCHARGE ANY FINAL DECREE OR JUDGMENT RENDERED THEREIN. EACH LENDER MAY ELECT, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, TO MAKE ANY PAYMENTS SUSTAINED OR INCURRED BY REASON OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND BORROWER WILL PROMPTLY REPAY TO LENDER IN CASH THE AMOUNT OF SUCH PAYMENT. ALL AMOUNTS DUE UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL BE PAID WITHIN THIRTY DAYS OF RECEIPT BY THE BORROWER OF AN INVOICE IN REASONABLE DETAIL AND ANY PAYMENT RECEIVED AFTER SUCH THIRTY DAY PERIOD SHALL ACCRUE INTEREST AT THE DEFAULT RATE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EACH LENDER SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO REFNUD OR RETURN ANY AND ALL AMOUNTS PAID BY THE BORROWER UNDER THIS SECTION TO SUCH LENDER FOR ANY CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, DAMAGES, OBLIGATIONS OR RELATED EXPENSES TO THE EXTENT SUCH LENDER IS DETERMINED NOT TO BE ENTITLED TO PAYMENT OF SUCH AMOUNTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS HEREOF. 
 
 THIS NOTE REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. 
 
 THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank signature page follows. 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have executed this Note as of the date first written above 
 
 BORROWER 

ORCHID MERGER SUB II, LLC , 
 A DELAWARE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

By _ s Tridivesh Kidambi_______ 
 Name _____________________ 
 Title ___CFO________________ 

LENDERS 

__ S STANLEY BLEND_____________ 
 STANLEY BLEND , 
 as Trustee of the LONE STAR FRIENDS TRUST 

Jackson Hole Trust Company 
 as Trustee of the CEE HOLDING TRUST 
 
 By _ s Brittany Gale _____________ 
 Name 
 Title Trust Officer 

Revolving Note 

Schedule I 
 Commitments 
 
 Lender Commitment Percentage Commitment Lone Star Friends Trust 50.00 10,000,000 CEE Holding Trust 50.00 10,000,000 Total 100.00 20,000,000 

11 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.12>
 5
 system1-ex1012tridiemploym.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 Exhibit 10.12 

 OPENMAIL LLC 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dear Tridi, 
 
 We are thrilled to offer you the following position at OpenMail, and look forward to having you join the team! The below is our formal offer of employment to join the Company. 
 
 In consideration of the compensation, benefits and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which you and OpenMail LLC a Delaware corporation (the Company hereby acknowledge, you and the Company hereby enter into this letter agreement (the Agreement as of October 4, 2016 (the Effective Date 
 
 1. POSITIONS, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES. The Company will employ you, and you agree to be employed by the Company, as Chief Financial Officer (Position), and you shall perform such employment duties as are usual and customary for such position, as the Company may assign you from time to time. 
 
 While employed by the Company, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to serving the Company in such position. Your duties may be changed from time to time by the Company. You will work full-time at our offices located in Venice, California, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. 
 
 If the Company so requests, in its reasonable discretion, you will serve the Company, its subsidiaries and or affiliates in other capacities in addition to the foregoing. In the event that you serve in any one or more of such additional capacities, the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase your compensation on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement. 
 
 2. BASE COMPENSATION. During your full-time employment with the Company beginning, the Company will pay you a base salary (the Base Salary of 250,000.00 per year, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, plus, all payments due to you as a Class B and Class B-1 Member, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Your Base Salary may be subject to adjustment, in the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to the Company's policies as in effect from time to time. You also will receive a one-time signing bonus of 21,000 . 
 
 3. BENEFITS AND VACATIONS. While employed by the Company, you will be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans and programs maintained or sponsored by the Company from time to time which are applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. While employed by the Company, you will also be eligible for standard benefits, such as medical insurance, sick leave, vacations and holidays to the extent applicable generally to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed so as to, obligate the Company to adopt or maintain any benefit plan or program at any time. 
 1 

4. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. You will be employed by the Company hereunder as an employee at will, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your employment with the Company will not continue for any fixed or guaranteed period of time. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. 
 
 5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE & TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYEE WITHOUT GOOD REASON. In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for cause or you terminate your employment with the Company without good reason, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. The Company shall have no further obligations to you upon your termination of employment for cause. 
 
 For purposes of this Section, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
 
 (i) the Executive s failure (other than due to Disability) to materially comply with written Company policies generally applicable to Company officers or employees or any directive of the Board that is reasonably achievable, that is not inconsistent with the Executive s position as Chief Technology Officer or the fulfillment of the Executive s fiduciary duties and that is not otherwise prohibited by law or established public policy 
 
 (ii) the Executive s engagement in willful misconduct against the Company that is materially injurious to the Company 
 
 (iii) the Executive s engagement in any activity that is a conflict of interest or competitive with the Company (other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is promptly remedied by the Executive upon notice by the CEO) 
 
 (iv) the Executive s engagement in any act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its Affiliates or any material breach of federal or state securities or commodities laws or regulations 
 
 (v) the Executive s engagement in an act of assault or other act of violence in the workplace or 
 
 (vi) the Executive s conviction, guilty plea or plea of nolo contendre for any felony charge. 
 
 2 

For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Manager of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
 
 6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON. In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. Further, you shall be entitled to 3 months of additional salary, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Further, you and your family shall be entitled to receive 6 months of medical insurance, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. 
 
 7. DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT. In connection with the Company's entering into this Agreement and in further consideration hereof, you hereby agree to execute, simultaneously with this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, a Confidential Information and Development Agreement in the form provided by the Company. 
 
 8. COMPANY RULES AND REGULATIONS. As an employee of the Company, you agree to abide by all lawful Company policies, procedures, rules and regulations as may be set forth in a Company employee handbook or as otherwise promulgated by the Company. 
 
 9. WITHHOLDING. The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 10. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or otherwise arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by you and the Company or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA) in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 11 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 11. 
 
 11. REPRESENTATIONS. 
 
 a. No Violation of Other Agreements. You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that (i) you are fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement 
 3 

and that the performance of your obligations hereunder will not violate any agreement between you and any other person, frrm, organization or other entity, and (ii) you are 
 4 

not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party that would be violated by your entering into this Agreement and or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 b. No Disclosure of Confidential Information. You hereby represent that your performance of your duties under this Agreement will not require you to, and you shall not, rely on in the performance of your duties or disclose to the Company or any other person or entity or induce the Company in any way to use or rely on any trade secret or other confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of your previous employers. 
 
 12. SEVERABILITY. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be reformed, construed and enforced so as to render it valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. 
 
 13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. You hereby acknowledge (a) that you have consulted with or have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of your own choice concerning this Agreement, and have been advised to do so by the Company, and (b) that you have read and understand this Agreement, are fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on your own judgment. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 5 

Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this Agreement in the space provided below for your signature and returning it to the Company Please retain one fully executed original for your files. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 Signature s Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Name Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Date September 19, 2016 

OPENMAIL 
 Signature 
 Name Charles Ursini 
 Title CEO 
 Date 

6 

7 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 6
 system1-ex1013bethsestanov.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

 OPENMAIL LLC 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 Dear Beth, 
 We are thrilled to offer you the following position at OpenMail, and look forward to having you join the team! The below is our formal offer of employment to join the Company. 
 In consideration of the compensation, benefits and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which you and OpenMail LLC a Delaware corporation (the Company hereby acknowledge, you and the Company hereby enter into this letter agreement (the Agreement as of September 1, 2016 (the Effective Date 
 1. POSITIONS, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES . The Company will employ you, and you agree to be employed by the Company, as Chief Operating Officer (Position), and you shall perform such employment duties as are usual and customary for such position, as the Company may assign you from time to time. 
 While employed by the Company, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to serving the Company in such position. Your duties may be changed from time to time by the Company. You will work full-time at our offices located in Venice, California, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. 
 If the Company so requests, in its reasonable discretion, you will serve the Company, its subsidiaries and or affiliates in other capacities in addition to the foregoing. In the event that you serve in any one or more of such additional capacities, the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase your compensation on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement. 
 2. BASE COMPENSATION . During your full-time employment with the Company beginning, the Company will pay you a base salary (the Base Salary of 250,000.00 per year, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, plus, all payments due to him as a Class B Member, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Your Base Salary may be subject to adjustment, in the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. 
 3. BENEFITS AND VACATIONS . While employed by the Company, you will be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans and programs maintained or sponsored by the Company from time to time which are applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. While employed by the Company, you will also be eligible for standard benefits, such as medical insurance, sick leave, vacations and holidays to the extent applicable generally to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed so as to, obligate the Company to adopt or maintain any benefit plan or program at any time. 
 4. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT . You will be employed by the Company hereunder as an employee at will, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your employment with the Company will not continue for any fixed or guaranteed period of time. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. 
 1 
 US-DOCS 142227594.1 

5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE & TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYEE WITHOUT GOOD REASON . In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for cause or you terminate your employment with the Company without good reason, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. The Company shall have no further obligations to you upon your termination of employment for cause. 
 For purposes of this Section, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
 (A) the Executive s failure (other than due to Disability) to materially comply with written Company policies generally applicable to Company officers or employees or any directive of the Board that is reasonably achievable, that is not inconsistent with the Executive s position as Chief Technology Officer or the fulfillment of the Executive s fiduciary duties and that is not otherwise prohibited by law or established public policy 
 (B) the Executive s engagement in willful misconduct against the Company that is materially injurious to the Company 
 (C) the Executive s engagement in any activity that is a conflict of interest or competitive with the Company (other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is promptly remedied by the Executive upon notice by the CEO) 
 (D) the Executive s engagement in any act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its Affiliates or any material breach of federal or state securities or commodities laws or regulations 
 (E) the Executive s engagement in an act of assault or other act of violence in the workplace or 
 (F) the Executive s conviction, guilty plea or plea of nolo contendre for any felony charge. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Manager of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
 6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON . In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. Further, you shall be entitled to 6 months of additional salary, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and pro- rated for any partial period of service. Further, you and your family shall be entitled to receive 6 months of medical insurance, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. 
 7. DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT . In connection with the Company s entering into this Agreement and in further consideration hereof, you hereby agree to execute, simultaneously 
 2 
 US-DOCS 142227594.1 

with this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, a Confidential Information and Development Agreement in the form provided by the Company. 
 8. COMPANY RULES AND REGULATIONS . As an employee of the Company, you agree to abide by all lawful Company policies, procedures, rules and regulations as may be set forth in a Company employee handbook or as otherwise promulgated by the Company. 
 9. WITHHOLDING . The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 10. ARBITRATION . Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or otherwise arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by you and the Company or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 11 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 11. 
 11. REPRESENTATIONS . 
 a. No Violation of Other Agreements . You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that (i) you are fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of your obligations hereunder will not violate any agreement between you and any other person, frrm, organization or other entity, and (ii) you are not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party that would be violated by your entering into this Agreement and or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 b. No Disclosure of Confidential Information . You hereby represent that your performance of your duties under this Agreement will not require you to, and you shall not, rely on in the performance of your duties or disclose to the Company or any other person or entity or induce the Company in any way to use or rely on any trade secret or other confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of your previous employers. 
 12. SEVERABILITY . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be reformed, construed and enforced so as to render it valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. 
 13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You hereby acknowledge (a) that you have consulted with or have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of your own choice concerning this Agreement, and have been advised to do so by the Company, and (b) that you have read and 
 3 
 US-DOCS 142227594.1 

understand this Agreement, are fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on your own judgment. 
 Signature Page Follows 

4 
 US-DOCS 142227594.1 

Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this Agreement in the space provided below for your signature and returning it to the Company Please retain one fully executed original for your files. 
 EMPLOYEE 

Signature s Beth Sestanovich 
 Name Beth Sestanovich 
 Date August 28, 2016 

OPENMAIL 

Signature s Charles Ursini 
 Name Charles Ursini 
 Title CEO 
 Date August 28, 2016 
 
 5 
 US-DOCS 142227594.1 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 7
 system1-ex1014briancemploy.htm
 EX-10.14

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

OPENMAIL LLC 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 Dear Brian, 
 We are thrilled to offer you the following position at OpenMail, and look forward to having you join the team! The below is our formal offer of employment to join the Company. 
 In consideration of the compensation, benefits and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which you and OpenMail LLC a Delaware corporation (the Company hereby acknowledge, you and the Company hereby enter into this letter agreement (the Agreement as of September 15, 2015 (the Effective Date ). 
 1. POSITIONS, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES . The Company will employ you, and you agree to be employed by the Company, as VP of Product (Position), and you shall perform such employment duties as are usual and customary for such position, as the Company may assign you from time to time. 
 While employed by the Company, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to serving the Company in such position. Your duties may be changed from time to time by the Company. You will work full-time at our offices located in Venice, California, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. 
 If the Company so requests, in its reasonable discretion, you will serve the Company, its subsidiaries and or affiliates in other capacities in addition to the foregoing. In the event that you serve in any one or more of such additional capacities, the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase your compensation on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement. 
 2. BASE COMPENSATION . During your full-time employment with the Company beginning, the Company will pay you a base salary (the Base Salary of 200,000.00 per year, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, plus bonus at the sole discretion of the Company, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Your Base Salary may be subject to adjustment, in the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to the Company s policies as in effect from time to time. Your bonus target shall be 40 (forty percent) of your Base Salary and shall be offset by any distributions your receive pursuant to your ownership of Membership Units in the Company. 
 3. BENEFITS AND VACATIONS . While employed by the Company, you will be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans and programs maintained or sponsored by the Company from time to time which are applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. While employed by the Company, you will also be eligible for standard benefits, such as medical insurance, sick leave, vacations and holidays to the extent applicable generally to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed so as to, obligate the Company to adopt or maintain any benefit plan or program at any time. 
 4. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT . You will be employed by the Company hereunder as an employee at will, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your employment with the Company will not continue for any fixed or guaranteed period of time. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. Likewise, the 

Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. 
 5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT . In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by you or the Company, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. The Company shall have no further obligations to you upon your termination of employment. 
 6. DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT . In connection with the Company s entering into this Agreement and in further consideration hereof, you hereby agree to execute, simultaneously with this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, a Confidential Information and Development Agreement in the form provided by the Company. 
 7. COMPANY RULES AND REGULATIONS . As an employee of the Company, you agree to abide by all lawful Company policies, procedures, rules and regulations as may be set forth in a Company employee handbook or as otherwise promulgated by the Company. 
 8. WITHHOLDING . The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 9. ARBITRATION . Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or otherwise arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by you and the Company or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 11 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 11. 
 10. REPRESENTATIONS . 
 a. No Violation of Other Agreements . You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that (i) you are fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of your obligations hereunder will not violate any agreement between you and any other person, frrm, organization or other entity, and (ii) you are not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party that would be violated by your entering into this Agreement and or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 b. No Disclosure of Confidential Information . You hereby represent that your performance of your duties under this Agreement will not require you to, and you shall not, rely on in the performance of your duties or disclose to the Company or any other 
 2 
 
 US-DOCS 142227555.1 

person or entity or induce the Company in any way to use or rely on any trade secret or other confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of your previous employers. 
 11. SEVERABILITY . Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be reformed, construed and enforced so as to render it valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. 
 12. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You hereby acknowledge (a) that you have consulted with or have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of your own choice concerning this Agreement, and have been advised to do so by the Company, and (b) that you have read and understand this Agreement, are fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on your own judgment. 
 Signature Page Follows 

3 
 
 US-DOCS 142227555.1 

Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this Agreement in the space provided below for your signature and returning it to the Company Please retain one fully executed original for your files. 
 EMPLOYEE 
 Signature s Brian Coppola 
 Name Brian Coppola 
 Date September 15, 2015 
 OPENMAIL 
 Signature 
 Name Charles Ursini 
 Title CEO 
 Date 
 4 
 
 US-DOCS 142227555.1 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 8
 system1-ex1015danielweinro.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

Dear Daniel, 
 
 We are thrilled to offer you the following position at Sysetm1 LLC, and look forward to having you join the team! The below is our formal offer of employment to join the Company. 
 
 In consideration of the compensation, benefits and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the adequacy of which you and System1 LLC a Delaware corporation (the Company hereby acknowledge, you and the Company hereby enter into this letter agreement (the Agreement as of Monday, January 29, 2018 (the Effective Date 
 
 1. POSITIONS, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES. The Company will employ you, and you agree to be employed by the Company, as General Counsel and you shall perform such employment duties as are usual and customary for such position, as the Company may assign you from time to time. 
 
 While employed by the Company, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to serving the Company in such position. The Company may change your duties from time to time. You will work full-time at our offices located in Venice, California, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. 
 
 If the Company so requests, in its reasonable discretion, you will serve the Company, its subsidiaries and or affiliates in other capacities in addition to the foregoing. In the event that you serve in any one or more of such additional capacities, the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase your compensation on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement. 
 
 2. BASE COMPENSATION. During your full-time employment with the Company beginning, the Company will pay you a base salary (the Base Salary of 250,000 per year, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, plus, all payments due to him as a Class B Member, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Your Base Salary may be subject to adjustment, in the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to the Company's policies as in effect from time to time. 
 
 During your employment, you will also be eligible to participate in a performance based bonus programs that is established by the Company. Your bonus target will be 25 of your annual salary paid annually and will be linked to key company performance metrics as determined by the Company in its sole discretion but your actual bonus for the year (if earned) may be higher or lower than this target depending on the attainment of the applicable performance goals. 
 
 In addition to the above compensation, the officers of the Company will recommend to its Board of Directors that you receive 15,000 System1 Value Creation Units VCUs ). The grant will be effective on the date of Board approval. The VCUs will vest over four years with a first year cliff, and the vesting will start on your hire date. Once approved, you will receive an agreement that specifies all of the terms of the grant. 

In addition to the above compensation, OpenMail LLC will offer you a grant of 20,000 B units. The grant will be effective on your date of hire. The B Units will also vest over four years with a first year cliff, and the vesting will start on your hire date. Once the employment agreement is accepted, you will receive an agreement that specifies all of the terms of the grant. 
 
 3. BENEFITS AND VACATIONS. While employed by the Company, you will be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans and programs maintained or sponsored by the Company from time to time which are applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. While employed by the Company, you will also be eligible for standard benefits, such as medical insurance, sick leave, vacations and holidays to the extent applicable generally to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed so as to, obligate the Company to adopt or maintain any benefit plan or program at any time. 
 
 4. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. You will be employed by the Company hereunder as an employee at will, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your employment with the Company will not continue for any fixed or guaranteed period of time. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. 
 
 5. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE & TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYEE WITHOUT GOOD REASON. In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for cause or you terminate your employment with the Company without good reason, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. The Company shall have no further obligations to you upon your termination of employment for cause. 
 
 For purposes of this Section, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
 
 (i) the Executive s failure (other than due to Disability) to materially comply with written Company policies generally applicable to Company officers or employees or any directive of the Board that is reasonably achievable, that is not inconsistent with the Executive s position as General Counsel or the fulfillment of the Executive s fiduciary duties and that is not otherwise prohibited by law or established public policy 
 
 (ii) the Executive s engagement in willful misconduct against the Company that is materially injurious to the Company 
 
 (iii) the Executive s engagement in any activity that is a conflict of interest or competitive with the Company (other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is promptly remedied by the Executive upon notice by the CEO) 
 2 

(iv) the Executive s engagement in any act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its Affiliates or any material breach of federal or state securities or commodities laws or regulations 
 
 (v) the Executive s engagement in an act of assault or other act of violence in the workplace or 
 
 (vi) the Executive s conviction, guilty plea or plea of nolo contendre for any felony charge. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Manager of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
 
 6. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON. In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without cause, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. Further, you shall be entitled to 3 months of additional salary, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Further, you and your family shall be entitled to receive 6 months of medical insurance , subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. 
 
 7. DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT. In connection with the Company's entering into this Agreement and in further consideration hereof, you hereby agree to execute, simultaneously with this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, a Confidentiality Information and Development Agreement in the form provided by the Company. 
 
 8. COMPANY RULES AND REGULATIONS. As an employee of the Company, you agree to abide by all lawful Company policies, procedures, rules and regulations as may be set forth in a Company employee handbook or as otherwise promulgated by the Company. 
 
 9. WITHHOLDING. The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 10. ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or otherwise arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by you and the Company or, in the absence of such an 
 3 

agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA) in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 11 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 11 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 11. 
 
 11. REPRESENTATIONS. 
 
 a. No Violation of Other Agreements. You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that (i) you are fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of your obligations hereunder will not violate any agreement between you and any other person, firm, organization or other entity, and (ii) you are not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party that would be violated by your entering into this Agreement and or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 b. No Disclosure of Confidential Information. You hereby represent that your performance of your duties under this Agreement will not require you to, and you shall not, rely on in the performance of your duties or disclose to the Company or any other person or entity or induce the Company in any way to use or rely on any trade secret or other confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of your previous employers. 
 
 12. SEVERABILITY. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be reformed, construed and enforced so as to render it valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. 
 
 13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. You hereby acknowledge (a) that you have consulted with or have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of your own choice concerning this Agreement, and have been advised to do so by the Company, and (b) that you have read and understand this Agreement, are fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on your own judgment. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 4 

Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and dating the enclosed duplicate original of this Agreement in the space provided below for your signature and returning it to the Company Please retain one fully executed original for your files. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 Signature s Daniel Weinrot 
 
 Name Daniel Weinrot 
 Date February 7, 2018 

System1 LLC 
 Signature s Beth Sestanovich 
 
 Name Beth Sestanovich 
 Title Chief Operating Officer 
 Date February 8, 2018 

5 

6 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 9
 system1-ex1016executiveemp.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 Dear Jennifer, 
 
 I am thrilled to offer you (the Executive the following position at System1. Everyone who met you had great things to say, and we all look forward to having you join the team! The below is our formal offer of employment to join System1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ). 
 
 In consideration of the compensation, benefits and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, you and the Company hereby enter into this employment offer letter agreement (the Agreement as of May 2, 2021 (the Effective Date with an anticipated start date of May 17, 2021 Start Date ). 
 
 POSITIONS, DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES. The Company will employ you, and you agree to be employed by the Company, as Chief Technology Officer and you shall perform such employment duties as are usual and customary for such position, as the Company may assign you from time to time. 
 
 While employed by the Company, you agree to devote your full business time and attention to serving the Company in such position. The Company may change your duties from time to time. You will work full-time at our offices located in Marina del Rey, California, except for travel to other locations as may be necessary to fulfill your responsibilities. Please note that we anticipate System1 will be moving to a flex schedule with 2 or 3 days per week in the office. 
 
 If the Company so requests, in its reasonable discretion, you will serve the Company, its subsidiaries and or affiliates in other capacities in addition to the foregoing. In the event that you serve in any one or more of such additional capacities, the Company may, in its sole discretion, increase your compensation on account of such additional service beyond that specified in this Agreement. 
 
 BASE COMPENSATION. During your full-time employment with the Company, the Company will pay you a base salary (the Base Salary of 300,000 per year, less payroll deductions and all required withholdings, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices and pro-rated for any partial period of service. Your Base Salary may be subject to adjustment, in the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to the Company's policies as in effect from time to time. 
 
 During your employment, you will also be eligible to participate in a performance-based bonus programs that is established by the Company. Your bonus target will be 40 of your annual Base Salary Bonus Target paid annually and will be linked to key company performance metrics as determined by the Company in its sole discretion but your actual bonus for the year (if earned) may be higher or lower than this target depending on the attainment of the applicable performance goals. 

In addition to your performance-based bonus, you shall receive a single lump-sum cash payment of 80,000 , payable at the same time as your first regularly scheduled Company paycheck, subject to and conditioned upon your continued employment through the payment date (the Signing Bonus ). If your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined below) or by you other than for Good Reason (as defined below), in either case within 6 months of the Effective Date, you will repay the Company the full amount of the Signing Bonus, and the Company will be entitled (but not required) to deduct the amount of any such repayment obligations from any amounts otherwise payable to Executive by the Company or any of its affiliates. If your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by you other than for Good Reason, in either case following the 6 month anniversary following the Effective Date but on or before the 12 month anniversary of the Effective Date, you will repay the Company a pro-rated amount of the Signing Bonus determined by multiplying the Signing Bonus by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that you were employed by the Company and the denominator of which is 365, and the Company will be entitled (but not required) to deduct the amount of any such repayment obligations from any amounts otherwise payable to Executive by the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 
 In addition to the above compensation, the officers of the Company will recommend to its Board of Directors that you receive a grant award (the VCU Grant of 100,000 Value Creation Units VCUs to be granted and issued under the System1 2017 Value Creation Unit Plan (the Plan ). The VCU Grant will be effective on the date of Board approval provided that the VCUs will vest over four years with a one -year cliff with respect to twenty-five (25 of the VCU Grant, and quarterly thereafter in twelve (12) substantially equal installments with respect to the remaining seventy-five (75 of the VCU Grant. The vesting of the VCU will commence as of the Effective Date. Once approved, you will receive a VCU award agreement that specifies all of the terms of the VCU Grant in accordance with the Plan. 
 
 BENEFITS AND VACATIONS. While employed by the Company, you will be eligible to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans and programs maintained or sponsored by the Company from time to time which are applicable to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions thereof. While employed by the Company, you will also be eligible for standard benefits, such as medical insurance, sick leave, vacations and holidays to the extent applicable generally to other similarly situated employees of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs. Nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed so as to, obligate the Company to adopt or maintain any benefit plan or program at any time. 
 
 AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT. You will be employed by the Company hereunder as an employee at will, subject to the terms of this Agreement. Your employment with the Company will not continue for any fixed or guaranteed period of time. Accordingly, you may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without notice. 

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE & TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYEE WITHOUT GOOD REASON. 
 In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause or you terminate your employment with the Company without Good Reason, you shall be 
 2 

entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. The Company shall have no further obligations to you upon your termination of employment for Cause or if you terminate your employment with the Company without Good Reason. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
 
 (i) the Executive s failure (other than due to disability) to materially comply with written Company policies generally applicable to Company officers or employees or any directive of the Board that is reasonably achievable, that is not inconsistent with the Executive s position as Chief Technology Officer or the fulfillment of the Executive s fiduciary duties and that is not otherwise prohibited by law or established public policy, provided that the Company give notice to Executive of such failure and Executive does not to cure such failure to the reasonable satisfaction of Company within 15 days of receipt of such notice 
 
 (ii) the Executive s engagement in willful misconduct against the Company that is materially injurious to the Company 
 
 (iii) the Executive s engagement in any activity that is a conflict of interest or competitive with the Company (other than any action not taken in bad faith and which is promptly remedied by the Executive upon notice by the CEO) 
 
 (iv) the Executive s engagement in any act of fraud or dishonesty against the Company or any of its affiliates or any material breach of federal or state securities or commodities laws or regulations 
 
 (v) the Executive s engagement in an act of assault or other act of violence in the workplace or 
 
 (vi) the Executive s conviction, guilty plea or plea of nolo contendre for any felony charge. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, no act or failure to act, on the part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Manager of the Company or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company shall be presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 
 3 

For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events without Executive s prior written consent, unless the Company fully corrects the circumstances constituting Good Reason as provided below 
 
 (i) a demotion or material diminution of Executive s position, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than any insubstantial action not taken in bad faith and which is promptly remedied by the Company upon notice by Executive), including a change in the Executive s reporting structure in which Executive is no longer reporting directly to the Company s President or CEO provided that Good Reason does not include a change in title, authority, duties and or responsibilities following a change in control if (A) Executive s new title is that of a senior officer of the entity surviving such change in control (or, if applicable, its parent company if such entity has a parent company) reporting directly to the CEO or Chief Operating Officer COO of the entity surviving such change in control (or, if applicable, its parent company, if such entity has a parent company), and Executive s authority, duties and responsibilities are commensurate with such title or (B) (1) the entity surviving such change in control (or, if applicable, its parent company if such entity has a parent company) continues to operate the Company s principal businesses as a separate unit, division or subsidiary or combines the Company s principal businesses with one of its existing units, divisions or subsidiaries and (2) Executive s new title is that of a senior officer of such unit, division or subsidiary reporting directly to the CEO, President or COO of such unit, division or subsidiary (or to an executive officer of the entity surviving the change in control or parent company thereof) and (in either case), Executive s authority, duties and responsibilities are commensurate with such title and similar in scope (with respect to such unit, division or subsidiary) to the authority, duties and responsibilities of Executive prior to the change in control 
 
 (ii) a requirement that Executive report to work more than twenty (20) miles from the Company s current principal location (not including normal business travel required of Executive s position) or, to the extent such requirement would not constitute a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services under this Agreement within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), such higher number of miles from the Company s principal location as would constitute a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform services under this Agreement within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code or 
 
 (ii) a reduction in Executive s Base Salary and Bonus Target or 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive will not be deemed to have resigned for Good Reason unless (1) Executive provides the Company with written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed by Executive to constitute Good Reason within sixty (60) days after the date of the occurrence of any event that Executive knows or should reasonably have known to constitute Good Reason, (2) the Company fails to cure such acts or omissions within thirty (30) days following its receipt of such notice, and (3) the effective date of Executive s termination for Good Reason occurs no later than sixty (60) days after the expiration of the Company s cure period. 
 
 TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT BY COMPANY WITHOUT CAUSE OR TERMINATION BY EMPLOYEE FOR GOOD REASON. In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate 
 4 

your employment with the Company for Good Reason, you shall be entitled to receive any compensation and benefits that you have accrued, but not received payment for, through the date of such termination. Further, in connection with your delivery and non-revocation of a full release of any claims that you may have in favor of the Company, you shall be entitled to (i) 6 months of additional Base Salary, payable in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices, (ii) receive up to 6 months of medical insurance (i.e. COBRA coverage), subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Company plans or programs and (iii) acceleration of a number of awards under the VCU Grant equal to the lesser of (x) the remaining amount of then unvested awards under the VCU Grant or (y) twenty-five percent (25 of total VCU Grant granted to the Executive, shall immediately vest on the date of termination. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause or you terminate your employment with the Company for Good Reason, in each case within six (6) months of a change in control provided that a change of control shall not include any transaction entered into by the Company or its affiliates with a blank-check company or a special purpose acquisition company within twelve (12) months of the Effective Date shall not constitute a change of control), in lieu of the benefit contemplated in clause (iii) above, you shall be entitled to acceleration of the remaining amount of then unvested awards under the VCU Grant. 
 
 DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT. In connection with the Company's entering into this Agreement and in further consideration hereof, you hereby agree to execute, simultaneously with this Agreement or as soon as practicable thereafter, a Confidentiality Information and Development Agreement in the form provided by the Company. 
 
 COMPANY RULES AND REGULATIONS. As an employee of the Company, you agree to abide by all lawful Company policies, procedures, rules and regulations as may be set forth in a Company employee handbook or as otherwise promulgated by the Company. 
 
 WITHHOLDING. The Company shall withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 
 ARBITRATION. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or otherwise arising out of your employment relationship with the Company or the termination thereof, shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by you and the Company or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association AAA in Los Angeles, California, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. 
 5 

Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Arbitration Section shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Arbitration Section shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate provided that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Arbitration Section. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS. 
 
 No Violation of Other Agreements. You hereby represent and warrant to the Company that (i) you are fully authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement and that the performance of your obligations hereunder will not violate any agreement between you and any other person, firm, organization or other entity, and (ii) you are not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party to refrain from competing, directly or indirectly, with the business of such previous employer or other party that would be violated by your entering into this Agreement and or providing services to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 No Disclosure of Confidential Information. You hereby represent that your performance of your duties under this Agreement will not require you to, and you shall not, rely on in the performance of your duties or disclose to the Company or any other person or entity or induce the Company in any way to use or rely on any trade secret or other confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any of your previous employers. 
 
 SEVERABILITY. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of this Agreement, but such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be reformed, construed and enforced so as to render it valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. You hereby acknowledge (a) that you have consulted with or have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of your own choice concerning this Agreement, and have been advised to do so by the Company, and (b) that you have read and understand this Agreement, are fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on your own judgment. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Page Follows 
 
 6 

Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and dating this Agreement in the space provided below for your signature via DocuSign or other e-signature platform. Please retain one fully executed original for your files. 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 Signature s Jennifer Robinson 
 
 Name Jennifer Robinson 
 Date May 2, 2021 

SYSTEM1, LLC 
 
 Signature s Michael Blend 
 
 Name Michael Blend 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Date May 2, 2021 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.18>
 10
 firstamendmenttoconditiona.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 Execution Version 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
 CONDITIONAL CONSENT, WAIVER AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 June 1, 2023 
 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain 
 
 (a) Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2021, by and among System1 Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Trebia Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company, System1 ), S1 Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, System1 Midco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, System1 S1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OpenMail LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Orchid Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of System1, Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Orchid Finco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, CSC III System1 Blocker Inc., a Delaware corporation, CSC (Offshore) III System1 Blocker, Inc., a Delaware corporation, CSC III-A System1 Blocker, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Court Square Capital Partners III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Court Square Capital Partners (Offshore) III, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership, Court Square Capital Partners IIIA, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Court Square Capital GP III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Court Square Capital Partners (Executive) III, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, System1 SS Protect Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Persons listed on Exhibit L to the BCA, Trasimene Trebia, LP, BGPT Trebia LP and the Persons listed on Exhibit J to the BCA (collectively, as amended pursuant to the terms of the BCA, the BCA Parties ), as amended by (i) Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated November 30, 2021, by and among the BCA Parties, (ii) Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated January 10, 2022, by and among the BCA Parties, and (iii) Amendment No. 3 thereto, dated January 25, 2022, by and among the BCA Parties (such Business Combination Agreement, as amended and together with any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, the BCA 
 
 (b) the Conditional Consent Waiver and Acknowledgement, dated August 30, 2022 (the Conditional Consent Effective Date ), among System1, Protected.net Group Ltd., a private company organized under the laws of England & Wales Protected ), Christopher Phillips, an individual, and Just Develop It Limited, a private company organized under the laws of England & Wales JDI or the Year 3 Bonus Recipient (the Conditional Consent ), as amended by the Waiver to the Conditional Consent, dated May 29, 2023 (the Waiver and 
 
 (c) a bonus allocation letter dated August 30, 2022 signed by Christopher Phillips and delivered to System1 in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.11(a) of the BCA (the Year 3 Bonus Allocation Letter ). 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this First Amendment to the Conditional Consent (the First Amendment will have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the BCA or the Conditional Consent (as applicable). 
 
 Pursuant to the Conditional Consent, System1, Protected and the Year 3 Bonus Recipient agreed (i) that the 2023 Earnout Threshold under Section 12.11(a) of the BCA was deemed satisfied and (ii) to convert the Year 3 Stock Bonus Pool into a Bonus Pool consisting of four (4) 10.0 million cash payments totaling 40.0 million payable in quarterly installments (consisting of each of the Initial Bonus Pool, the Second Bonus 

Pool, the Third Bonus Pool and the Fourth Bonus Pool), commencing on the Conditional Consent Effective Date and each three (3) month quarterly anniversary thereof. 
 
 The parties hereto (i) desire to enter into this First Amendment to amend the terms and conditions regarding the remaining Fourth Bonus Pool payable under the Conditional Consent (as amended by the Waiver) and (ii) agree that the Person(s) now listed on Exhibit A attached hereto (the Year 3 Bonus Recipients are, as of the execution of this First Amendment, each entitled to their respective share of the Fourth Bonus Pool (as such Fourth Bonus Pool is adjusted as set forth herein). JDI and Protected hereby agree that each of the Year 3 Bonus Recipients shall continue to be deemed to be the Year 3 Eligible Recipients, as such term is used in the BCA, and no other Persons shall be deemed to be Year 3 Eligible Recipients or eligible for any payments pursuant to Section 12.11(a) of the BCA or Section 2 of the Conditional Consent. In accordance with Section 15.01 of the BCA, (i) the undersigned Year 3 Bonus Recipients, Protected and Christopher Phillips previously conditionally waived System1 s obligations under Section 12.11(a) of the BCA to pay each Year 3 Eligible Recipient their respective share of the Year 3 Stock Bonus Pool, pursuant to the terms thereof, and (ii) subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions, the undersigned Year 3 Bonus Recipients, Protected and Christopher Phillips hereby amend System1 s obligations under Section 2 of the Conditional Consent to pay each Year 3 Eligible Recipient with respect to amounts payable under the Fourth Bonus Pool on the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 
 1. System1 shall make the Fourth Bonus Pool payments (as amended by the Waiver) to each of the undersigned Year 3 Bonus Recipients (the aggregate amount of such amended cash Fourth Bonus Pool payments to be paid to all Year 3 Bonus Recipients, the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool on the dates and in the amounts set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto, subject to applicable tax withholding (if any) and Section 3.08 of the BCA, provided that the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool shall not exceed 20,000,000 
 
 2. System1 shall make the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payments to the undersigned Year 3 Bonus Recipients commencing on May 30, 2023 (which the parties hereto agree has been paid) in the amounts and on the dates set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto(the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates ), which payments on each of the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates shall be allocated to Year 3 Bonus Recipients in the amounts set forth thereon, subject to applicable tax withholding (if any) and Section 3.08 of the BCA provided that (a) the aggregate amount of all cash payments by System1 in connection with the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool pursuant to this Conditional Consent shall not exceed 20,000,000, and (b) System1 will not be required to make any payments pursuant to this First Amendment on any of the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates, as applicable, if any of Christopher Phillips or Nick Baker has, as of any such Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates, voluntarily resigned as a System1 Service Provider (other than a resignation for good reason or been terminated as a System1 Service Provider for Cause. For the avoidance of doubt, if any of Christopher Phillips or Nick Baker voluntarily resigns as a System1 Service Provider (other than resigns for good reason or is terminated as a System1 Service Provider for Cause, none of System1, Protected or any of their Affiliates will have any obligations to make any then unpaid Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payments hereunder. 
 
 3. Each of Christopher Phillips and Nicholas Baker have executed an employment agreement which include restrictive protective covenants, the forms 

of which are attached hereto as Exhibit C-1 and Exhibit C-2 , respectively, and which shall be effective as of the date hereof. 
 
 4. JDI and System1 have executed the Indemnity Side Letter attached hereto as Exhibit D , which shall be effective as of the date hereof. 
 
 5. Each of JDI, Christopher Phillips, Nick Baker, System1 and Protected have executed the Operational Side Letter commitment attached hereto as Exhibit E , which shall be effective as of the date hereof. 
 
 6. The payment of each Amended Fourth Bonus Pool amount on each of the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates commencing on October 1, 2023 and thereafter to the Year 3 Bonus Recipients is subject to and conditioned on the following threshold tests (A) First, Protected not exceeding the trailing three (3) monthly Customer Acquisition Marketing Spend for the specified calendar months prior to each subsequent Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payment in the amounts set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto (B) Second, if Protected exceeds the trailing three (3) monthly Customer Acquisition Marketing Spend for any specified period set forth on Exhibit F , Protected achieving monthly Protected Cash EBITDA for the full calendar month prior to each subsequent Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payment in the amounts set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto and (C) Third, if Protected does not achieve the monthly Protected Cash EBITDA for any then specified period set forth on Exhibit F , Protected achieving the trailing twelve (12) month Protected Cash EBITDA for the full twelve month period prior to each subsequent Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payment in the amounts set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto. If Protected does not satisfy any of the threshold tests set forth in clauses (A) through (C) above with respect to any payments due on any such Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates, then any such Amended Fourth Bonus Pool payment amounts to the Year 3 Bonus Recipients shall be deferred (the Deferred Bonus Pool Payments until such time as Protected achieves any subsequent trailing twelve (12) month Protected Cash EBITDA for any full twelve month period following the calendar month in which there is a Deferred Bonus Pool Payment, in any case, in the amounts set forth on Exhibit F attached hereto (the Deferred Bonus Payment Trigger ). If there are any Deferred Bonus Pool Payments at any time and Protected satisfies or meets the Deferred Bonus Payment Trigger, then all Deferred Bonus Pool Payments shall then be due and payable to Year 3 Bonus Recipients. If there are any Deferred Bonus Pool Payments as of December 31, 2024 and Protected has not satisfied or met the Deferred Bonus Payment Trigger, then any remaining Deferred Bonus Pool Payments shall continue to be deferred and subject to Protected achieving the trailing twelve (12) month Protected Cash EBITDA in amounts to be mutually agreed based on an approved operating budget forecast for the Protected business beyond calendar year 2024. For purposes hereof, Protected Cash EBITDA means (a) net income (or loss) (determined in accordance with UK GAAP) generated by Protected and its Subsidiaries (as of the Closing) on a consolidated basis for each applicable monthly period, plus (b) the sum of, to the extent included in the calculation of net income (or loss), but without duplication, (i) interest expense for such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period, (iii) depreciation expense for such period, (iv) amortization expense for such period, (v) any stock based compensation charge (including the national insurance contribution charges related to any stock based compensation), (vi) foreign exchange gain loss for such period, (vii) expenses related to any Bonus Pool Payments or any amounts payable pursuant to Sections 12.11(a) and 12.11(b) of the BCA for such period and (viii) the difference between customer 

billings received on a cash basis and GAAP revenue provided , that, Protected Cash EBITDA shall exclude all income and expenses which arise from any business acquired by Protected and its Subsidiaries after the date hereof. 
 
 7. Each of the parties hereto (a) acknowledges that the performance of the obligations contemplated by this First Amendment (or the Conditional Consent, as amended by this First Amendment) shall not be deemed to breach the terms of any representation and warranty, covenant or term of the BCA, and (b) hereby waives any breach of any representation and warranty, covenant or term of the BCA, with respect to the matters set forth in this First Amendment (or the Conditional Consent, as amended by this First Amendment). 
 
 8. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that neither the Amended Fourth Bonus Pool nor any portion thereof shall be included in the calculation of Protected LTM Cash EBITDA for purposes of determining the 2024 Earnout Threshold pursuant to Section 12.11(b) of the BCA. 
 
 This First Amendment is limited to the matters expressly mentioned above, and except as expressly acknowledged and waived herein, all provisions of the BCA remain in full force and effect. This First Amendment (and the Conditional Consent, as amended by this First Amendment) shall not be construed as a waiver or consent to any other action by the parties hereto, except as expressly provided for herein. This First Amendment (and the Conditional Consent, as amended by this First Amendment) shall be subject to the terms of Section 1.02 and Article XV of the BCA, which are incorporated herein by reference, in each case, mutatis mutandis and this First Amendment and the terms hereof are confidential and shall not be disclosed by any party hereto, except as required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this First Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 
 SYSTEM1, INC. 
 By s Michael Blend Name Michael Blend Title CEO 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement 

PROTECTED.NET GROUP LIMITED 
 By s Christopher Phillips Name Christopher Phillips Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to First Amendment to Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement 

YEAR 3 ELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS 
 Just Develop It Limited 
 By s Christopher Phillips Name Christopher Phillips Title Director 

Signature Page to First Amendment to Conditional Consent, Waiver and Acknowledgement 

Exhibit A 
 Year 3 Bonus Recipients 
 Just Develop It Limited 

Exhibit B 
 Allocation of each of Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Payments to Year 3 Bonus Recipients 
 Year 3 Bonus Recipient Share of Amended Fourth Bonus Pool ) Share of Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Payments ) Amended Fourth Bonus Pool Dates Just Develop It Limited 100 5,000,000 May 30, 2023 Just Develop It Limited 100 5,000,000 July 1, 2023 Just Develop It Limited 100 6,000,000 October 1, 2023 Just Develop It Limited 100 1,000,000 November 1, 2023 Just Develop It Limited 100 1,000,000 December 1, 2023 Just Develop It Limited 100 1,000,000 January 1, 2024 Just Develop It Limited 100 1,000,000 February 1, 2024 
 As of the date of this First Amendment, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that the 5,000,000 due and payable on May 30, 2023 has been paid in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 The 5,000,000 payable on July 1, 2023 shall be paid to the Year 3 Bonus Recipients at the same foreign exchange rate that is used to determine make the 5,000,000 payment payable on May 30, 2023. 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 system1-ex211fromsx12022_s.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of System1, Inc. 
 Subsidiary Name Jurisdiction S1 Holdco, LLC Delaware System1 S1, Inc. Delaware Orchid Merger Sub II, LLC Delaware System1 OpCo, LLC Delaware Protected.net Group Limited England & Wales Infospace Holdings LLC Delaware Qool Media Holdings, LLC Delaware Concourse Media Holdings, LLC Delaware Dotzup Holdings LLC Delaware System1 Canada ULC Nova Scotia System1 Media ULC Nova Scotia MapQuest Holdings, LLC Delaware MapQuest Services Holdings LLC Delaware System1 Waterfox Holdings LLC Delaware Waterfox Limited England & Wales NextGen Shopping, LLC Delaware Privacy One Group Limited Delaware Surfboard Holding B.V. Netherlands Network Protect Limited England & Wales Network Protect LLC Delaware Protected Antivirus Limited England & Wales TotalAV Antivirus Limited England & Wales Scanguard Antivirus Limited England & Wales PC Protect Antivirus Limited England & Wales Protected.net LLC Delaware CyberSecurity Service LLC Delaware Host Plus Limited England & Wales 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 a2022consentform-s1holdco0.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-264522) of System1 Inc. of our report dated June 5, 2023 relating to the financial statements of S1 Holdco, LLC (Predecessor) which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Los Angeles, California June 5, 2023 

1 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 13
 a2022consentform-system105.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-264522) of System1, Inc. of our report dated June 5, 2023 relating to the financial statements of System1, Inc. (Successor) which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Los Angeles, California June 5, 2023 
 1 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 14
 exhibit311sox302certificat.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Blend, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of System1, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Michael Blend 
 Michael Blend 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date June 5, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 15
 exhibit312sox302certificat.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Tridivesh Kidambi, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of System1, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date June 5, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 16
 exhibit321sox906certificat.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of System1, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Blend, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Michael Blend 
 Michael Blend 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date June 5, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 17
 exhibit322sox906certificat.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of System1, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tridivesh Kidambi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Tridivesh Kidambi 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date June 5, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 sst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 sst-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 sst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 sst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 sst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

