<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1866838_0001213900-23-029945.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4211285</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322517</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>804824</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1123437</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>921879</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>919988</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029945.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414170027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029945
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Inception Growth Acquisition Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862648456
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41134
		FILM NUMBER:		23821887

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315-636-6638

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		875 WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029945.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_inceptiongro.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number: 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value, one-half (1/2) of one redeemable warrant and one right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of a share of common stock IGTAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 IGTAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock IGTAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At
June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was
 . 

As
of April 12, 2023, the Registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

part I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 28 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 28 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 28 

part II 
 29 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
 COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 29 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 30 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 30 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 36 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 37 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 37 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 37 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 38 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING
 FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 38 

part III 39 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
 OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 39 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 48 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 49 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 50 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT
 FEES AND SERVICES 
 52 

part IV 
 53 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
 STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 53 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

References to the Company, 
 IGTA, our, us or we refer to Inception Growth Acquisition Limited, a blank check
company incorporated on March 4, 2021 under the laws of the State of Delaware. References to our Sponsor refer to Soul Venture
Partners LLC. References to our IPO or the Initial Public Offering refer to the initial public offering of
Inception Growth Acquisition Limited, which closed on December 13, 2021. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not
purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, 
 potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this report may include, for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when
management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Inception Growth Acquisition
Limited is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial business
combination. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. While we will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic
region, given the experience of our management team, our acquisition and value creation strategy will be to identify, acquire, and build
a company based in the United States and/or Asia (excluding China) with a focus in the technology, media and telecom (TMT), sports and
entertainment, and/or non-gambling gaming sectors. We shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal
business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). As of the date of this report, we have not selected any target business
for our initial business combination. 

Initial Public Offering 

On December 13, 2021,
we consummated our initial public offering IPO of 9,000,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of
one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one-half of one redeemable
warrant (the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for
 11.50 per share, and one right (the Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the
Company of 90,000,000. On December 9, 2021, the underwriters of the IPO fully exercised their over-allotment option, and the
closing and sale of an additional 1,350,000 Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred on December 13, 2021. The
issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of
 13,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO and the sale of the over-allotment units on December 13, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement Private
Placement with the Sponsor of 4,721,250 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant,
generating total proceeds of 4,721,250. These securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are identical
to the warrants sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
thereof are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, in each case so long as they continue to be
held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private
Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until 30 days after the
Company completes its initial business combination. 

A
total of 104,535,351 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including
the over-allotment) and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public
stockholders. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. On January 21, 2022, our shares of common stock, warrants and rights underlying the Units
sold in our IPO began to trade separately on a voluntary basis. 

Since our IPO, our sole business
activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. The outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus has
resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and potential target
companies may defer or end discussions for a potential business combination with us whether or not COVID-19 affects their business operations.
The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. We may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. 

1 

Industries Overview 

Our objectives are to generate
compelling attractive returns and to enhance value through top line growth and hands-on operational improvement for our potential
target companies. We believe our management team s personnel, network and relationships combined with their unique and diversified
experiences in investing, operating and transforming businesses will uniquely position our team to identify and execute attractive business
combination opportunities. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic
location, except that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity with its principal business operations in
China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We plan to target companies that compete in the following industries in the United States
and/or Asia (excluding China): 

Technology, media
 and telecom (TMT) : all types of high technologies, media platforms and networks, applications, systems, and the software and
 hardware infrastructure and research development that enable the interoperability of these technologies; 

Sports 
 Entertainment : all types of innovative technologies relating to sports league franchises and properties, Esports and other
 sports related entertainment media; 

Non-gambling games :
 all types and genres of games, whether digital or non-digital and whether to be played on mobile, tablet, computer or
 otherwise, and the playing of which does not involve gambling of money or other stakes. 

We believe each of these markets
has considerable growth potential. For example: 

TMT 

While Covid-19 has negatively
affected the global economy in 2020, its impact on the TMT sector has been both positive and negative, based on PwC CEE analysis as of
June 2020. Positive effects include the acceleration of trends such as digital transformation, over-the-top (i.e. a means of providing
television and film content over the internet at the request and to suit the requirements of the individual consumer) video usage, and
even new telehealth applications. According to this analysis, the total global TMT expenditure has grown at a pace substantially above
the rate of inflation in the past a few years and this growth rate is projected to continue this year. 

2 

The TMT industry is a multifaceted
industry comprised of networks, wireless communications, entertainment media and content generation as well as other consumer technologies.
Within the TMT industry, the media sector is witnessing high growth. The Media Global Market Report by The Business Research Company in
December 2020 stated that the global media market reached a value of nearly 1,713.0 billion in 2020 and is expected to grow
rapidly to 2,670.0 billion in 2025. Given the technological advancement, we see a huge growth opportunity for the media industry.
The pandemic has encouraged people to spend more time at home. As a result, physically distanced-friendly activities have become
extremely popular including streaming services. 

As for the telecom sector,
it is going through a major development with 5G rollout. According to a March 2020 report by the GSM Association, an industry organization
that represents the interests of mobile network operators worldwide, forecasts that 5G technologies will add 2.2 trillion to the global
economy particularly for manufacturing and financial services industries, both of which are key sectors in the United States. The
report also states that by 2025, 20 of communication connections worldwide will incorporate 5G networks with a strong presence in Asia,
North America and Europe. We believe the 5G technologies will play an important role in supporting economic growth in those regions. 

Sports Entertainment 

According to a May 2021
market report by the Business Research Company, despite Covid-19, the Sports industry was worth approximately 388.3 billion in 2020.
We expect that industry to continue to grow as a result of emergence of e-sports, rising sponsorships, and increase in internet accessible
devices. Companies are finding new ways to fuel year-round fan-engagement and new revenue streams. 

We believe one of the biggest
sources of alternative revenue for sports organizations will be sports analytics. We expect data-driven platforms and artificial
intelligence to play a huge part in helping organizations to better understand consumer behaviors in the coming years. By monitoring and
tracking off-fields sports data such as digital and customer engagement, and marketing data, organizations will understand the needs
of their target market and improve the customer experience and find new sources of revenue. Big data will also provide insights into player
metrics and team performance. An analysis performed by KBV Research in 2019 predicts that the Global Sports Analytics Market size is expected
to reach 4.3 billion by 2025. 

Another segment of the industry
that is witnessing phenomenal growth is Esports, also known as electronic sports . Esports is a form of sport competition
using video games. This segment not only includes traditional sports-related games for professional players to join teams to compete
for cash prizes but also for individual players to get involved in streaming entertainment to engage with fans. Whilst it was previously
a subset within the Sports industry, it is now a billion-dollar industry of its own. The Esports market is on track to surpass 1.0 billion
in revenue and hit 1.8 billion by 2022, per 2019 Newzoo figures cited by Statista. The total viewership is expected to grow
at a 9 CAGR from 454 million in 2019 to 646 million in 2023, which puts the audience on a pace to double over six years. The
ecosystem is strong, supported by many technology platforms, services, analytic platforms, and substantial investor capital. In addition,
the number of brand sponsorship in the Esports market has grown significantly with nearly 53 of the brands being non-Esports related.
Brands recognize that the key to connect with the younger generation audience is through Esports. 

3 

Non-Gambling Gaming 

The global gaming market was
valued at 173.70 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach 314.40 billion by 2026, according to Mordor Intelligence. The gaming
market is segmented by game type (console, tablet, smartphone, browser PC, and downloaded PC) and consistent with our business strategy.
Our team expects to identify high quality companies in this market. 

With improving internet infrastructure,
increasing smartphone penetration rate and large numbers of software and hardware developers, we anticipate that Asia Pacific will hold
the largest market share in the gaming industry. We expect that technologies such as 5G will help fuel the growth of the Asia Pacific
gaming market by providing faster internet access for cloud gaming. According to Statista, the Japanese and Korean gaming markets are
expected to grow rapidly. Statista forecasted that the Japanese video gaming market will reach over 14 billion by 2026 (Japanese
video gaming market report published in January 2021), and finally the South Korea s gaming industry will reach over 15 billion
by 2022 (South Korea gaming industry report published in March 2021). We believe these statistics are indicators of the huge potential
in Asia. Just like the Asia Pacific region, the gaming industry in the United States is experiencing healthy growth. We believe this
growth can be attributed to several factors including technological advancements that are enhancing gaming experiences for customers.
Consumer spending on video games is projected to reach 13.4 billion in the combined November and December 2020 holiday period,
reaching a record high in the United States market, according to the 2020 Gamer Segmentation Report by the NPD Group, an American
market research company. This was 24 higher than the previous year. Based on the NPD Group s 2020 Gamer Segmentation Report, the
United States had 244 million video game players as of 2020, which is 30 million more players than in 2018. 

The surge in the number of
players proves the growing demand and bright prospect for the gaming sector in Asia and the United States. Given the favorable industry
outlook, we believe there will be many attractive investment opportunities to acquire a potential growth company in the gaming industry. 

Our Competitive Advantages 

We intend to capitalize on
our below competitive advantages to find a suitable target company: 

1. Experienced Management Team 

We have a strong portfolio
of leaders on our team. Both our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have years of experience successfully managing and
running a variety of corporations in Asia and the United States. 

Our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Cheuk Hang Chow, has almost a decade of C-suite leadership and business development experience in several industries including technology,
media and entertainment. He has served as CEO of companies such as MetaOne Limited, a non-fungible token (NFT) asset management platform
based in Asia, and China Creative Digital Entertainment Limited (formerly HMV Digital China Group), an investment holding company engaged
in media and entertainment businesses in East Asia, as well as CFO and Executive Director to listed companies like China Food and Beverage
Group Limited (HKG:8272), an investment holding company operating restaurant businesses in Hong Kong. We are confident that we can capitalize
on Mr. Chow s previous experiences in advising and expanding startups and listed companies to help guide and prepare the target
for the business combination. 

Mr. Felix Yun Pun Wong,
our Chief Financial Officer, is a seasoned chief financial officer. In fact, he has served as chief financial officer for four other companies.
He has proven himself to be an adaptable and strong leader as he served as a top executive at a wide range of companies, from media to
private equity to technology in both mainland China and Hong Kong and served as the chief financial officer of Tottenham Acquisition
I Limited on NASDAQ. We believe Mr. Wong s experiences will be valuable throughout the entire SPAC IPO process and in selecting
target companies for acquisition. 

Our management team has been
actively involved in operating, advising, expanding and generating high returns for many companies. Their executive leadership, operational
oversight, strategic management will boost investor confidence in the team s ability to complete a successful business combination.
As a result, we believe our management team is well-positioned to take advantage of growing acquisition opportunities in the TMT,
sports entertainment and gaming (non-gambling) industry. 

4 

2. Strong Board of Directors 

We have recruited an accomplished
and well-recognized group of leaders to be our board of directors. Our board of directors comes from a plethora of industries where
they serve as vice presidents, advisors, directors, presidents, vice chairman for public companies, private companies and venture capital
firms in Asia and the United States. 

Mr. Michael Lawrence Coyne,
one of our directors, has 8 years of extensive capitals markets, business development, and deal origination experience. Since January
2023, Mr. Coyne has been serving as a Principal and Head of Capital Markets in the financial advisory firm Benjamin Securities. From February
2018 to January 2023, Mr. Coyne was a partner and Head of Capital Markets at Ingalls Snyder, LLC, an investment advisory firm. From
August 2015 to February 2018, Mr. Coyne served as Vice President and Head of Equity Syndicate of Capital Integration Systems LLC, an online
financial services platform based in New York. Prior to that, in March 2015, he began his career in financial services at the Blackstone
Group, as a private wealth management intern. Concurrently, from February 2012 to July 2019, Mr. Coyne served as 1st Lieutenant, executive
Officer, task force officer-in-charge and platoon leader and operations officer of the Army National Guard and the U.S. Army. Mr. Coyne
passed the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Series 7, 63, 24, 79 examination and obtained a Securities Industry Essentials
(SIE) license in September 2, 2015; January 25, 2016; September 24, 2018; August 22, 2018 and October 1, 2018, respectively.. His skills
in managing businesses in large public corporations, financial planning and strategic management will be a great asset for the target
company. 

Ms. Yan Xu has over 9 years
of experience working in the Chinese gaming market and in a variety of industries in the Japanese market. She has also worked closely
with top executives in PRC companies. Ms. Xu has been an independent director for Ace Global Business Acquisition Limited since February
2021. Since February 2014, Ms. Xu has served as the head of the Japanese division for Whiz Partners Asia Ltd where she worked closely
with Japanese companies to help identify potential Chinese partners to expand their business operations. She has also been the vice president
of the China Hero Fund project, one of the first funds created to support game developers in China since 2016. Prior to this role, she
worked as the assistant to the chief executive officer for Blue Ridge China, where she was responsible for post-investment tracking. Between
2008 to 2011, she worked at SinoCom Software Group Ltd. as secretary to the Third Division and Team Leader of the Translation Department.
Ms. Xu also spent three years working at Neusoft Group Co. Ltd as secretary of business software division and team leader of translation
department. Her experience and skills in the Chinese and Japanese markets will be a great asset for the target company. 

Mr. Albert Chang has served
in multiple executive positions including vice president for Insight Soul Partners, a leading venture capital firm and as vice president
of investments for Kenetic Capital responsible for managing a portfolio of over 100 million venture investments. He has also previously
served at Pacific Century Group, a leading Asian family office, managing venture investments and corporate finance. Prior to Pacific Century,
he managed mergers and acquisitions at PCCW Group, a leading regional TMT company. His capital markets experience and strategic management
and implementation will be an added value as we identify a potential target and complete a business combination. 

5 

Our team has extensive experiences
in identifying, selecting, screening, acquiring and managing companies. We believe these are the skill sets that are essential for a successful
management team. With our board of directors deep understanding and experience of all aspects in the TMT, sports entertainment
and gaming (non-gambling) industry, we could effectively position our investment strategy, evaluation of potential acquisition candidates
and complete our initial business combination. 

3. Strong and Extensive Network to Source a Suitable Target Company 

We believe our team s
operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with many potential business combination targets.
Over the course of their careers, they have served in a variety of capacities, allowing them to expand their network in both Asia and
the United States. In addition, many of them are currently board directors and non-executive directors of other public companies.
These contacts and sources include those in government, private and public companies, private equity and venture capital funds, investment
bankers, attorneys and accountants. For example, our CEO, Mr. Cheuk Hang Chow, was the chief executive officer of an NFT asset management
platform and an investment holding company principally engaged in media and entertainment businesses in East Asia. His roles in these
companies provides access to a massive network of tech executives, founders and investors. We can leverage his connections to identify
multiple potential targets. Our independent director, Mr. Michael Lawrence Coyne, has 8 years of extensive capitals markets, business
development, and deal origination experience while Ms. Yan Xu, also our independent director, has over 9 years of experience working in
the Chinese gaming market and in a variety of industries in the Japanese market. We believe the extensive network our directors have in
the TMT, sports entertainment and gaming (non-gambling) industry will give us a competitive advantage when exploring potential
business combination opportunities. 

4. Strong M A Expertise and
de-SPAC Experience 

In addition to supporting us
in the areas of investment strategy and improving the company s processes, our team also has experience in M A and raising funds.
Our team consists of seasoned professionals with significant M A, capital markets, finance and private equity experience across a
wide variety of industries and market conditions and have proven track records of producing high returns for investors. In addition, we
have a unique advantage as Mr. Felix Wong, our Chief Financial Officer, has track record in successfully completing the initial business
combinations of SPACs de-SPAC ). He was previously the CFO of Tottenham Acquisition I Limited, which successfully merged
with Clene Nanomedicine Inc (NASDAQ: CLNN) in December 2020. After merging, the stock price reached a peak of 16.3 per share, resulting
in more than 60 return (as compared to the 10.00 IPO price of Tottenham Acquisition I Limited) for investors. His previous experience in
selecting a SPAC and managing a successful merger will be extremely valuable in ensuring the success of our initial business combination. 

6 

5. Advantages
of being a Publicly Listed Company 

We believe we are offering
a unique opportunity for companies that want to grow and enter into the international markets. Our structure will make us an attractive
business partner. As a publicly listed company, our business partners will have access to the capital markets for greater financing and
be able to expand their existing customer base. Furthermore, SPACs also offer an alternate route to the traditional IPO that is less costly
and can accelerate a company s market entry. Even smaller companies with large growth prospects have the opportunity to be selected.
In addition, the risk of failure to raise capital is much lower since the money is raised prior to selecting the target. Although there
are some risks to a certain extent, we believe the benefits of partnering with a SPAC and going public outweigh the costs. We are also
confident that the track record of our management team and board of directors will bring in many attractive options. Our management team
and board consist of industry veterans like Mr. Cheuk Hang Chow, Mr. Felix Wong, Mr. Michael Lawrence Coyne, Mr. Albert
Chang and Ms. Yan Xu. Together, we expect that they will bring to the table a pool of expertise that will be attractive to target companies
seeking for public listing in the United States. 

Acquisition Criteria 

We intend to focus on
the target company with a size measured between 500 million 1 billion. Other than this, we also intend to look for
target company who possesses the following core values: 

Strong management team: we are looking for a strong group of individuals who have a strong track record of creating value. We will also take time to assess their leadership capabilities and their ability to grow the company. 

Strong portfolio of investors: we will seek for a company that has well-known and trusted investors, hedge funds and private equity firms supporting them. This is an indication of investors confidence in the company s potential to grow. 

Potential to have recurring revenue: we are looking for companies that are currently generating or will generate significant cash flow through existing products, new product development, increased efficiency and reduced costs. 

Benefits from being publicly traded: we intend to acquire a company that will effectively utilize their public profile to get access to capital, expand their customer base, improve their investor portfolio to grow their company. 

Appropriate valuations and upside potential: we will conduct rigorous due diligence and apply valuation-metrics to create the most reasonable and appropriate valuation for the company. We are seeking to acquire a company that will have a strong upside potential to increase their valuation. 

Strategic management and long-term planning: we intend to acquire companies who are strategically planning for the future and are continually assessing and ensuring that their work is aligned with their strategic goals. Long-term planning allows companies to have sustainable operations in the long run and ensures that they can deliver on their promises to the investors. 

Innovative-led approach and risk management: we believe that balancing risk and encouraging creative insights will drive a company s growth and that differentiated ideas bring new categories into the market to address growing customer needs. Therefore, we are seeking for a company that prioritizes innovation and is able to recognize which ideas to support and scale. 

Our Acquisition Process 

Our sponsor believes that conducting
comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the technology industry. In evaluating a prospective
initial business combination, we expect to conduct a thorough diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with
incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, financial analyses and technology reviews, as well as
a review of other information that will be made available to us. 

7 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officers, or our directors, subject to
certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with
our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to us from a financial
point of view. 

Members of our management team
may directly or indirectly own our securities following the IPO, and accordingly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each
of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention
or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
initial business combination. 

We currently do not have any
specific targets for an initial business combination selected. None of our officers and directors, nor has anyone on their behalf contacted
or had any discussions with possible target businesses in which they directly or indirectly proposed or encouraged a potential target
to consider a possible combination with us. 

As described in Proposed
Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets and Management Conflicts of Interest, 
each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations
or duties to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless (i) such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her
capacity as a director or officer of our company, (ii) such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue and (iii) the director or officer is permitted to refer the opportunity to us
without violating another legal obligation. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will
honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us
if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that the
fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our
initial business combination. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we
must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the
determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial
business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the
post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is
owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and
we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder
approval, as applicable. 

8 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective business
combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical
and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities
and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent
accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will
make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative
to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination,
we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better
aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its
profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with
us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of common
stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration
to the specific needs of the sellers. 

9 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering
process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant
expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that
may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure
and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our
status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of the IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. 

10 

We may not be able to complete
an initial business combination with a U.S. target company since such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign
investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
(CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited. 

Certain companies requiring
federal-issued licenses in the United States, such as broadcasters and airlines, may be subject to rules or regulations that
limit foreign ownership. In addition, CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment
in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States.
Our Sponsor, Soul Venture Partners LLC, is controlled by Mr. Jason Wong, a non-U.S. person and a Hong Kong national. Our
sponsor currently owns 19.0 of our outstanding shares. We are therefore likely considered a foreign person under the regulations
administered by CFIUS and will continue to be considered as such in the future for so long as our Sponsor has the ability to exercise
control over us for purposes of CFIUS s regulations. Therefore, we could be subject to foreign ownership restrictions and/or CFIUS
review if our proposed business combination is between us and a U.S. target company engaged in a regulated industry or which may
affect national security. The scope of CFIUS review was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain
acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in
force, also subject certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. target
company falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit
a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention,
before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose
conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion
of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The foreign ownership limitations,
and the potential impact of CFIUS, may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business
combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential
targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing
with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of
government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination.
If we cannot complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering because the
review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another
U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive 10.25 per share,
and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and
the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

Risks related to Potential Application of the
Investment Company Act and Inflation Reduction Act 

As of the date hereof, substantially
all of the assets held in the trust account are held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury Bills. There
is uncertainty under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act whether special purpose acquisition
companies, or SPACs, could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The longer that the funds in the
trust account are held in U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater
the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case a claim could be made that we have been operating
as an unregistered investment company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the trust
account at any time and instead hold all funds in the trust account in a bank deposit account in order to mitigate the risks of falling
within the definition of investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens
and expenses for which we have not allotted funds and for which we would not have sufficient time to comply with prior to the expiration
of its time to complete a business combination. As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company, we would expect to abandon
its efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead to liquidate and dissolve. If we are required to liquidate and dissolve,
our investors would lose the opportunity to invest in a target company and would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares
in the post-business combination company, including the potential appreciation of our share price following such a transaction. In
addition, in the event of our liquidation and dissolution, our warrants and rights would expire worthless. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax
on any publicly traded domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The
Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation
and our securities are trading on Nasdaq, we will be a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. While not free
from doubt, absent any further guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), who has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax, the Excise Tax may apply
to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination,
extension vote or otherwise, unless an exemption is available. The Excise Tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming
holders. Generally, issuances of securities by us in connection with our initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE
transaction at the time of our initial business combination), as well as any other issuances of securities not in connection with our
initial business combination, would be expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the
same calendar year. 

11 

Whether and to what extent
the Company would be subject to the Excise Tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination,
extension vote or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other
equity issuances in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued
within the same taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. Consequently,
the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. Finally, based on recently issued
interim guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury in Notice 2023-2, subject to certain exceptions, the Excise Tax should
not apply in the event of our liquidation. 

To mitigate the current uncertainty
surrounding the implementation of the IR Act, the Sponsor intends to indemnify the Company for any Excise Tax liabilities resulting from
the implementation of the IR Act with respect to any future redemptions. For the avoidance of doubt, the proceeds deposited in the trust
account and the interest earned thereon shall not be used to pay for any Excise Tax due under the IR Act in connection with any redemptions
of the Public Shares in connection with any Redemption Event (including the extension and the Company s initial Business Combination). 

Financial Position 

With funds available for an
initial business combination initially in the amount of 102,702,337 assuming no redemptions before non-reimbursable fees and expenses
associated with our initial business combination and after payment of 2,250,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 1,100,000 in offering
costs, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able
to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the
flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to
fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds
of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following
the consummation of the IPO or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase
of other companies or for working capital. 

12 

We may seek to raise additional
funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and
we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust
account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the
private placement warrants, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination.
Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion
of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets,
our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and,
only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds
privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or
understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business
candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many
of these sources will have read the prospectus relating to the IPO and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and
directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry
and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or
other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the
future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s
length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the
use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily
tied to completion of a transaction; in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event,
however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated,
be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the
company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our
initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our
sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor
for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our
officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial
business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of an initial business combination candidate. 

13 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making
the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm hat is a member of FINRA
or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As more fully discussed in
Item 10 of Part III of this report entitled Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, 
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we
must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held
in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider
it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial
business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there
is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple
businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will
have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be
permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only complete an initial business
combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a
controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion
of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account
for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. 

14 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial
and other information that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

15 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any
of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any
of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval is 
Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

16 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

The Company s IPO prospectus dated December 8, 2021 provides
that the Company initially had until 15 months from the closing of the IPO to complete its initial business combination, or, if we anticipate
that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may, but are not obligated to, extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months
to complete a business combination) by depositing 0.10 for each public share that has not been redeemed (or an aggregate of 1,035,000
if there are no redemptions) into the trust account for each three (3) month extension. However, as approved by its shareholders at the
annual meeting of stockholders held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting ), on March 13, 2023, we entered into an amendment to
the investment management trust agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, allowing us to extend the time available
for us to consummate an initial business combination for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September 13, 2023 without
having to make any extension payment. On March 13, 2023, the Company decided to extend the available time to complete a business combination
for an additional six (6) months from March 13, 2023 to September 13, 2023. Public stockholders were not offered the opportunity to vote
on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. In connection with the stockholders vote at the Meeting, 5,873,364 shares
of common stock were tendered for redemption. 

Non-redemption Agreements 

On March 3, 2023, the Company
and Sponsor entered into non-redemption agreements Non-Redemption Agreement with an unaffiliated third parties in exchange
for such third party agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock sold in its initial public
offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and to be
held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment
management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to
complete its initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the trust account established
in connection with the Company s initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed
Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to 120,000 shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor
following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. The Company has waived the transfer restrictions
set forth in the Letter Agreement dated December 8, 2021, between the Company and Sponsor (the Letter Agreement ), regarding
the transfers of the shares Common Stock contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreement. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as
of December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ). EF Hutton
has consented in writing to waive the transfer restrictions set forth in Sections 15 and 18 of the Letter Agreement in connection to the
transfers of the shares Common Stock contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreements. 

On March 6, 2023, the Company
and the Sponsor entered into Non-Redemption Agreement with certain unaffiliated third parties in exchange for such third parties agreeing
not to redeem an aggregate of 2,100,000 shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company to be held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December
8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination
for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection with the Company s
initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer
to such third party an aggregate of up to 630,000 shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue
to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

On March 7, 2023, the Company
and the Sponsor entered into additional Non-Redemption Agreements with certain unaffiliated third parties in exchange for such parties
agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of 625,000 Non-Redeemed Shares. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed
Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to 187,500 shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor
following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

On March 8, 2023, the Company and the Sponsor entered into Non-Redemption
Agreement with certain unaffiliated third parties in exchange for such third parties agreeing not to redeem an aggregate of 1,200,000
shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting
of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other
things, an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment
Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months without having
to make any payment to the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. In exchange for the
foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up
to 360,000 shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through
the Meeting. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public
warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None
of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

17 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial
business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under
the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account
is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.25 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly
redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights
will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

18 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business
combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with such rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions.
If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial
business combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

19 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority
of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior
written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum
and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate
our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. For example, the proposed initial business combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of
the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business
combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion
of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an
aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable
to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the
IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target
that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

20 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to
such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we
distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy
materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise
period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The
transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on
to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of
when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a
holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such
stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of
the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. 

21 

As a result, the redemption
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the initial business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder
meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
21 months from the closing of the IPO. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will have only up to 21 months (as we extended the time to complete a business combination as described
in this report) from the closing of the IPO to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within 21 months, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants and rights, which
will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 21-month time period. 

22 

Our initial stockholders have
agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO. However, if our sponsor, our officers
or directors acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 21-month time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

However, we may not redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business
combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we
cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption
of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the approximately 1,100,000 (the amount will remain the same if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) of proceeds
held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on
sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds
are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any
interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request
the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

23 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if
any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher
priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by
stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.25. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for
all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets.
These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend
to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or
will not provide such waiver other than the underwriters of the IPO and our independent registered public accounting firm. 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to
waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and
will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered
into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.25 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, if any, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will
it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

24 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below
(i) 10.25 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation
of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be
too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have
not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than 10.25 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access
to up to approximately 1,100,000 from the proceeds of the IPO with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 1,100,000). In the event that we liquidate
and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our
trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 775,000 we
may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be
held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less
than our estimate of 1,100,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding
amount. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO may be considered a liquidating
distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended
to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims
can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect
to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed
to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

25 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO, is not considered a liquidating
distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal
proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the
DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of
three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 21 months
from the closing of the IPO, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 21st month 
 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our
stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we will not be
complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time
that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the
subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will
be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation
contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor
may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.25 per
public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes, if
any, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of
punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure
you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

26 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public
shares to seek redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption
of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 21 months from the closing of the IPO, subject
to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In
the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro
rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating
businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying
and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical,
human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our
obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be
viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are located
at 875 Washington Street, New York, NY 10014 and our telephone number is (315) 636-6638. Our executive offices are provided to us by our
sponsor. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

27 

Employees 

We currently have two officers,
namely Mr. Cheuk Hang Chow, our Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Felix Wong, our Chief Financial Officer. These individuals are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether
a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we
are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate
or other physical properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices at 875 Washington Street,
New York, NY 10014. The cost for this space is provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor, as part of the 10,000 per month payment
we make to it for office space and related services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

28 

part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol IGTAU on December 9, 2021. The shares of common stock, warrants and
rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on January 21, 2022, under the symbols IGTA , IGTAW 
and IGTAR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of April 12, 2023, there
were 7,114,136 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by 11 stockholders of record. The number of record holders
was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are
held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain
all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share
dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use of Proceeds 

On December 13, 2021, we
consummated our initial public offering IPO )of 10,350,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one
share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one-half of one redeemable warrant
(the Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per share,
and one right (the Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation of an initial business
combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of 103,500,000. 

29 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO and the sale of the over-allotment units on December 13, 2021, the Company consummated the private placement Private
Placement with the Sponsor of 4,721,250 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant,
generating total proceeds of 4,721,250. These securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

The Private Warrants are identical
to the warrants sold in the IPO except that the Private Warrants will be non-redeemable and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
thereof are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, in each case so long as they continue to be
held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private
Warrants or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until 30 days after the
Company completes its initial business combination. 

As of December 31, 2022,
a total of 106,052,337 was held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders,
which included 103,500,000 of the gross proceeds from the IPO (including the exercise of the over-allotment option) and 4,721,250 of
the Private Placements and subsequent interest income. 

We
paid a total of 1,811,250 in underwriting discounts and commissions (not including the deferred underwriting commission payable at the
consummation of initial business combination) and approximately 433,947 for other costs and expenses related to our formation and the
initial public offering. 

For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see below Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation on March 4, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not selected any specific
business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering
and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business
combination and (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of this offering or otherwise), shares issued
to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

30 

Our sponsor is controlled by
Jason Wong. 

The issuance of additional
shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is authorized and issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock, warrants and/or rights. 

Similarly, if we issue debt
securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

31 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception
up to December 13, 2022 was in preparation for the initial public offering. Since the initial public offering, our activity has been limited
to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion
of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially
after this period. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 475,491, which was comprised of dividend income of 1,217,668 and interest
income of 299,318, offset by formation, general and administrative expenses of 742,265 and income taxes of
 299,230. 

For the period from March 4,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 181,960, which was comprised formation, general and administrative expenses
of 182,311, offset by dividend income 351. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 680,812 and investments held in the Trust Account of 106,052,337. Until the consummation of the
initial public offering, the only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by our Sponsor, monies loaned by the
Sponsor under a certain unsecured promissory note and advances from our Sponsor. On
December 13, 2021, we drew 134,885 against the promissory note and the entire balance was repaid on December 16, 2021. 

On December 13, 2021, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 10,350,000 ordinary units (the Public Units ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter
of its over-allotment option in the amount of 1,350,000 Public Units, at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 103,500,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,721,250 Warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement to Soul Venture Partners LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of 4,721,250. 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial
business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. We estimate our annual franchise
tax obligations, based on the number of shares of our common stock authorized and outstanding after the completion of this offering, to
be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay
from funds from this offering held outside of the trust account or from interest earned on the funds held in our trust account and released
to us for this purpose. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts
held in the trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise
taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

32 

Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately 1,100,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account.
We will use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

The Company initially had 15 months from the consummation
of this offering to consummate the initial business combination. If the Company does not complete a business combination within 15 months
from the consummation of the Public Offering, the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to
the terms of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As a result, this has the same effect as if the Company
had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Companies Law. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our shareholders
to commence such a voluntary winding up, dissolution and liquidation. However, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 27 months from the consummation of the
Public Offering to complete a business combination). The Company is unable to consummate the Company s initial business combination
by September 13, 2023 (unless further extended), the Company will, as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem 100 of the Company s outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate
and dissolve. However, the Company may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority
over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. In the event of dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire
and will be worthless. 

On March 13, 2023, in connection
with the stockholders vote at the Annual Meeting, 5,873,364 shares were redeemed by certain shareholders at a price of approximately 10.31
per share, including interest generated and extension payments deposited in the Trust Account, in an aggregate amount of 60,583,162. 

Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain
additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern due to business
combination is not consummated by September 13, 2023 (unless further extended). These financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

33 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services to us. We began
incurring these fees on March 4, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business
combination and our liquidation. Also, we are committed to the below: 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares, the Private Placement Warrants (and their underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
on the effective date of the Public Offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that
we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any
time commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority
of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect
to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We are committed to pay the
Deferred Fee committed to pay the Deferred Discount of the Initial Public Offering, to the underwriter upon the Company s consummation
of the business combination. The deferred fee can be paid in cash. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any significant accounting policies. 

Warrant accounting 

We account for warrants as
either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet
the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under
ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own common stock and whether the warrant holders could potentially require
 net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment,
which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period
end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

34 

For issued or modified warrants
that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time
of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to
be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the
estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. 

As the warrants issued upon
the IPO and private placements meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480, therefore, the warrants are classified as equity. 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

We account for its common stock
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 
Common stocks subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stocks (including common stocks that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, common stocks are classified as stockholders equity. Our common stocks feature certain redemption rights that are subject
to the occurrence of uncertain future events and considered to be outside of our control. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
10,350,000 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
equity section of our balance sheet. 

Offering costs 

We comply with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the
Public Offering and that were charged to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Public Offering. 

Net loss per share 

We calculate net loss per share
in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share . In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to
both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable
common stock and non-redeemable common stock and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends
paid. We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the
redeemable and non-redeemable common stock. Any remeasurement of the accretion to the redemption value of the common stock subject to
possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public stockholders. As of December 31, 2022, we have not considered the
effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private warrants to purchase an aggregate of 9,896,250 shares in
the calculation of diluted net loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and
the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and we did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same
as basic loss per share for the period presented. 

35 

The net income (loss) per share
presented in the statement of operations is based on the following: 

December 31, 
 Period from 
 March 4, 
 2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 475,491 
 (181,960 
 
 Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 (1,516,986 
 (13,538,880 
 
 Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 (1,041,495 
 (13,720,840 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 Period from 
March 4 (inception) 
through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Redeemable 
 Ordinary 
 Share 
 Non- 
 Redeemable Ordinary Share 
 Redeemable 
 Ordinary 
 Share 
 Non-Redeemable 
 Ordinary Share 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Numerators: 

Allocation of net loss including carrying value to redemption value 
 (829,988 
 (211,507 
 (2,638,991 
 (11,081,849 
 
 Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 1,516,986 
 - 
 13,538,880 
 - 
 
 Allocation of net income (loss) 
 686,998 
 (211,507 
 10,899,889 
 (11,081,849 
 
 Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 
 10,350,000 
 2,637,500 
 616,887 
 2,590,480 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 
 0.07 
 (0.08 
 17.67 
 (4.28 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

36 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements and
the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with
the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the
participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon
that evaluation, due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, our Certifying Officers concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

37 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of the following material weakness: the Company s annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (the Original Form 10-K contained an unintentional error in its content. It
was inadvertently and incorrectly stated in Item 7 of Part II of the Original Form 10-K that there was a going concern issue for the Company
but in fact there was no such issue. The Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2022 (the Original Form
8-K also contained a similar unintentional error in its content, where it was inadvertently and incorrectly stated in Item 4.01
of the Original Form 8-K that the audit report on the financial statements of the Company for the period from March 4, 2021 (date of inception)
through December 31, 2021 contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, but in fact there
was no such uncertainty. The Company subsequently filed an amended Form 10-K and amended Form 8-K on January 13, 2023 to rectify the errors. 

A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

38 

part
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets
forth information about our directors and executive officers as of April 12, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Director and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Felix Yun Pun Wong 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Michael Lawrence Coyne 
 
 35 
 
 Director 
 
 Albert Chang 
 
 35 
 
 Director 
 
 Ms. Xu 
 
 40 
 
 Director 

Cheuk Hang Chow. Mr. Chow
has been serving as our Chief Executive Officer since February 17, 2023. He has almost a decade of C-suite leadership and business
development experience in several industries including technology, media and entertainment. From January 2022 to November 2022,
Mr. Chow was the CEO of MetaOne Limited, a non-fungible token (NFT) asset management platform based in Asia. Prior to that,
from August 2015 to December 2021, he served as CEO to China Creative Digital Entertainment Limited (formerly HMV Digital China
Group), an investment holding company principally engaged in media and entertainment businesses in East Asia. Concurrently, from December 2016
to September 2021, Mr. Chow was also Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Executive Director to China Food and Beverage Group Limited
(HKG:8272), an investment holding company principally engaged in operating restaurant businesses in Hong Kong. Apart from these roles,
he has also served as an independent non-executive director to game developer and service provider company ME2ZEN Limited (950190.KQ)
from February 2019 to January 2021, and to China Food and Beverage Group Limited (HKG:8272) from December 2016 to December 2021.
From September 2010 to December 2013, Mr. Chow worked as a finance manager in AV Concept Holdings Limited, a leading marketing
and distribution company for semiconductors and electronic components, and before that, from February 2009 to September 2010,
he was with financial and public relations consultancy Wonderful Sky Financial Group (01260.HK) as an Investor Relations associate. He
started his career in Risk Advisory at KPMG from December 2007. Mr. Chow earned his Bachelor of Engineering degree from the
University of Hong Kong in August 2007. We believe that Mr. Chow is qualified to serve on our board of directors based
on his extensive leadership experience and his network in the technology, media and entertainment industries. 

Felix Yun Pun Wong. Mr. Wong
has been serving as our Chief Financial Officer since April 9, 2021. He has years of executive experience with multiple leadership
positions and a track record in helping private companies enter the public market. He has been the principal of Ascent Partners Advisory
Service Limited, a finance advisory firm, since March 2020. From November 2017 to December 2020, Mr. Wong held the
position of chief financial officer at Tottenham Acquisition I Limited, a publicly listed special purpose acquisition corporation (NASDAQ:
TOTA), which merged with Clene Nanomedicine Inc. (NASDAQ: CLNN) in December 2020. From August 2015 to September 2017, he
has served as chief financial officer at Raytron Technologies Limited, a leading Chinese national high-tech enterprise. His main
responsibilities include overseeing the financial functions of the firm, assisting in establishing corporate ventures for investment,
and working on deal origination of new businesses in the corporate group. Prior to that, he was chief financial officer and executive
director of Tsing Capital from January 2012 to July 2015, where he managed four funds with a total investment amount of US 600 million
and focused on environmental and clean technology investments. Mr. Wong also served as senior director and chief financial officer
of Spring Capital, a US 250 million fund, from October 2008 until June 2011. Additionally, Mr. Wong was the chief
financial officer of Natixis Private Equity Asia from November 2006 till October 2008 and an associate director of JAFCO Asia
from March 2002 to October 2006. Mr. Wong was a finance manager for Icon Medialab from July 2000 to December 2001,
a senior finance manager of Nielsen from August 1998 to July 2000, Planning-Free Shopper from April 1992 to August 1998
and an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers from August 1989 until March 2000. Mr. Wong earned his Masters of Business degree
in 2003 from Curtin University in Australia and a Professional Diploma in Company Secretaryship and Administration from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic University in 1989. We believe that Mr. Wong is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive experience
in venture capital and with public companies. 

39 

Michael Lawrence Coyne. Mr. Coyne
has been serving as our independent director since February 17, 2023. He has 8 years of extensive capitals markets, business
development, and deal origination experience. Since January 2023, Mr. Coyne has been serving as a Principal and Head of Capital
Markets in the financial advisory firm Benjamin Securities. From February 2018 to January 2023, Mr. Coyne was a partner
and Head of Capital Markets at Ingalls Snyder, LLC, an investment advisory firm. From August 2015 to February 2018,
Mr. Coyne served as Vice President and Head of Equity Syndicate of Capital Integration Systems LLC, an online financial services
platform based in New York. Prior to that, in March 2015, he began his career in financial services at the Blackstone Group,
as a private wealth management intern. Concurrently, from February 2012 to July 2019, Mr. Coyne served as 1 st Lieutenant,
executive Officer, task force officer-in-charge and platoon leader and operations officer of the Army National Guard and the U.S. Army.
Mr. Coyne passed the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Series 7, 63, 24, 79 examination and obtained
a Securities Industry Essentials (SIE) license in September 2, 2015; January 25, 2016; September 24, 2018; August 22,
2018 and October 1, 2018, respectively. Mr. Coyne obtained a bachelor of arts degree in political science and international
affairs from Northeastern University and a master of business administration degree from Leonard N. Stern School of Business, New York
University in 2011 and 2019, respectively. We believe that Mr. Coyne is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his
extensive experience in capitals markets, business development, deal origination specializing in TMT sector as well as his SPAC expertise. 

Albert Chang. Mr. Chang
has been serving as our independent director since March 4, 2021. He has also been serving as the vice president at Insight Soul
Partners, a technology venture fund, since June 2020. Prior to 2020, he served as the vice president at Kenetic Capital, a blockchain
venture capital investment firm, from October 2017 to December 2018. He led the seed investment into BlockFi, a leading financial
services company in the blockchain space. Prior to this role, Mr. Chang served as an analyst at Pacific Century Group, from March 2014
to October 2017, where he helped manage corporate finance, venture investment and mergers and acquisitions. He executed the series
D investment in Tokopedia, one of Indonesia s leading e-commerce marketplaces on behalf of Pacific Century Group. He was a
strategic development analyst at PCCW Solutions, a leading IT services company in Hong Kong and mainland China, during April 2012
to August 2014, before taking on the position as an M A analyst at PCCW Corporate, a company focused on technology, media 
telecommunications (TMT), from August 2012 to March 2014. Mr. Chang graduated from Imperial College Business School with
a Master in International Health Management in 2010, and received his Bachelor in Psychology from the University of Warwick in 2009. We
believe that Mr. Chang is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his experience in venture capital and TMT industry
expertise. 

Yan
Xu. Ms. Xu has been serving as our independent director since March 1, 2023. Ms. Xu has over 9 years
of experience working in the Chinese gaming market and in a variety of industries in the Japanese market. She has also worked closely
with top executives in PRC companies. Ms. Xu has been an independent director for Ace Global Business Acquisition Limited since February
2021. Since February 2014, Ms. Xu has served as the head of the Japanese division for Whiz Partners Asia Ltd where she worked closely
with Japanese companies to help identify potential Chinese partners to expand their business operations. She has also been the vice president
of the China Hero Fund project, one of the first funds created to support game developers in China since 2016. Prior to this role, she
worked as the assistant to the chief executive officer for Blue Ridge China, where she was responsible for post-investment tracking.
Between 2008 to 2011, she worked at SinoCom Software Group Ltd. as secretary to the Third Division and Team Leader of the Translation
Department. Ms. Xu also spent three years working at Neusoft Group Co. Ltd as secretary of business software division and team leader
of translation department. She graduated from Dalian University of Foreign Studies with a Bachelors in Japanese in July 2003, and from
Jilin University with a minor in law in July 2005. We believe that Ms. Xu is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on her
experience with gaming industry expertise. 

40 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have five directors upon
completion of the IPO. Each member of our board of directors will be elected at our annual meetings. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers (including, without
limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be determined by the board
of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer and Director Compensation 

None of our officers has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. No other compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting
fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our
sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying
and consummating an initial business combination. 

41 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any
action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination,
although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with
us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions
with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors have
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and
a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be
comprised solely of independent directors, and subject to certain limited exceptions, Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee
and nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu serve as members of our audit committee, and Yan
Xu chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu meet the independent
director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Yan Xu qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

42 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu serve as members of our compensation committee. Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all
of whom must be independent. Each of Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu are independent, and Albert Chang chairs the compensation
committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

43 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment
to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 21 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders,
officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation
of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation
committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Michael Lawrence Coyne, Albert Chang and Yan Xu, each of whom is an independent
director under Nasdaq listing standards. Michael Lawrence Coyne chairs the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons
identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

44 

The nominating committee will
consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in
evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or
attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

Prior to the consummation of
the IPO, we have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics
and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which the prospectus relating to the IPO
is a part. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to
or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which
such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Investors should also be aware
of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

45 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares in such situation. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 21 months after the closing of the IPO, although they will be entitled to such liquidating distributions with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) 180 days after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock, warrants and rights following the IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares would be subject to the same restrictions. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors
of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

46 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligation: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Felix Yun Pun Wong 
 
 Ascent Partners Advisory Service Limited 
 
 corporate valuation and advisory 
 
 Principal 
 
 Michael Lawrence Coyne 
 
 Benjamin Securities, Hauppauge NY 

investment firm 
 
 Principal 
 
 Albert Chang 
 
 Insight Soul Partners 
 
 venture capital fund 
 
 Vice president 
 
 Yan Xu 
 
 Ace Global Business Acquisition Limited 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Independent Director 

Accordingly, if any of the
above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities
to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law,
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our
directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law,
authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from
their actions as directors. 

47 

We entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise
benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs
of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions,
the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented
and experienced officers and directors. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and
greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any
employment agreements with our executive officers, and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

We pay 10,000 per month administrative
fee to an affiliate of our sponsor until completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation. No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

48 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers
and directors as a group as of April 12, 2023. As of April 12, 2023, we had 7,114,136 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights, as the warrants are not exercisable, and the rights are not convertible, within
60 days of the date of this report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Outstanding 
 Shares of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Soul Venture Partners LLC (2) 
 2,467,500 
 34.7 
 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 
 20,000 

Felix Yun Pun Wong 
 30,000 

Michael Lawrence Coyne 
 20,000 

Albert Chang 
 25,000 

Yan Xu 
 12,500 

All directors and executive officers (five individuals) as a group 
 107,500 

Other 5 stockholders 

Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC / MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio / MAP 204 Segregated Portfolio / MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio / Shaolin Capital Partners SP / LHP Ireland Fund Management Limited / MAP 501 / LMAP 909 / LMAP 910 (3) 
 1,175,787 
 16.5 
 
 Feis Equities LLC / Lawrence M. Feis (4) 
 371,324 
 5.2 
 
 MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio (5) 
 750,724 
 10.6 
 
 Weiss Asset Management LP / WAM GP LLC /Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D. (6) 
 700,000 
 9.8 
 
 Harraden Circle Investors, LP / Harraden Circle Investors GP, LP / Harraden Circle Investors GP, LLC / Harraden Circle Investments, LLC / Frederick V. Fortmiller, Jr. (7) 
 400,000 
 5.6 

Less
 than 1 . 

(1) Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals or entities is c/o 875
 Washington Street, New York, NY 10014. 

(2) Soul Venture Partners LLC is the record holder of the shares of common
stock reported herein. Mr. Jason Wong, by virtue of his control over our sponsor, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by
our sponsor. 

(3) Information is based solely on a report on an amended Schedule 13G
filed by Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC Lighthouse ), MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 136 ), MAP 204 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 204 ), MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio,
a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC MAP 214 ), Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC Shaolin ),
LHP Ireland Fund Management Limited LHP Ireland ), MAP 501, a sub-trust of LMA Ireland MAP 501 ), LMAP 909,
a sub-fund of LMAP Ireland ICAV LMAP 909 and LMAP 910, a sub-fund of LMAP Ireland ICAV LMAP 910 (collectively,
the Reporting Persons on February 14, 2023. The principal business office of the Reporting Persons is located at 3801 PGA
Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410, 32 Molesworth Street, Dublin, D02 Y512, Ireland. Lighthouse serves as the investment
manager of MAP 136, MAP 204, MAP 214, and Shaolin whereas LHP Ireland serves as the manager to MAP 501, LMAP 909 and LMAP 910. Because
Lighthouse and LHP Ireland may be deemed to control MAP 136, MAP 204, MAP 214, Shaolin, MAP 501, LMAP 909, and LMAP 910, as applicable,
Lighthouse and LHP Ireland may be deemed to beneficially own, and to have the power to vote or direct the vote of, and the power to direct
the disposition of the shares of common stock reported herein. 

49 

(4) Information is based solely on a report on an amended Schedule 13G filed by Feis Equities LLC Feis and Lawrence M. Feis Lawrence on March 24, 2022. The principal business office of Feis and Lawrence is located at 20 North
Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606. Feis and Lawrence possess the sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect
to the shares of common stock reported herein 

(5) Information is based solely on a report on Schedule 13G filed by Yakira Capital Management, Inc on behalf of
MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio MAP 136 on January 31, 2023. The principal business office is located at 1555 Post Road East,
Suite 202, Westport, CT 06880. MAP 136 possesses the sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to the shares of common
stock reported herein. 

(6) 

 Information is based solely on a report on Schedule
13G filed by Weiss Asset Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership Weiss Asset Management ), WAM GP LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company WAM GP and Andrew M. Weiss, Ph.D. Andrew Weiss on February 10, 2023. The principle
business office of Weiss Asset Management, WAM GP and Andrew Weiss is located at 222 Berkeley St., 16 th floor, Boston, Massachusetts
02116. Weiss Asset Management is the sole investment manager to a private investment partnership (the Partnership and private
investment funds Funds ). WAM GP is the sole general partner of Weiss Asset Management. Andrew Weiss is the managing member
of WAM GP. The shares of common stock reported herein for WAM GP, Andrew Weiss and Weiss Asset Management include shares beneficially
owned by the Partnership and the Funds. Each of WAM GP, Weiss Asset Management and Andrew Weiss disclaims beneficial ownership of the
shares of common stock reported herein as beneficially owned by each except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interest therein. 

(7) Information
is based solely on a report on Schedule 13G filed by Harraden Circle Investors, LP Harraden Fund ), Harraden Circle Investors
GP, LP Harraden GP ), Harraden Circle Investors GP, LLC Harraden LLC ), Harraden Circle Investments, LLC Harraden Adviser and Frederick V. Fortmiller, Jr. Mr. Fortmiller (each, a Reporting Person on March 21, 2023. The principle business office of each Reporting Person is located at 299 Park Avenue, 21 st Floor, New York,
NY 10171. The shares of common stock reported herein are directly beneficially owned by Harraden Fund. Harraden GP is the general partner
to Harraden Fund, and Harraden LLC is the general partner of Harraden GP. Harraden Adviser serves as investment manager to Harraden Fund
and other high net worth individuals. Mr. Fortmiller is the managing member of each of Harraden LLC and Harraden Adviser. In such capacities,
each of Harraden GP, Harraden LLC, Harraden Adviser and Mr. Fortmiller may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the shares of common
stock reported herein directly beneficially owned by Harraden Fund. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
March 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,587,500 founder shares to our Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or
approximately 0.01 per share. Subsequently, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 220,000 shares to our officers and directors, resulting
in an aggregate of 2,587,500 shares of common stock outstanding to our initial stockholders. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement Private Placement with the Sponsor of an aggregate
of 4,721,250 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant. The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO, subject to limited exceptions. The private placement warrants (including the common
stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

In
April 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us 1,000,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO pursuant to a promissory note.
The note is non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable promptly after the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates the IPO
or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct the IPO. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust
account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant
at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as
we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our trust account. On December 13, 2021, we drew 134,885 against the promissory note and the entire balance was repaid on December
16, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, we had a temporary advance of 181,835 and 10,253 from our Sponsor, respectively. The balance is unsecured, interest-free
and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

50 

We
are obligated to pay our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services. However, pursuant to the terms of
such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held
outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with the initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will
accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Other
than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior
to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital
loans (if any) and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. 

Related
Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever
possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved
by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate
amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant,
and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner of our ordinary
shares, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest
situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and
effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits
as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential conflicts of interest, we have agreed
not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our initial shareholders unless we obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial point
of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or initial shareholders, or any entity with which they
are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order
to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

51 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor
or officers, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made
to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the IPO held in the
trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Payment
to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 21 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses
 related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which
 may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in
 connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
 been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant
 at the option of the lender. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum and Friedman LLP Friedman ), prior
to the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman by Marcum effective September 1, 2022, for services rendered.. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by Friedman and Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Friedman
and Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included
in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for year ended December 31, 2022 and the period
from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 90,750 and 63,000, respectively. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We
did not pay Friedman or Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the year ended December
31, 2022 and the period from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Friedman or Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from
March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Friedman or Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 4,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing
services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since
the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services
and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of
the audit). 

52 

part
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(a) 
 Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm 
 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Statements
 of Operations 
 
 F-5 

Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-6 

Statements
 of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8
 F-22 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules
 have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required
 or are not applicable 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained on the
SEC website at sec.report. 

53 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Securities, Inc., as representative of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2021 (the Form 8-K )) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K) 

3.2 
 
 By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, originally filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021 (File No. 333-257426), as amended (the Registration Statement )) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement) 

4.5 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement) 

4.6 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K) 

4.7 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K) 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and among the Company and its officers and directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K) 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and its Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K) 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 8-K) 

54 

10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K) 

10.7 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 8-K) 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2023) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement) 

14.2 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement) 

14.3 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement) 

14.4 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Inception Growth Acquisition Limited 

Dated: April
14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Name: 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Cheuk
 Hang Chow 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Cheuk Hang Chow 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yun
 Pun Felix Wong 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Yun Pun Felix Wong 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael
 Lawrence Coyne 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Michael Lawrence Coyne 

/s/ Albert
 Chang 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Albert Chang 

/s/ Yan
 Xu 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Yan Xu 

56 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 711) F-3 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-6 Statement of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 F-22 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Inception Growth Acquisition Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are
not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance
date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of 

Inception Growth Acquisition
Limited 

Opinion on the Financial
Statement 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of
operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the period from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

This financial statement
is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statement based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statement. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We have served as the
Company s auditor from 2021 through 2022. 

New York, New York 

March 31, 2022 

F- 3 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepayment 

Total current assets 

Cash
 and investments held in trust account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES,
 TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Income
 tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Amount
 due to a related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred
 underwriting compensation 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Common stock, subject to possible redemption shares (at redemption value of and per share) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 10,350,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Period from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Formation, general and administrative expenses 

Other income 

Dividend income 

Interest income 
 
 -

Total other income, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 
 -

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Inception Growth Acquisition Limited

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Inception Growth Acquisition Limited

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

Common stock 
 
 Total 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 deficit 
 stockholders 
deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 -

Net income for the year 
 - 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Period
 from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Common
 stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

No.
 of 
shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in
 
capital 
 Accumulated
 
deficit 
 stockholders 
 deficit 
 
 Balance
 as of March 4, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock to founders 

- 

Sale
 of units in initial public offering 

- 

Sale
 of private warrants to the founder in private placement 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale
 of representative share 

- 
 - 
 
 Initial
 classification of common stock subject to possible redemption 

- 

Allocation
 of offering costs to common stock subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion
 of carrying value to redemption value 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2021 

- 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Period from March 4, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Interest income and dividend income earned in cash and investments income held in trust account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in prepayment 

(Decrease) increase in accrual liabilities 

Increase in income tax payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceed from issuance of common stock 
 -

Proceed from public offering, net with of offering costs 
 -

Proceed from private placement 
 -

Proceed from promissory note related party 
 - 

Repayment to promissory note related party 
 - 

Advance from a related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 
 -

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Income tax paid 
 -
 
 -

Interest paid 
 -
 
 -

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption 
 -

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to possible redemption 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Accrued underwriting compensation 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

INCEPTION
GROWTH ACQUISITION LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ordinary units (the Public Units ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment
option in the amount of Public Units, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described
in Note 3. 

Warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of per warrant
in a private placement to Soul Venture Partners LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 4. 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of
other offering costs. In addition, at December 13, 2021, cash of were held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below)
and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes net with transferred to the Trust Account
on December 13, 2021. 

per Public Unit) held in
Trust Account was invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act,
with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain
conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business
Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s stockholders, as described below, except
that interest earned on the Trust Account can be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. As of December 31, 2022, investment
securities in the Company s Trust Account consisted of in United States Treasury Bills and in cash. 

F- 8 

of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will
only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding
shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

per Public Share, subject to increase of
up to an additional per Public Share in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination (see below), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 8). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants. The common stock will be
recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). 

upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially
the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

F- 9 

shares of the Company s common stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed
Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December
8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination
for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection with the Company s
initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer
to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue
to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. The Company has waived the transfer restrictions set forth in the Letter Agreement
dated December 8, 2021, between the Company and Sponsor (the Letter Agreement ), regarding the transfers of the shares contemplated
by the Non-Redemption Agreement. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and
EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC EF Hutton ). EF Hutton has consented in writing to waive the transfer
restrictions set forth in Sections 15 and 18 of the Letter Agreement in connection to the transfers of the shares contemplated by the
Non-Redemption Agreements. 

shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection
with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and
approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust
Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months
without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. In
exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party
an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed
Shares through the Meeting. 

Non-Redeemed Shares. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares,
the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following
the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection
with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company and held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and
approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust
Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months
without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. In
exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party
an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed
Shares through the Meeting. 

F- 10 

The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting
commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for
distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 

per share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, except as to any claims by
a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and working capital of . The Company has incurred and expects
to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will not
have sufficient cash to meet its needs to execute its intended initial Business Combination in the next twelve months from the date of
the issuance of the accompanying financial statements. 

of the Company s outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate
and dissolve. However, the Company may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority
over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. In the event of dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire
and will be worthless. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

F- 13 

F- 14 

shares in the calculation of diluted net loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants is
contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have
any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share
in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. 

Accretion of carrying
 value to redemption value 

Net loss
 including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

F- 15 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 -

-

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

, or approximately per share. 

F- 16 

Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Public Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock,
one-half (1/2) of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one share of common stock. Each Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise
price of per whole share. 

(including over-allotment shares) Public Shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business
Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in
connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stocks subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated Public
 Warrants 

Proceeds allocated Public
 Rights 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 2021 

Accretion of carrying
 value to redemption value 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock subject to possible redemption 

Warrants at a price
of per Warrant, in the aggregate), in each case, in a private warrant that will occur simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering (the Private Warrants ). Each Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common
stock at a price of per whole share. The Private Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. The proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Warrants will
expire worthless. 

F- 17 

founder shares to the initial shareholder for an aggregate purchase price
of . 

representative shares to the underwriter. 

shares of common stock,
excluding share of common stock subject to possible redemption. 

(the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) April 30, 2021 or (ii) the date on which the Company determines not to conduct an initial public offering. As of December 13,
2021, the Company drew against the promissory note and the entire balance was repaid on December 16, 2021. 

and from the Sponsor, respectively. The balance
is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

for general and administrative
services. This agreement will terminate upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or the liquidation of the trust account
to public stockholders. 

shares of common stock at par value . Holders of the Company s common stocks are
entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stocks were issued and outstanding, excluding
 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. 

F- 18 

after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 19 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

F- 20 

corporate minimum tax
effective in 2023, a tax on share repurchases after December 31, 2022, and created and extended certain tax-related energy incentives.
We currently do not expect the tax-related provisions of the IRA to have a material impact on our financial results. 

Net operating loss 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

-

Deferred 

State: 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

F- 21 

and . 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 
 
 Effective Tax Rate 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, primarily due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

shares of the Company s common stock
sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called
by the Company to be held on March 13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to
the Company s investment management trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend
the time for the Company to complete its initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to
the trust account established in connection with the Company s initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments
not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of
the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. The
Company has waived the transfer restrictions set forth in the Letter Agreement dated December 8, 2021, between the Company and Sponsor
(the Letter Agreement ), regarding the transfers of the Common Stock contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreement. Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021, by and between the Company and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC EF Hutton ). EF Hutton has consented in writing to waive the transfer restrictions set forth in Sections 15 and 18
of the Letter Agreement in connection to the transfers of the Common Stock contemplated by the Non-Redemption Agreements. 

shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company to be held on March
13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management
trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its
initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the
Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following
the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

Non-Redeemed Shares. In exchange for the foregoing commitments
not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of
the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

shares of the Common Stock sold in its initial public offering Non-Redeemed Shares in connection with the annual meeting of the stockholders called by the Company to be held on March
13, 2023 (the Meeting to consider and approve, among other things, an amendment to the Company s investment management
trust agreement dated December 8, 2021, (the Trust Amendment Proposal to extend the time for the Company to complete its
initial business combination for a period of six months without having to make any payment to the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such Non-Redeemed Shares, the
Sponsor has agreed to transfer to such third party an aggregate of up to shares of the Common Stock held by the Sponsor following
the Meeting if they continue to hold such Non-Redeemed Shares through the Meeting. 

shares were redeemed by certain shareholders
at a price of approximately per share, including interest generated and extension payments deposited in the Trust Account, in
an aggregate amount of . 

F-22 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_inceptiongro.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

INCEPTION GROWTH ACQUISITION
LIMITED 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

We
are incorporated as a Delaware corporation. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital
stock consists of 26,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our
capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one whole share of common stock, one-half (1/2) of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our
final prospectus related to our initial public offering. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share
of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. On January 21, 2022, our shares of common stock, warrants and rights
underlying the units sold in our initial public offering began to trade separately on a voluntary basis. Holders have the option to continue
to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent
in order to separate the units into shares of common stock, warrants and rights. 

We
will not issue fractional shares upon conversion of the rights once the units separate, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As
a result, you must have 10 rights to receive one share of common stock at the closing of the business combination. 

Common Stock 

As of April 12, 2023, there
were 7,144,136 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock
exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter
voted on by our stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up 26,000,000 shares of common stock, if we were to enter
into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business
combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an
annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written
consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual
meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public share. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order
to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations
in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion
of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer
documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption
rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or
we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted
in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares
of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of
the company entitled to vote at such meeting. 

However,
the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus),
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate
their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We
intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such
meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business
combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on
the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete
the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in
order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including
in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder
shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors and the shares held by the representative, we would need only 525,001, or approximately
5.83 , of the 9,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming
only a quorum is present at the meeting and all shares to be issued to EF Hutton and/or its designees are issued and outstanding and voted
in favor of the business combination) in order to have our initial business combination approved (not taking into account the shares sold
pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option). Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

2 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 15 months
(or up to 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus) from the closing of our
initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 21
months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in
or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for
each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The
founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders
of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain
transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 15 months (or up to 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this
prospectus) from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 21
months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time
period, and (iii) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for
a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in
favor of our initial business combination. Permitted transferees of the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors would
be subject to the same restrictions applicable to our sponsor, officers or directors, respectively. 

3 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other
persons or entities affiliated with or related to our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the
earlier of (A) 180 days after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the reported last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash,
securities or other property. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per full share, subject to
adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year after the registration statement relating to our initial
public offering becomes effective or the completion of our initial business combination. A warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of shares of common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.
No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase
a multiple of two units, the number of warrants issuable to you upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole
number of warrants. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. 

No
public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such common stock. We are not registering the
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in
no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our
best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial business combination and
to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the
warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If the Section 3(a)(9)
exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In the event
that holders are able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value; provided, however, that no cashless exercise shall be permitted
unless the Fair Market Value is equal to or higher than the exercise price. The fair market value shall mean the average
last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

4 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors, and in the case of any
such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them prior
to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common
stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination
(such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of
the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our common
stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement
in effect with respect to the issuance of the common stock underlying such warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day
trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. 

If
the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior
to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the 18.00 trigger price (as adjusted) as well
as the 11.50 warrant exercise price (as adjusted) after the redemption notice is issued. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price
so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the
exercise price of the warrants. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the
dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants.
In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by
the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair
market value; provided, however, that no cashless exercise shall be permitted unless the Fair Market Value is equal to or higher than
the exercise price. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of the common stock for the 10
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For
example, if a holder held 150 warrants to purchase 150 shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was 15.00,
that holder would receive 35 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require
all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our
common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

5 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure
any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding warrants (including the private placement warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the
event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants
will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent,
with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment
of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants
being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they
exercise their warrants and receive common stock. After the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be
entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except
as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue common stock unless at the time a holder
seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the common
stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the
warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a
current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant
exercise. If the prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the common stock
is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and
the warrants may expire worthless. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant
agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding
or claim. See the section titled Risk Factors Our warrant agreement and rights agreement will designate the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants or rights, which could limit the ability of
warrant or right holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. in the final prospectus in relation
to our initial public offering. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange
Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

6 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering and the sale of the over-allotment units on December 13, 2021, we consummated the private
placement with our sponsor of 4,721,250 warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 4,721,250. These
private placement warrants were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant
to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 or up to 21 months from the closing
of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. 

The
private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our
initial public offering except that the private placement warrants will be entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants
(including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

Rights 

Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even
if the holder of such right redeemed all common stock held by him, her or it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional common stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors
in our initial public offering. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by
affiliates of ours). 

If
we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement
will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the
transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her
or its rights in order to receive the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation
of the business combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the
rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

Promptly
upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our
rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full shares
of common stock to which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights
agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging
their rights for common stock should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature
and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no
ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required
to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

We
will not issue any fractional shares upon conversions of the rights and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, a holder
must have 10 rights to receive one share of common stock at the closing of the business combination. In the event that any holder would
otherwise be entitled to any fractional share upon exchange of his, her or its rights, we will reserve the option, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the
rounding down of any entitlement to receive common stock to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement),
or the holder being entitled to hold any remaining fractional entitlement (without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same with
any future fractional entitlement to receive shares in the company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. Any rounding
down and extinguishment will be done without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant rights.
All holders of rights shall be treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the rights. 

7 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights
agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding
or claim. See the section titled Risk Factors Our warrant agreement and rights agreement will designate the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants or rights, which could limit the ability of
warrant or right holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. in the final prospectus in relation
to our initial public offering. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange
Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent,
Warrant Agent and Rights Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock, warrant agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, warrant
agent and rights agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that
may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering
that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval
of the majority of the holders of our common stock entitled to vote thereon who are present in person or by proxy at the meeting. Our
initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own approximately 20 of our common stock as at the date of this annual report, will
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner
they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within 15 months (or up to 21 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this prospectus) from
the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 
of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 50,000 interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

8 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing
so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our
initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we
maintain our registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek
redemption in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of our initial public offering
or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will
provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain Anti-Takeover
Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of our initial public
offering. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination 
with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

9 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203
do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial
business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent,
by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety
of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence
of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by
means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum Selection 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in
our name, actions against our directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and
(b) any action or claim arising under the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If an action is brought outside of
Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel.
Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to
which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have
the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. In addition, our stockholders cannot waive compliance with federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought
under the Securities Act of 1933, or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

10 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting
of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply
with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Any
action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such
stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders. 

Securities Eligible
for Future Sale 

As
of March 25, 2022, we had 12,987,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Of these shares, the 10,350,000 shares sold in our
initial public offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares
purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares and all 4,721,250
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that
they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of common stock and private placement warrants
are subject to transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in this prospectus. These restricted securities will be entitled to registration
rights as more fully described below under Registration Rights. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144 (except as otherwise provided below as relates to shell companies and former shell companies), a person who has beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants and rights for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities
provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the
sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period
as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants and rights for at least six months but who are our affiliates
at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding,
which will equal 129,875 shares; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common
stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of
current public information about us. 

11 

Restrictions on the
Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144
is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies)
or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this
prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports
and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required
to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to
Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and
extension loans (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants and any shares
issuable upon conversion of the underlying the private rights) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders
of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our
units have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol IGTAU. Following the separate
trading of the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights on January 21, 2022, the shares of our common stock, warrants and rights
are listed separately under the symbols IGTA, IGTAW, and IGTAR and as a unit on Nasdaq. 

12 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_inceptiongro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Cheuk Hang Chow, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the Company and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the
audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Cheuk Hang Chow 

Cheuk Hang Chow 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_inceptiongro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Felix Yun Pun Wong, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
Company and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and
have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_inceptiongro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, I, Cheuk Hang Chow, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added
by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Cheuk Hang Chow 

Cheuk Hang Chow 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_inceptiongro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report of Inception Growth Acquisition Limited (the Company ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, I, Felix Yun Pun Wong, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 

/s/ Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Felix Yun Pun Wong 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 igta-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 igta-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 igta-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 igta-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 igta-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

