<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230530_10-K_edgar_data_1602409_0001520138-23-000249.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7371007</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>391693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1498891</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2671353</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1098903</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1504365</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-23-000249.hdr.sgml : 20230530
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230530143801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-23-000249
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230530
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230530

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FingerMotion, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001602409
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				464600326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41187
		FILM NUMBER:		23975202

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1460 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 349-5339

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1460 BROADWAY
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Property Management Corp of America
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140312

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-23-000249.txt : 20230530

10-K
 1
 fngr-20230228_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
 One) 

Annual
 Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended: , 2023 

Transition
 report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the transition period from ______ to _______. 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
or organization) 
 
 (IRS
Employer 
 Identification
Number) 

, 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol (s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None. 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction or an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recover analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter 0.93
on August 31, 2022) was approximately . 

The
registrant had common shares outstanding as of May 22, 2023. 

table
of contents 

PART
 I 
 
 Page 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 18 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 38 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 38 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 38 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 38 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Purchases 
 39 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 41 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 53 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 53 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 62 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 69 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 71 

REFERENCES 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ): (i) the terms the Registrant , we ,
 us , our , FingerMotion and the Company mean FingerMotion, Inc. or as the context
requires, collectively with its consolidated subsidiaries; (ii) SEC refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; (iii)
 Securities Act refers to the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (iv) Exchange Act refers to
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise
indicated. 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements give
our current expectations of forecasts of future events. All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained
in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, new products, budgets, liquidity,
cash flows, projected costs, regulatory approvals or the impact of any laws or regulations applicable to us, and plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 should, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, 
 will, and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

We
have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. While we believe these expectations are
reasonable, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control.
Our actual future results may differ materially from those discussed or implied in our forward-looking statements for various reasons.
Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: 

international,
 national and local general economic and market conditions including impacts from the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the
 related sanctions and other measures, changes in the rates of investments or economic growth in key markets we serve, or an escalation
 of sanctions, tariffs or other trade tensions between the U.S. and China or other countries, and related impacts on our businesses.; 

demographic
 changes; 

natural
 phenomena (including the current COVID-19 pandemic); 

the
 ability of the Company to sustain, manage or forecast its growth; 

the
 ability of the Company to manage its VIE contracts; 

the
 ability of the Company to maintain its relationships and licenses in China; 

adverse
 publicity; 

competition
 and changes in the Chinese telecommunications market; 

fluctuations
 and difficulty in forecasting operating results; 

business
 disruptions, such as technological failures and/or cybersecurity breaches; 

future
 decision by management in response to changing conditions; 

our
 ability to execute prospective business plans; 

misjudgments
 in the course of preparing forward-looking statements; 

our
 ability to raise sufficient funds to carry out our proposed business plan; 

actions
 by government authorities, including changes in government regulation; 

dependency
 on certain key personnel and any inability to retain and attract qualified personnel; 

inability
 to reduce and adequately control operating costs; 

failure
 to manage future growth effectively; and 

and
 the other factors discussed below in Item 1A. Risk Factors , in Item 7. Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in other filings we make with the SEC. 

Although
management has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking
statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. Forward-looking statements
might not prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking
statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We wish to advise you that these cautionary
remarks expressly qualify, in their entirety, all forward-looking statements attributable to our company or persons acting on our company s
behalf. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in
other factors affecting such statements, except as, and to the extent required by, applicable securities laws. You should carefully review
the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in this Annual Report and other documents that we may file from time to time with
the SEC. 

INTRODUCTORY
COMMENTS 

We
are a holding company incorporated in Delaware and not a Chinese operating company. As a holding company, we conduct a significant part
of our operations through our subsidiaries and through contractual arrangements with a variable interest entity VIE based in the People s Republic of China PRC or China ). To address challenges resulting
from laws, policies and practices that may disfavor foreign-owned entities that operate within industries deemed sensitive by the Chinese
government, we use the VIE structure to provide contractual exposure to foreign investment in Chinese-based companies. We own 100 of
the equity of a wholly foreign owned enterprise WFOE ), which has entered into contractual arrangements with the
VIE (the VIE Agreements ), which is owned by Ms. Li Li the legal representative and general manager, and also the
shareholder of the VIE. The VIE Agreements have not been tested in court. For a description of the VIE structure and our contractual
arrangements with the VIE, see Business Corporate Information VIE Agreements . As a result of our use of
the VIE structure, you may never directly hold equity interests in the VIE. 

Because
we do not directly hold an equity interest in the VIE, which has never been challenged or recognized in court for the time being, we
are subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications of Chinese laws and regulations, including but not limited
to, the validity and enforcement of the contractual arrangements among the WFOE, the VIE and the shareholder of the VIE. We are also
subject to the risks and uncertainties about any future actions of the Chinese government in this regard that could disallow the VIE
structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations, and the value of our common stock may depreciate significantly
or become worthless. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the VIE Agreements and Risk Factors Risks Related
to Doing Business in China . 

We
are subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with having a significant portion of our operations in China. Chinese laws
and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and as a result, these risks could result
in a material change in our operations, significant depreciation of the value of our common stock, or a complete hindrance of our ability
to offer our securities to investors. Recently, the Chinese government adopted a series of regulatory actions and issued statements to
regulate business operations in China, including those related to the use of VIEs, data security and anti-monopoly concerns. As of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Company and subsidiaries and the VIE have not been involved in any investigations on cybersecurity
review initiated by any Chinese regulatory authority, nor has any of them received any inquiry, notice or sanction. 

On
February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures
of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five
relevant guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures regulate both direct and indirect
overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to
the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if the issuer meets both the following conditions, the overseas securities offering and listing
conducted by such issuer will be determined as indirect overseas offering, which shall subject to the filing procedure set forth under
the Overseas Listing Trial Measures: (i) 50 or more of the issuer s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets
as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by domestic companies;
and (ii) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in mainland China, or its main places of business are
located in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operations and management are mostly Chinese citizens or
domiciled in mainland China. Where an abovementioned issuer submits an application for an initial public offering to competent overseas
regulators, such issuer shall file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted. Where a domestic company
fails to fulfill filing procedure or in violation of the provisions as stipulated above, in respect of its overseas offering and listing,
the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings to such domestic company, and impose a fine ranging from RMB1,000,000 to RMB10,000,000.
Also the directly liable persons and actual controllers of the domestic company that organize or instruct the aforementioned violations
shall be warned and/or imposed fines. 

Also
on February 17, 2023, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice
on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which, among others, clarifies that the domestic
companies that have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures (March 31, 2023)
shall be deemed as stock enterprises . Stock enterprises are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately,
and they shall be required to file with the CSRC when subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Company and subsidiaries and the VIE have not received any inquiry, notice, warning
or sanctions from the CSRC or any other Chinese governmental authorities relating to securities listings, although it seems we may have
to file with the CSRC with respect to a new offering of our securities. However, since these statements and regulatory actions, including
the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, are newly published it is uncertain what potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations
will have on our ability to conduct our business, accept investments or list or maintain a listing on a U.S. or foreign exchange. See
 Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China . 

As
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, none of our subsidiaries or any of the consolidated VIE have made any dividends or distributions
to our Company. Under Delaware law, a Delaware corporation s ability to pay cash dividends on its capital stock requires the corporation
to have either net profits or positive net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over its capital. If we determine to pay dividends
on any of our common stock in the future, as a holding company, we will rely, in part, on payments made from the VIE to our WFOE in accordance
with the VIE Agreements and dividends and other distributions on equity from our WFOE to the Company. Our ability to settle amounts owed
under the VIE Agreements is subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Under the VIE Agreements, the VIE is obligated to make payments
to our WFOE, in cash or in kind, at the WFOE s request. However, such payments are subject to Chinese taxes, including a 6 VAT
and 25 enterprise income tax. In addition, current Chinese regulations permit our WFOE to pay dividends to its shareholders only out
of registered capital amount, if any, as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. If our WFOE incurs
debt in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us. Any limitation
on the ability of our WFOE to distribute dividends or other payments to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow,
make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends or otherwise fund and conduct our business.
In addition, any cash dividends or distributions of assets by our WFOE to its stockholder are subject to a Chinese withholding tax of
as much as 10 . The Chinese government also imposes controls on the conversion of Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies
and the remittance of currencies out of China. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures
necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. If we are unable to receive all
of the revenues from our operations through the current VIE Agreements, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Transfer
of Cash or Assets 

Dividend
Distributions 

We
have never declared or paid dividends or distributions on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any
future consolidated earnings to fund our operations and continue the development and growth of our business; therefore, we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends. 

Under
Delaware law, a Delaware corporation s ability to pay cash dividends on its capital stock requires the corporation to have either
net profits or positive net assets (total assets less total liabilities) over its capital. If we determine to pay dividends on any of
our common stock in the future, as a holding company, we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity from our WFOE for cash
requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash contributions to our shareholders. 

Our
WFOE s ability to distribute dividends is based upon its distributable earnings. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividends
by our WFOE only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits retained
from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. Our WFOE is also required
under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10 of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory
general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reach 50 of our register capital. Current Chinese regulations permit our WFOE to
pay dividends to its shareholder only out of its registered capital amount, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
and regulations. If our WFOE incurs debt in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends
or make other payments to us. Any limitation on the ability of our WFOE to distribute dividends or other payments to us could materially
and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, pay dividends or
otherwise fund and conduct our business. In addition, any cash dividends or distributions of assets by our WFOE to its shareholder are
subject to a Chinese withholding tax of as much as 10 . Remittance of dividends by our WFOE out of China is also subject to examination
by the banks designated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE. For risks relating to the fund flows of our operations
in China, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China. 

The
Chinese government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of China.
Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency
for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. If we are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations through the
current VIE Agreements, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. 

For
us to pay dividends to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from the VIE to our WFOE in accordance with the VIE Agreements,
and the distribution of payments from the WFOE to the Delaware holding company as dividends. Certain payments from the VIE to the WFOE
pursuant to the VIE Agreements are subject to Chinese taxes, including a 6 VAT and 25 enterprise income tax. 

Our
Company s Ability to Settle Amounts Owed under the VIE Agreements 

We
transfer cash to our wholly-owned Hong Kong subsidiary, by making capital contributions or providing loans, and our Hong Kong Subsidiary
transfers cash to the WFOE in China by making capital contributions. Because we control the VIE through contractual arrangements, we
are unable to make direct capital contributions to the VIE and its subsidiaries. 

Under
the VIE Agreements, the VIE is obligated to make payments to our WFOE, in cash or in kind, at the WFOE s request. We will be able
to settle amounts owed under the VIE Agreements through dividends paid by our WFOE to our Company. Such ability may be restricted or
limited as follows: 

First,
 any payments from the VIE to our WFOE is subject to Chinese taxes, including a 6 VAT and 25 enterprise income tax. 

Second,
 current Chinese regulations permit our WFOE to pay dividends to their shareholders only out of its registered capital amount, if
 any, as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, if our WFOE incurs debt in the future,
 the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments to the Delaware holding company. 

Third,
 the Chinese government also imposes controls on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out
 of China. Therefore, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign
 currency for the payment of dividends from profits, if any. 

The
VIE may transfer cash to our WFOE by paying service fees according to the consulting services agreement. 

Effect
of Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and Related SEC Rules. 

On
December 16, 2021, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that
PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in
Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of positions taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB
made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA ). The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix
B, Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Mainland China Determination and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the
Hong Kong Determination, respectively. The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended February 28, 2023
and 2022 was issued by Centurion ZD CPA Co. CZD CPA ), an audit firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction
that the PCAOB previously determined that the PCAOB is unable to conduct inspections or investigate auditors. However, on December 15,
2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting
firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and vote to vacate its previous determinations. Should the PRC authorities obstruct
or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

Under
the HFCAA (as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023), our securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock
exchanges or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years,
and this ultimately could results in our common stock being delisted. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA ), which was enacted under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, as
further described below. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Statement of Protocol gives the PCAOB sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and
potential violations it inspects and investigates and put in place procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete
audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed. In addition, the Statement of Protocol
grants the PCAOB direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates.
While significant, the Statement of Protocol is only a first step. Uncertainties still exists as to whether and how this new Statement
of Protocol will be implemented. Notwithstanding the signing of the Statement of Protocol, if the PCAOB cannot make a determination that
it is able to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, trading
of our securities will still be prohibited under the HFCAA and Nasdaq will determine to delist our securities. Therefore, there is no
assurance that the Statement of Protocol will relieve us from the delisting risks under the HFCAA. 

On
December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was signed into law, which amended the HFCAA (i) to reduce the number of
consecutive years that would trigger delisting from three years to two years, and (ii) so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the
reason why the PCAOB does not to have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s auditors. As it was originally enacted,
the HFCAA applied only if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign
jurisdiction where the relevant public accounting firm is located. As a result of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, the HFCAA
now also applies if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate the relevant accounting firm is due to a position taken by
an authority in any foreign jurisdiction. The denying jurisdiction does not need to be where the accounting firm is located. 

In
the future, if we do not engage an auditor that is subject to regular inspection by the PCAOB, our common stocks may be delisted. The
delisting of our shares of common stock Common Shares ), or the threat of the Common Shares being delisted, may
materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

In
June 2022, we were identified on the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA (available at https://www.sec.gov.hfcaa and, as a results we are required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
our fiscal year ending February 28, 2023. If we are so identified for two consecutive years, the SEC would prohibit our securities
from trading on a securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States the earliest in early
2024. 

Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview 

The
Company is a mobile data specialist company incorporated in Delaware, USA, with its head office located at 111 Somerset Road, Level 3,
Singapore 238164. The Company operates the following lines of business: (i) Telecommunications Products and Services; (ii) Value Added
Products and Services (iii) Short Message Services SMS and Multimedia Messaging Services MMS 
(iv) a Rich Communication Services RCS platform; (v) Big Data Insights; and (vi) a Video Games Division (inactive). 

Telecommunications
Products and Services 

The
Company s current product mix consisting of payment and recharge services, data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, loyalty
points redemption and other products bundles (i.e. mobile protection plans). Chinese mobile phone consumers often utilize third-party
e-marketing websites to pay their phone bills. If the consumer connected directly to the telecommunications provider to pay his or her
bill, the consumer would miss out on any benefits or marketing discounts that e-marketers provide. Thus, consumers log on to these e-marketer s
websites, click into their respective phone provider s store, and top up, or pay, their telecommunications provider
for additional mobile data and talk time. 

To
connect to the respective mobile telecommunications providers, these e-marketers must utilize a portal licensed by the applicable telecommunication
company that processes the payment. We have been granted one of these licenses by China United Network Communications Group Co., Ltd. China Unicom and China Mobile Communications Corporation China Mobile ), each of which is
a major telecommunications provider in China. We principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers
of China Unicom and China Mobile. 

We
conduct our mobile payment business through Shanghai JiuGe Technology Co., Ltd. JiuGe Techology ), our contractually
controlled affiliate through the entry into the VIE Agreements in October 2018. In the first half of 2018, JiuGe Technology secured contracts
with China Unicom and China Mobile to distribute mobile data for businesses and corporations in nine provinces/municipalities, namely
Chengdu, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Zhuhai, Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia, Henan and Fujian. In September 2018, JiuGe
Technology launched and commercialized mobile payment and recharge services to businesses for China Unicom. In May 2021, JiuGe Technology
signed a volume-based agreement with China Mobile Fujian to offer recharge services to the Fujian province which we have launched and
commercialized in November 2021. 

The
JiuGe Technology mobile payment and recharge platform enables the seamless delivery of real-time payment and recharge services to third-party
channels and businesses. We earn a rebate from each telecommunications company on the funds paid by consumers to the telecommunications
companies we process. To encourage consumers to utilize our portal instead of using our competitors platforms or paying China
Unicom or China Mobile directly, we offer mobile data and talk time at a rate discounted from these companies stated rates, which
are also the rates we must pay to them to purchase the mobile data and talk time provided to consumers through the use of our platform.
Accordingly, we earn income on the rebates we receive from China Unicom and China Mobile, reduced by the amounts by which we discount
the mobile data and talk time sold through our platform. 

FingerMotion
started and commercialized its Business to Business B2B model by integrating with various e-commerce
platforms to provide its mobile payment and recharge services to subscribers or end consumers. In the first quarter of 2019 FingerMotion
expanded its business by commercializing its first Business to Consumer B2C model, offering the
telecommunication providers products and services, including data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, and loyalty points
redemption, directly to subscribers or customers of the e-commerce companies, such as PinDuoDuo PDD ), TMall TMALL and JD.Com. The Company is planning to further expand its universal exchange platform by setting up B2C stores on several other major
e-commerce platforms in China. In addition to that, we have been assigned as one of China s Mobile s loyalty redemption partner
where we will be providing the services for their customers via our platform. 

- 1 - 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally,
as previously disclosed, on July 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology, our contractually controlled affiliate, entered into that certain Yunnan
Unicom Electronic Sales Platform Construction and Operation Cooperation Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with
China Unicom s Yunnan subsidiary. Under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology is responsible for constructing and operating
China Unicom s electronic sales platform through which consumers can purchase various goods and services from China Unicom, including
mobile telephones, mobile telephone service, broadband data services, terminals, smart devices and related financial insurance.
The Cooperation Agreement provides that JiuGe Technology is required to construct and operate the platform s webpage in accordance
with China Unicom s specifications and policies, and applicable law, and bear all expenses in connection therewith. As consideration
for the service it provides under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology receives a percentage of the revenue received from all
sales it processes for China Unicom on the platform. The Cooperation Agreement expires three years from the date of its signature with
a yearly auto-renewal clause, but it may be terminated by (i) JiuGe Technology upon three months written notice or (ii) by China
Unicom unilaterally. 

During
the recent fiscal year, the Company expanded its offering under their telecommunication product and services by increasing their product
line revenue streams. In March 2020, FingerMotion secured a contract with both China Mobile and China Unicom to acquire new users to
take up the respective subscription plans. 

In
February 2021, we increased the mobile phones sales to end users using all of our platforms. This business will continue to contribute
to the overall revenue for the group as part of our offering to our customers. 

Value
Added Product and Services 

These
are new product and services that the Company expects to secure and work with the telecommunication provider and all our e-commerce platform
partners to market. The current and upcoming value-added product is the Mobile Protection programs which we plan to launch soon. In February
2022, our contractually controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology, through its 99 own subsidiary TengLian signed an agreement with both
China Unicom and China Mobile to co-operate to roll out the Mobile Device Protection product which is incorporated into the Telecommunication
subscription plans in line with their roll out of new mobile phones and new 5G phones. In mid-July 2022, we launched the roll out of
the Mobile Device protection product with the roll out of the new mobile phones and 5G phones. 

SMS
and MMS Services 

On
March 7, 2019, the Company through JiuGe Technology acquired Beijing XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. Beijing Technology ),
a company in the business of providing mass SMS text services to businesses looking to communicate with large numbers of their customers
and prospective customers. With this acquisition, the Company expanded into a second partnership with the telecom companies by acquiring
bulk SMS and MMS bundles at reduced prices and offering bulk SMS services to end consumers with competitive pricing. FingerMotion s
subsidiary, Beijing Technology, retains a license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology MIIT 
to operate the SMS and MMS business in the PRC. Similar to the mobile payment and recharge business, Beijing Technology is required to
make a deposit or bulk purchase in advance and has secured business customers, including premium car manufacturers, hotel chains, airlines
and e-commerce companies, that utilize Beijing Technology s SMS integrated platform to send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing
Technology has the capability to manage and track the entire process, including guiding the Company s customer to meet MIIT s
guidelines on messages composed, until the SMS messages have been delivered successfully. 

Rich
Communication Services 

In
March 2020, the Company began the development of an RCS platform, also known as Messaging as a Platform MaaP ).
This RCS platform will be a proprietary business messaging platform that enables businesses and brands to communicate and service their
customers on the 5G infrastructure, delivering a better and more efficient user experience at a lower cost. For example, with the new
5G RCS message service, consumers will have the ability to list available flights by sending a message regarding a holiday and will also
be able to book and buy flights by sending messages. This will allow telecommunication providers like China Unicom and China Mobile to
retain users on their systems, without having to utilize third party apps or log onto the Internet, which will increase their user retention.
We expect this to open up a new marketing channel for the Company s current and prospective business partners. 

- 2 - 

 Table of Contents 

Big
Data Insights 

In
July 2020, the Company launched its proprietary technology platform Sapientus as its big data insights arm to deliver data-driven
solutions and insights for businesses within the insurance, healthcare, and financial services industries. The Company applies its vast
experience in the insurance and financial services industry and capabilities in technology and data analytics to develop revolutionary
solutions targeted towards insurance and financial consumers. Integrating diverse publicly available information, insurance and financial
based data with technology and finally registering them into the FingerMotion telecommunications and insurance ecosystem, the Company
would be able to provide functional insights and facilitate the transformation of key components of the insurance value chain, including
driving more effective and efficient underwriting, enabling fraud evaluation and management, empowering channel expansion and market
penetration through novel product innovation, and more. The ultimate objective is to promote, enhance and deliver better value to our
partners and customers. 

The
Company s proprietary risk assessment engine offers standard and customized scoring and appraisal services based on multi-dimensional
factors. The Company has the ability to provide potential customers and partners with insights-driven and technology-enabled solutions
and applications including preferred risk selection, precision marketing, product customization, and claims management (e.g., fraud detection).
The Company s mission is to deliver the next generation of data-driven solutions in the financial services, healthcare, and insurance
industries that result in more accurate risk assessments, more efficient processes, and a more delightful user experience. 

On
or around January 25, 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Finger Motion Financial Company Limited s, big data analytic
arm branded Sapientus, entered into a services agreement with Pacific Life Re, a global life reinsurer serving the insurance
industry with a comprehensive suite of products and services. 

In
December 2021, the Company through JiuGe Technology formed a collaborative research alliance with Munich Re in extending behavioral analytics
to enhance understanding of morbidity and behavioral patterns in China market, with the goal of creating value for both insurers and
the end insurance consumers through better technology, product offerings and customer experience. 

Our
Video Game Division 

The
video game industry covers multiple sectors and is currently experiencing a move away from physical games towards digital software. Advances
in technology and streaming now allow users to download games rather than visiting retailers. Video game publishers are expanding their
direct-to-consumer channels with mobile gaming, the current growth leader, and eSports and virtual reality gaining momentum as the next
big sectors. In June 2018, we temporarily paused its publishing and operating plans for existing games, and the Company s Board
of Directors decided to re-focus the company s resources into new business opportunities in China, particularly the mobile phone
payment and data business. 

- 3 - 

 Table of Contents 

Corporate
Information 

The
Company was initially incorporated as Property Management Corporation of America on January 23, 2014 in the State of Delaware. 

On
June 21, 2017, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation to effect a 1-for-4 reverse stock split of the Company s outstanding
common stock, to increase the authorized shares of common stock to 200,000,000 shares and to change the name of the Company from Property
Management Corporation of America to FingerMotion, Inc. (the Corporate Actions ). The Corporate
Actions and the amended certificate of incorporation became effective on June 21, 2017. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore 238164, and our telephone number at that address is
(347) 349-5339. 

We
are a holding company incorporated in Delaware and not an operating company incorporated in the People s Republic of China (the
 PRC or China ). As a holding company, we conduct a significant part of our operations through our subsidiaries
and through the VIE Agreements with the VIE based in China. The following diagram depicts our corporate structure: 

Our
holding company structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our subsidiaries or the
VIE, and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries and the VIE to finance our cash flow needs. Our subsidiaries and
the VIE are currently not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission
(the CSRC ), or Cybersecurity Administration Committee (the CAC ), to operate or to issue securities
to foreign investors. However, as of March 31, 2023, pursuant to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures promulgated by the CSRC, we may
have to file with the CSRC with respect to a new offering of our securities. The business of our subsidiaries and the VIE until now are
not subject to cybersecurity review with the CAC, given that: (i) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national
security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal
information in our business operations. In addition, we are not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement
agency due to the level of our revenues which provided from us and audited by our auditor and the fact that we currently do not expect
to propose or implement any acquisition of control of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than
RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operations, the ability to
accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, since these statements and regulatory
actions, including the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, are new, it is uncertain what potential impact such modified or new laws and
regulations will have on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or
other foreign exchange. 

To
operate, the VIE and Beijing XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. are required to obtain, and have obtained, a value-added telecommunications
business licence from PRC authorities. In connection with our previous issuance of securities to foreign investors, under current PRC
laws, regulations and regulatory rules, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIE, (i)
are not required to obtain permissions from the CSRC except that as of March 31, 2023 we may have to file with the CSRC with respect
to a new offering of our securities, (ii) are not required to go through cybersecurity review by the CAC, and (iii) have received or
were not denied such requisite permissions by any PRC authority. If we, our subsidiaries or the VIE (i) do not receive or maintain such
permissions or approvals, (ii) inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required or (iii) applicable laws, regulations,
or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we may be subject to government
enforcement actions, investigations, penalties, sanctions and fines imposed by the CSRC, the CAC and relevant departments of the State
Council. In severe circumstances, the business of our PRC subsidiary may be ordered to suspend and its business qualifications and licences
may be revoked. 

To
address challenges resulting from laws, policies and practices that may disfavor foreign-owned entities that operate within industries
deemed sensitive by the Chinese government, we use the VIE structure to provide contractual exposure to foreign investment in the PRC-based
companies. We own 100 of the equity of a WFOE, Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe Management ),
which has entered into the VIE Agreements with the VIE, which is owned by Ms. Li Li the legal representative and general manager, and
also the shareholder of the VIE. The VIE Agreements have not been tested in court. As a result of our use of the VIE structure, you may
never directly hold equity interests the VIE. Any securities that we offer will be securities of the Company, the Delaware holding company,
not of the VIE. 

We
fund the registered capital and operating expenses of the VIE by extending loans to the shareholders of the VIE. The VIE Agreements governing
the relationship between the VIE and our WFOE enable us to (i) direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s
economic performance, (ii) receive substantially all of the economic benefits of the VIE, and (iii) have an exclusive call option to
purchase, at any time, all or part of the equity interests in and/or assets of the VIE to the extent permitted by Chinese laws. As a
result of the VIE Agreements, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of the VIE for accounting purposes and is able to consolidate
the financial results of the VIE in its consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As
a result, investors in our Common Shares are not purchasing an equity interest in the VIE but instead are purchasing equity interest
in FingerMotion, Inc., a Delaware holding company. 

Share
Exchange Agreement 

Effective
July 13, 2017, the Company entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement by
and among the Company, Finger Motion Company Limited, a Hong Kong corporation FMCL and certain shareholders of
FMCL (the FMCL Shareholders ). FMCL, a Hong Kong corporation, was formed on April 6, 2016 and is an information technology
company that specializes in operating and publishing mobile games. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to exchange
the outstanding equity stock of FMCL held by the FMCL Shareholders for shares of common stock of the Company. On the closing date of
the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company issued 12,000,000 shares of common stock to the FMCL shareholders. In addition, the Company
issued 600,000 shares to consultants in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement, and 2,562,500
additional shares to accredited investors, which was a concurrent financing but not a condition of closing the Share Exchange Agreement. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereunder, FMCL became a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company. The Company operates its video game division through FMCL. However, in June 2018, the Company decided to pause the operation
of the game division as it saw the opportunity in the telecommunication business and have since refocused into this business. 

This
description of the Share Exchange Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms
of the Share Exchange Agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2017
and incorporated by reference herein. 

- 4 - 

 Table of Contents 

VIE
Agreements 

On
October 16, 2018, the Company, through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe
Management ), entered into a series of agreements known as variable interest agreements (the VIE Agreements pursuant to which Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. JiuGe Technology became our contractually controlled
affiliate. The use of VIE agreements is a common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries in which
foreign investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC government. The VIE Agreements include a Consulting Services Agreement, a Loan
Agreement, a Power of Attorney Agreement, a Call Option Agreement, and a Share Pledge Agreement in order to secure the connection and
commitments of the JiuGe Technology. We operate our mobile payment platform business through JiuGe Technology. 

The
VIE Agreements included: 

a
 consulting services agreement through which JiuGe Management is mainly engaged in data marketing, technical services, technical consulting
 and business consultancy to JiuGe Technology (the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services Agreement ). This agreement
 was duly signed among the WFOE and the VIE. Under this agreement, the WFOE will provide the following services to the VIE on an exclusive
 basis: (i) providing a comprehensive solution for all technical issues required for the VIE s business; (ii) providing training
 to the professional technicians of the VIE; (iii) assisting the VIE in collecting technical and commercial information and conducting
 market surveys; (iv) assisting the VIE in procuring business opportunities to obtain contracts awarded by the telecom carries in
 China and maintaining the commercial relationship with the telecom carries; (v) introducing clients to the VIE and assisting the
 VIE in developing commercial and cooperative relationship with the clients; (vi) providing suggestions and opinions on establishment
 and improvement of the VIE s corporate structure, management system and departmental organization; (vii) assisting the VIE
 in formulating annual business plans, the draft of which shall be made available to WFOE by the VIE prior to the end of November
 each year; (viii) granting license to the VIE to use WFOE s intellectual property necessary for the services; and (ix) providing
 other consulting and technical services at the request of the VIE. The VIE will pay to the WFOE service fees equivalent to the after-tax
 net profits distributable by the VIE to its shareholder each year, as set forth in the audited financial statements in accordance
 with the PRC accounting standards, ensuring all the distributable profits of the VIE will be dispatched to the WFOE. The VIE may
 not assign any of its rights and obligations under the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services Agreement without prior written consent
 of the WFOE. This agreement ensures that the WFOE and investors will be able to legally obtain the profits of the VIE, and transfer
 them to the WFOE more conveniently in the form of service fee 

a
 loan agreement through which JiuGe Management grants a loan to the Legal Representative of JiuGe Technology for the purpose of capital
 contribution (the JiuGe Technology Loan Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed between the WFOE and Ms.
 Li Li. Under this agreement, the WFOE loaned RMB 10,000,000 to Ms. Li Li, as the sole shareholder of the VIE, solely for the purpose
 of the capital contribution of the subscribed capital of the VIE. The WFOE has the right to convert the whole or any part of the
 outstanding principal amount into the equity interests in the VIE and may demand repayment of any or all of the principal amount/
 As security for performance and discharge of Ms. Li Li s obligations under the JiuGe Technology Loan Agreement, Ms. Li Li pledged
 100 equity interests in the VIE, representing the entire registered capital of the VIE, by way of first-ranking security to the
 WFOE. This agreement could constrain Ms. Li Li to cooperate with WFOE s instructions and avoid damaging the rights and interests
 of the WFOE and investors; 

a
 power of attorney agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has vested their collective voting control over JiuGe Technology
 to JiuGe Management and will only transfer their equity interests in JiuGe Technology to JiuGe Management or its designee(s) (the
 JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement ). The Power of Attorney Agrement was duly issued by Ms. LI Li to
 the WFOE. Under the the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement, the WFOE is the exclusive agent who may exercise, at WFOE s
 sole discretion, all the rights and powers in respect of all the 100 equity interests held by Ms. Li Li in the VIE on Ms. LI Li s
 behalf, including without limitation to propose to convene, attend and vote at the shareholder s meeting of the VIE. Ms. Li
 Li cannot assign her rights and obligations under the JiuGe Technology Power of Attorney Agreement without prior written consent
 of the WFOE and the WFOE will bear its own costs, expenses and fees in connection with performance of the JiuGe Technology Power
 of Attorney Agreement. This agreement ensures that the WFOE can replace Ms. LI Li in the operation and management of the VIE, and
 controlling its assets; 

a
 call option agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has granted to JiuGe Management the irrevocable and unconditional
 right and option to acquire all of their equity interests in JiuGe Technology or transfer these rights to a third party (the JiuGe
 Technology Call Option Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed by and among Ms. Li Li, the WFOE and the VIE. Under
 this agreement, the WFOE has an exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional option to purchase or to designate a third party to purchase
 100 equity interests of the VIE at RMB one (1) yuan or the lowest amount of consideration permitted under the laws of PRC at any
 time, giving the WFOE a sole discretion to exercise such option at any time and in any manner as permitted by the laws of PRC. Pursuant
 to the JiuGe Technology Call Option Agreement, Ms. Li Li may not, without prior written consent of the WFOE: (i) transfer or dispose
 of the equity interests in the VIE or the assets of the VIE in any manner; (ii) create any encumbrance of any kind over the equity
 interests in the VIE, other than the VIE Agreements; and (iii) resolve to or procure the VIE to: (a) change its registered capital;
 (b) amend its articles of association; (c) change any of its shareholders; (d) appoint, remove or replace its senior management;
 (e) make or receive investment of any kind or merge or consolidate with any entity; (f) change information filed at the competent
 authorities in the PRC; (g) make any lending or borrowing or provide security of any kind; (h) pay, make or declare any dividend,
 charge, fee or other distribution of any kind; (i) incure, create or permit to subsist or have any outstanding financial indebtedness;
 (j) enter into any agreements that conflict with the JiuGe Technology Call Option Agreement; or (k) do any acts that would adversely
 impair the VIE s ability to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements. Neither Ms. Li Li nor the VIE may assign any
 of its rights and obligations under the agreement without the prior written consent of WFOE or unilaterally terminate the agreement.
 This agreement is one of the guarantees for WFOE and investors to ensure that the VIE will not have any potential equity changes
 that endanger the rights and interests of WFOE and investors; and 

a
 share pledge agreement under which the owner of JiuGe Technology has pledged all of their rights, titles and interests in JiuGe Technology
 to JiuGe Management to guarantee JiuGe Technology s performance of its obligations under the JiuGe Technology Consulting Services
 Agreement (the JiuGe Technology Share Pledge Agreement ). This agreement was duly signed among Ms. Li Li, the
 WFOE and the VIE. Under this agreement, all the equity interests of the VIE held by Ms. Li Li were pledged to the WFOE, giving the
 WFOE a right to exercise the share pledge where Ms. Li Li or the VIE violates the VIE Agreements. This measure under this agreement
 will result in the equity of the VIE being locked, making it impossible for any third party to legally obtain the equity of the VIE
 without the prior consent of the WFOE. 

Our
PRC counsel has reviewed these agreements and believes that all the VIE Agreements were duly signed and are not in violation of applicable
laws of PRC. We are of the opinion that the VIE Agreements are valid and giving the WFOE a full control over the VIE in respect of the
current and effective PRC laws and regulations. However, the VIE Agreements have never been challenged or recognized in court for the
time being, and the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations
compared with direct ownership, there may be less effective in controlling through the VIE structure. 

In
the first half of 2018, JiuGe Technology secured contracts with China Unicom and China Mobile to distribute mobile data for businesses
and corporations in 9 provinces/municipalities, namely Chengdu, Jiangxi, Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Zhuhai, Zhejiang, Shaanxi and
Inner Mongolia. 

In
September 2018, JiuGe Technology launched and commercialized mobile payment and recharge services to businesses for China Unicom. The
JiuGe Technology mobile payment and recharge platform enables the seamless delivery of real-time payment and recharge services to third-party
channels and businesses. We earn a negotiated rebate amount from each of China Unicom and China Mobile for all monies paid by consumers
to China Unicom and China Mobile that we process. To encourage consumers to utilize our portal instead of using our competitors 
platforms or paying China Unicom or China Mobile directly, we offer mobile data and talk time at a rate discounted from these companies 
stated rates, which are also the rates we must pay to them to purchase the mobile data and talk time provided to consumers through the
use of our platform. Accordingly, we earn income on the rebates we receive from the telecommunications companies, reduced by the amounts
by which we discount the mobile data and talk time sold through our platform. 

In
October 2018, China Unicom and China Mobile awarded JiuGe Technology with contracts that established partnerships for data analysis,
that could unlock potential value-added services. 

This
description of the VIE Agreements discussed above do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
terms of the VIE Agreements, which were filed as exhibits to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2018 and
are incorporated by reference herein. The English translation version of the JiuGe Technology Share Pledge Agreement was filed as Exhibit
10.6 to our Form S-1/A (Amendment No. 1) filed with the SEC on January 5, 2023, and is incorporated by reference herein. 

- 5 - 

 Table of Contents 

Acquisition
of Beijing Technology 

On
March 7, 2019, the Company through JiuGe Technology acquired Beijing Technology, a company in the business of providing mass SMS text
services to businesses looking to communicate with large numbers of their customers and prospective customers. Through Beijing Technology,
the Company entered into the business of mass SMS text message service as a compliment to its mobile payment and recharge business. The
mass SMS text message service offers bulk SMS services to end consumers with competitive pricing. Currently, the Company s SMS
integrated platform is processing more than 150 million SMS text messages per month. Beijing Technology retains a license from the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology to operate SMS and MMS business in the PRC. Similar to the mobile recharge business, Beijing Technology
is required to make a deposit or bulk purchase in advance and has secured business customers that will utilize Beijing Technology s
SMS integrated platform to send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing Technology has the capability to manage and track the entire
process, including to assist the Company s clients to fulfill the government guidelines, until the SMS messages have been delivered
successfully. 

China
Unicom Cooperation Agreement 

On
July 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology entered into that certain Yunnan Unicom Electronic Sales Platform Construction and Operation Cooperation
Agreement (the Cooperation Agreement with China United Network Communications Limited Yunnan Branch China
Unicom Yunnan ). Under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology is responsible for constructing and operating China Unicom
Yunnan s electronic sales platform through which consumers can purchase various goods and services from China Unicom Yunnan, including
mobile telephones, mobile telephone service, broadband data services, terminals, smart devices and related financial insurance.
The Cooperation Agreement provides that JiuGe Technology is required to construct and operate the platform s webpage in accordance
with China Unicom Yunnan s specifications and policies, and applicable law, and bear all expenses in connection therewith. As consideration
for the services it provides under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology receives a percentage of the revenue received from all
sales it processes for China Unicom Yunnan on the platform. 

The
Cooperation Agreement expires three years from the date of its signature with a yearly auto-renewal clause, but it may be terminated
by (i) JiuGe Technology upon three months written notice or (ii) by China Unicom Yunnan unilaterally. The Cooperation Agreement
contains customary representations from each party regarding such party s authority to enter into and perform under the Cooperation
Agreement, and provides customary events of default, including for various types of failure to perform. Any disputes arising between
the parties under the Cooperation Agreement will be adjudicated in Chinese courts. 

This
description of the Cooperation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of
the Cooperation Agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2019 and
is incorporated by reference herein. 

In
January 2022, Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. TengLian (a 99 owned subsidiary
of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd.) signed a co-operation agreement with China Unicom to launch the Device Protection
program for mobile phones and the new 5G phones. 

- 6 - 

 Table of Contents 

Intercorporate
Relationships 

The
following is a list of all of our subsidiaries and the corresponding date of jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and the ownership
interest of each. All of our subsidiaries are directly or indirectly owned or controlled by us: 

Name
 of Entity 
 
 Place
 of Incorporation / 
 Formation 
 
 Ownership
 Interest 
 
 Finger
 Motion Company Limited (1) 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Global Limited (2) 
 
 Samoa 
 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Limited (3) 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. (4) 
 
 PRC 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (5) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually
 controlled (5) 
 
 Beijing
 XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. (6) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually
 controlled 
 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Group Limited (7) 
 
 Samoa 
 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Company Limited (8) 
 
 Hong
 Kong 
 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (9) 
 
 PRC 
 
 Contractually
 controlled 

Notes : 

(1) 
 Finger
 Motion Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(2) 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Global Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(3) 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited. 

(4) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Limited. 

(5) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. is a variable interest entity that is contractually controlled by Shanghai JiuGe Business
 Management Co., Ltd. 

(6) 
 Beijing
 XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

(7) 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Group Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(8) 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion Financial Group Limited. 

(9) 
 Shanghai
 TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology
 Co., Ltd. 

Because
we do not directly hold equity interests in the VIE, we are subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications
of Chinese laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the validity and enforcement of the VIE Agreements among the WFOE, the
VIE and the shareholder of the VIE. We are also subject to the risks and uncertainties about any future actions of the Chinese government
in this regard that could disallow the VIE structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and may cause
the value of our Common Shares to depreciate significantly or become worthless. 

The
VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control. For instance, the VIE and its shareholders
could breach their contractual arrangements with us by, among other things, failing to conduct their operations in an acceptable manner
or taking other actions that are detrimental to our interests. The shareholder of the VIE may not act in the best interests of our Company
or may not perform their obligations under the VIE Agreements. Such risks exist throughout the period in which we intend to operate certain
portions of our business through the VIE Agreements with the VIE. In the event that the VIE or its shareholder fail to perform their
respective obligations under the VIE Agreements, we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such
arrangements. In addition, even if legal actions are taken to enforce the VIE Agreements, there is uncertainty as to whether Chinese
courts would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts against us or such persons predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the securities laws of the United States or any state. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the VIE Agreements . We
rely on the VIE Agreements with the VIE and its shareholder for a significant portion of our business operations. The VIE Agreements
may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control. Any failure by the VIE or its shareholder to perform their
obligations under such contractual arrangements would have a material and adverse effect on our business. 

As
of the date of this periodic report on Form 10-K, we and the VIE are not required to seek permissions from the CSRC, the CAC, or any other entity that is required to approve of the operations of the VIE, other than a value-added
telecommunications business licence, which has already been obtained. Nevertheless, Chinese regulatory authorities may in the future
promulgate laws, regulations or implement rules that require us, our subsidiaries or the VIEs to obtain permissions from such regulatory
authorities to approve the operations of the VIE or any securities listing. 

- 7 - 

 Table of Contents 

Products
and Services 

Telecommunications
Products and Services 

Historically,
telecommunication operators focused their efforts on expanding their retail presence; however, consumer behaviors and demands have shifted
from offline to online. In 2018, the Company developed a proprietary universal exchange platform called PigeonHoles Integration
System , which provides seamless integration between telecommunication operators and online stores servicing Chinese consumers
all around China. 

The
Company s products and services offerings include the following: 

Product
 / Service 
 
 Details 
 
 Recharge
 Services 
 
 The
 Company offers recharge services to consumers throughout China. 

Data
 Plan 
 
 The
 Company offers mobile data plans to consumers, including 5G plans. 

Mobile
 Phone 
 
 The
 Company offers mobile phones to consumers online. Upon order completion, the Company s up-stream partners or phone distributors
 (VSens and ZhengZhouXinSiWei) will arrange direct delivery to the customer. 

Subscription
 Plan 
 
 The
 Company acquires new customers by offering telecommunication subscription plans. The Company shares revenue with telecommunication
 operators on a new subscribers spending over the following 12 months. 

Value
 Added Products and Services 

New
 product lines and services will be brought in by the Company to offer to the existing user base through the delivery channels of
 the Telecommunication partners and the platform partners. 

- 8 - 

 Table of Contents 

Up-Stream
Partners 

The
Company partners with all three major telecommunication operators in China, namely China Mobile, China Unicom and China Telecom, to offer
its products and services: 

Telecommunication
 Operator 
 
 Products
 and Services 
 
 China
 Mobile 
 
 Recharge
 Service 
 Data Plan 
 Subscription Plans 
 Mobile Protection Plans 
 
 China
 Unicom 
 
 Recharge
 Service 
 Data Plan 
 Subscription Plan 
 Mobile Protection Plans 
 
 China
 Telecom 
 
 Recharge
 Service 
 Data Plan 

Notes: 

In
2020, the Company entered into arrangements with two third party smartphone distributors (VSens and ZhengZhouXinSiWei) to extend their
product offerings across online stores on various platforms. The Company plans to commercialize the offering in the first quarter of
2021. 

Down-Stream
Partners 

The
Company currently operates online stores and pages on various e-commerce and social media platforms, gaining access to millions of users
without having to incur the associated marketing expenditures or user acquisition investments. 

Name
 of Online Stores 
 
 Partners
 / Platform 
 
 Details 
 
 JiuGe
 TongXin Store 
 
 TMall.com 
 
 Telco
 Products Services 
 
 HeNan
 China Mobile Store 
 
 TMall.com 
 
 China
 Mobile Flagship Store 
 
 JiuGe
 Mobile Data Store 
 
 PingDuoDuo.com 
 
 Telco
 Products Services 
 
 JiuGe
 Mobile Data Store 
 
 Tbao 
 
 Telco
 Products Services 

- 9 - 

 Table of Contents 

SMS
and MMS Services 

Short
Message Service (SMS) remains the only secure and reliable communication medium that connects all telecommunication operators globally.
In 2019, the telecommunications industry in China sent a total of around 1,506 billion SMS, 1 equivalent to a market size of
RMB 39.2 billion (~ 5.85 billion), a year-on-year increase of 37.5 compared to 2018. 2 The Company was responsible for 1.2
billion, or 0.08 of market share. 

There
are strict policies imposed by the Chinese government regulating message broadcasting via the SMS protocol. One key metric being monitored
is the rate of public complaints on messages received via SMS, with the aim of fighting spam messages and blocking uncensored messages. 

In
early 2019, the Company completed beta testing of its proprietary SMS Integrated System and the commercialization phase began in April
2019. The SMS Integrated System provides a robust back-end control panel for corporate partners to access and manage their own messaging
settings. Corporate partners can upload a list of targeted members, compose text or multimedia messages and define broadcasting settings.
All messages must be submitted to the ministry for review before being delivered to telecommunication operators back-end for broadcasting. 

The
mass SMS text message service offers bulk SMS services to end consumers with competitive pricing. Beijing Technology retains a license
from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology to operate SMS and MMS business in the PRC. Similar to the mobile payment and
recharge business, Beijing Technology is required to make a deposit or bulk purchase in advance and has secured business customers that
will utilize Beijing Technology s SMS integrated platform to send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing Technology has the capability
to manage and track the entire process, including guiding the Company s customer to meet government s guidelines on messages
composed, until the SMS messages have been delivered successfully. 

1 
 Source:
 http://data.chinabaogao.com/dianxin/2020/0364R5222020.html 

2 
 Source:
 https://jxca.miit.gov.cn/cms_files/filemanager/oldfile/jxca/upload/202003/202003111516300286.pdf 

- 10 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company s SMS Integrated System performs more than 150 million SMS transactions monthly. The Company focuses its efforts on: 

Continuously
 enhancing the SMS Integrated System to offer a more flexible, reliable, and scalable platform. 

Working
 closely with telecommunication operators in a select few provinces allows the Company s business development team to negotiate
 and secure better bulk purchase pricing from time to time. 

The
 Company s corporate partners span various industries such as airlines, insurance and financial services, e-commerce and consumer
 markets; diversifying sources of revenue improves the stability of the Company s revenue stream and minimizes seasonal fluctuations
 with SMS volume. 

Rich
Communication Services (RCS) Platform 

Telecommunication
operators around the world have reached consensus on the need to upgrade the operator messaging service from SMS to Rich Communication
Services (RCS) messaging in the 5G era. Worldwide, the GSM Association (GSMA) indicates 90 operators have launched RCS in 60 countries,
attracting approximately 421 million users and projecting an estimated value of 15.78 billion by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 18.5 . 3 

On
April 8, 2020, China s three major telecommunication operators, namely China Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom, released a
5G messaging white paper outlining their commitment to mandate all compatible handsets sold in the country support RCS. 4 

5G
messaging service or RCS can support not only Person-to-Person (P2P) messaging, but also Application-to-Person (A2P) messaging. Through
P2P messaging, RCS offers a richer text-messaging system, provides phonebook polling and is capable of transmitting in-call multimedia
features. A2P messaging enables businesses and brands to communicate with users via chatbot, facilitates the sharing of high-quality
videos but also more direct interfacing with the internet; consumers will no longer have to download multiple mobile apps and can, for
instance, directly buy train tickets and book flights by just sending messages. 

In
March 2020, the Company s management allocated resources dedicated for the research and development of a RCS platform MaaP
(Messaging as a Platform). This RCS platform is expected to be a proprietary business messaging platform that enables businesses and
brands to communicate and service their customers on 5G infrastructure, delivering better user experience, more efficiently and cost
effectively. This is expected to open up a new marketing channel for the Company s current and prospective business partners. 

The
Company has completed the development of the RCS platform and it is ready to be commercialized: 

RCS
Platform for Telecommunication Products and Services 

The
Company intends to launch its own brand on the platform for the telecommunication products and services it currently carries. The platform
is expected to provide the Company with direct access to 5G mobile users. Furthermore, the Company can continue building and enhancing
its brand on the platform serving as the most comprehensive one-stop shop for telecommunication products and services. 

RCS
Platform for Partners and Brands 

The
Company is targeting to engage larger partners and brands on this new RCS platform. It is currently working and negotiating with one
of the largest phone distributors in China to be among the first partners launching services on the platform. 

3 
 Source:
 https://www.gsma.com/futurenetworks/rcs/ https://www.marketresearch.com/Infogence-Marketing-Advisory-Services-v4010/Global-Rich-Communication-Services-RCS-30323369/ 

4 
 Source:
 https://www.gsma.com/futurenetworks/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/5G-Messaging-White-Paper-EN.pdf 

- 11 - 

 Table of Contents 

Big
Data Insights 

The
Company launched its proprietary platform Sapientus in July 2020 as its big data insights arm to deliver data-driven solutions
and insights for businesses within the insurance and financial services industries. Leveraging the Company s strong tech and data
backbone, Sapientus specializes in data mining and insights extraction. The Company s flexible data structure is built from the
ground up, by transforming raw telco data into basic building blocks, statistical measures and behavioral inferences, while layering
in auxiliary contextual information, to extract behavioral insights and power revolutionary applications for insurance and financial
services. 

Sapientus
equips insurance industry partners with a range of capabilities such as: 

Behavior
 insights and scoring derived from a time series of live telco data, along with an expansive set of auxiliary data, enabling deeper
 contextual understanding of a customer s behavior propensity and risk inclination for more granular segmentation; 

Transactional
 integration giving real-time feedback enriched with risk and behavior insights on current and prospective customers, thereby further
 promoting digital transformations in the industry e.g. online underwriting, claims processing and fraud detection, etc.;
 and 

Insight-driven
 data analytic services, sufficiently adaptive to incorporate new information such as emerging claim and marketing data, and synchronize
 with the Company s partners operating and risk assessment philosophy via continual learning and honing. 

Sapientus 
deep bench of insurance and data science expertise is expected to attract an expanding client base, supporting risk calibrations and
insights extraction using advanced statistical methods and analytic techniques. The Company s proprietary risk assessment engine
offers standard and customized scoring and appraisal services based on multi-dimensional factors, enabled by extensive data coverage
through exclusive telco partnerships. The Company augments and shares value with its partners through various big data enabled applications
including preferred risk selection, precision marketing, product customization, and claims management (e.g. fraud detection). 

The
Company s mission is to deliver the next generation of data-driven insurance solutions that result in more accurate risk assessments,
more efficient processes and a more delightful customer journey. 

- 12 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
Company anticipates development of Sapientus in three key stages: 

Stage
1: Initialization 

During
the initialization stage, the Company s focus on building its brand and honing its rating framework and analytics. To accomplish
this, the Company will be partnering with reinsurers to increase its visibility as well as assimilate its data analytics into the reinsurers 
value chain. Potential engagements include underwriting enhancement, market segmentation, product design as well as facilitation of claims
review and adjudication. Revenue during this time will be sourced mainly from offering proprietary rating system and related services
that are customized to fit the Company s reinsurer partners specific needs. Furthermore, establishing collaborative facilities
with reinsurers allows the Company to integrate posterior information (claims, underwriting experience, and campaign feedback) for improving
its scoring / measurement system. 

Stage
2: Expansion 

The
expansion stage shifts the Company s revenue focus from offering rating system alone to earning commissions and profit shares through
channel expansion and innovative product designs enabled by more granular customer segmentation. Channel expansion could be achieved
by cross-selling through the Company s affiliated company and brokerage arm, supported by leads generation for niche marketing
and further upselling. In addition, developing customized product solutions with reinsurers will augment value proposition, offering
more personalized and efficient coverage based on the latent risks of individuals. Precision marketing enhances product take-up rates,
while preferred risk selection is expected to attract profitable business and improve portfolio results. As such, added value can be
generated and shared among Sapientus and its (re)insurer and distribution partners. 

- 13 - 

 Table of Contents 

Stage
3: Integration 

As
Sapientus matures, the Company enters the integration stage. Behavioral dynamics can prove to be very versatile in supporting many possibilities
beyond insurance. Having accumulated more diverse data and insights enriches the Company s rating perspective, enabling it to offer
a universal rating platform that can be commonly adopted across the industry. The Company s platform can be readily integrated
with other systems, helping the Company extend reach beyond insurance applications. For example, the Company s generalized rating
system can help conduct smart underwriting for financial loans or craft out consumer behaviors and risk propensities to inform ecommerce
business decisions. The Company s platform can be used standalone as an independent rating tool, as well as offered as part of
an integrated system, joining forces with various ecosystem partners on data access, customer relationships, advanced analytics, product
and service capabilities. Types of value that can be realized through ecosystems include: 

Friction
 reduction : Creating a one-stop shop or interface for consumers by removing the hassle of switching among multiple providers; 

Network
 effects : Generating synergy value for stakeholders by pooling and sharing information and resources to serve common needs; and 

Data
 integration : Mining and analyzing available data, applying learnings to deliver convenience and tangible benefits to customers. 

Growth
Strategy 

The
Company s growth strategy is a multi-pronged approach, continually asking What s next? and consisting of the
following: 

Enhancing
 PigeonHoles Integration System and the SMS Integrated System . Maintaining a stable and robust platform is expected to give the
 Company the flexibility to manage new product offering and packages in order to increase revenue. This will be the key critical success
 factor for the Company s expansion plans. 

Expanding
 customer base. Along with the stability of the Company s platform and its ability to access working capital, the Company s
 growth will be based on increasing its market share through expanding its base in its current geographic regions of operations and
 through expanding its presence into other regions. The Company s offerings can be targeted to a wider group of customers, which
 should improve overall revenue. 

New
 Product line expansion. The Company plans to constantly increase its product offerings from its telco partners by designing new
 packages and offerings in order to differentiate the Company from its competition. New product line and services are expected to
 be introduced progressively to be offered to the end users via the telco delivery channels. This is expected to expand our revenue
 base. 

Enhancing
 values. The Company intends to continue to build brand loyalty and enhance its customer service to ensure customer retention
 and repeat sales. 

Diversification.
 Breaking away from the Company s core and traditional business, the Company is moving into the insurance technology insurtech space with Sapientus and the Company s big data analytics arm. The Company intends to continue to explore opportunities in
 the financial technology services fintech ), healthcare and advertising industries. 

Focusing
 on strength and investing in talent. The Company intends to continue to build the strongest team in all of its various businesses.
 The Company intends to also continue to build its core values to enhance and differentiate its support and services to ensure it
 is able to stand out from its competitors. 

- 14 - 

 Table of Contents 

Sales
and Marketing 

The
 Company s sales and marketing efforts are focused on promoting brand awareness of its JiuGe telecommunication stores currently
 operating on most major e-commerce and social media platforms in China. 

The
 Company is continuously planning, in cooperation with its telco partners, seasonal and targeted marketing events in different provinces
 and cities. 

Since
 the inception of JiuGe Technology in 2018, the Company has secured contracts and agreements to work with nine (9) online stores and
 twenty (20) business partners. The Company s strategy is to expand into the entire China region and to reach out to a wider
 base of customers and users that can benefit from the Company s product offerings. 

The
 Company s new agreement with China Mobile on the loyalty redemption business is a step towards the Company s customer
 retention strategy that is expected to also enable it to cross-sell additional products and offerings from the Company. 

The
 Company intends to continue to focus on, and expand, its roster of corporate clients to improve sales in its SMS business, and intends
 to focus on expanding into different industries. 

Research
 Development 

RCS
 Platform - As a leader in the 5G ecosystem in China, the Company is developing the RCS platform to strengthen its first-mover
 advantage in MaaP (Messaging as a Platform). This messaging platform enables businesses and brands to communicate and service their
 customers on 5G infrastructure, delivering a more efficient, more cost efficient, and more robust user experience. This should open
 up a new marketing channel for the Company s current and prospective business partners. 

Big
 Data Insights - Beginning in January 2019, the Company has continuously researched industry reports and compiled data published
 by researchers and have incorporated its findings into its Sapientus data blocks. By integrating with external data sources, the
 Company s R D departments can develop innovative insurtech and fintech products to the Company s re-insurance and
 financial services companies and partners. 

Competition 

Our
industry is highly competitive, rapidly changing, highly innovative and increasingly subject to regulatory scrutiny and oversight. We
compete against a wide range of businesses, including those that are larger than we are, have a dominant and secure position or offer
other products and services to consumers and merchants that we do not offer. We believe we are in an advantageous position compared to
many of our competitors or potential competitors because we have been granted an exclusive license to act as an authorized processor
of payments in China for China Unicom and China Mobile. 

Our
mobile payments business competes principally against two alternatives. First, we compete directly with other holders of licenses from
the major mobile telecommunications providers in China. We understand there are a limited number of these licenses, but believe that
certain other license holders are large, diversified companies with deep financial resources. We also compete with payment processors
that are not authorized licensees of the mobile telecommunications companies but nevertheless provide similar services. Separately, and
more generally, we compete with all forms and methods of paying for additional data and minutes, including credit and debit cards, other
electronic payment platforms and bank transfers. 

Because
we have been awarded a contract to process payments for China Unicom and China Mobile and, are therefore, able to offer services directly
to market with value added services, we believe the Company is in an advantageous position as compared to its competition. We look to
take advantage of the position that we have been afforded. 

- 15 - 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company has sufficient intellectual property rights to operate its mobile payment and recharge platform system. Specifically, the Company
has registered patents for its mobile payment and recharge platform system. The Company will continue to enhance the system to meet market
and consumer demands and requirements. The Company has also implemented strict controls to ensure the safe and secure keeping of any
source codes. 5 

The
Company has registered the following patents: 

Patent 
 Registration 
 Number 
 Region 

Title 
 Inventors 
 Applicant 
 Status
 as of 
 the date of 
 this Annual 
 Report 
 
 2019SR0439119 
 Shanghai,
 China 
 PigeonHoles
 Integration System (1) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0741902 
 Shanghai,
 China 
 SMS
 Integrated System (2) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0792227 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Customer Profiling Software V1.0.0 (3) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0772385 
 China 
 JiuGe
 TELCO Big Data Software V1.0.0 (4) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0809253 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Risk Assessment System Software V1.0.0 (5) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0860695 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Internet Big Data Software V1.0.0 (6) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2020SR0867792 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Mobile Digital Precision Marketing Software V1.0.0 (7) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2021SR2129368 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Risk Query API and UI Design V1.0.0 (8) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2021SR1773860 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Insurance Anti-Fraud System Design V1.0.0 (9) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2022SR1343393 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Insurance Client Medical Behavior Assessment System V1.0.0 (10) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

2023SR0092476 
 China 
 JiuGe
 Insurance Client Financial Rating System V1.0.0 (11) 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co. Ltd 
 Obtained 

- 16 - 

 Table of Contents 

Notes: 

(1) 
 PigeonHoles
 Integration System is the Company s proprietary universal exchange platform which provides seamless integration between telecommunication
 operators and online stores servicing PRC s customers. 

(2) 
 The
 Company s SMS Integrated System provides a robust back-end control panel for corporate partners to access and manage their
 own messaging settings. Corporate partners can upload a list of targeted members, compose text or multimedia messages and define
 broadcasting settings. 

(3) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis and commercialization of consumer s profile 

(4) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for telecommunication products and services 

(5) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis on risk assessment system 

(6) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for online product. 

(7) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for online digital contents on mobile 

(8) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for Risk Query API and UI designs 

(9) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for Insurance Anti-Fraud System Design 

(10) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for Insurance Client Medical Behavior Assessment System 

(11) 
 Patent
 based on JiuGe s big data analysis for Insurance Client Financial Rating System 

Regulation 

We
operate in a rapidly evolving regulatory environment characterized by a heightened regulatory focus on all aspects of the payments industry.
That focus continues to become even more heightened as regulators on a global basis focus on such important issues as countering terrorist
financing, anti-money laundering, privacy, cybersecurity and consumer protection. Some of the laws and regulations to which we are subject
were enacted recently, and the laws and regulations applicable to us, including those enacted prior to the advent of digital and mobile
payments, are continuing to evolve through legislative and regulatory action and judicial interpretation. New or changing laws and regulations,
including how such laws and regulations are interpreted and implemented, as well as increased penalties and enforcement actions related
to non-compliance, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Therefore, as
we grow, we will need to develop the capacity to monitor these areas closely to design compliant solutions for our customers who depend
on us. 

Government
regulation impacts key aspects of our business. We are subject to regulations that affect the payments industry in the markets in which
we operate. 

Payments
Regulation . Various laws and regulations govern the payments industry in China, where our mobile payment and recharge platform principally
operates. Our activities in this regard are, or may be, supervised by one or more financial regulatory authorities, including the People s
Bank of China. Other national or provincial regulatory agencies may have or assert jurisdiction over our activities, including agencies
and authorities outside of China, if our platform is utilized by consumers in such jurisdictions. The laws and regulations applicable
to the payments industry in any given jurisdiction are subject to interpretation and change. 

Anti-Money
Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing . FingerMotion is subject to anti-money laundering AML laws and
regulations in China, the U.S. and other jurisdictions, as well as laws designed to prevent the use of the financial systems to facilitate
terrorist activities. As we grow our business, we will need to develop an AML program designed to prevent our payment network from being
used to facilitate money laundering, terrorist financing, and other illicit activities, or to do business in countries or with persons
and entities included on designated country or person lists promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign
Assets Controls OFAC and equivalent authorities in China and other countries whose jurisdiction we may become
subject as a result of our operations. Any AML and sanctions compliance program we put in place will need to involve policies, procedures
and internal controls designed to address these legal and regulatory requirements and assist in managing money laundering and terrorist
financing risks. 

- 17 - 

 Table of Contents 

Data
Protection and Information Security. Aspects of our operations or business may be subject to privacy and data protection regulation
in China, the U.S. and elsewhere. In the U.S., we are subject to privacy information safeguarding requirements under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act that require the maintenance of a written, comprehensive information security program, among other laws, which we do not currently
have in place. Regulatory authorities around the world are considering numerous legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy
and data protection that may contain additional privacy and data protection obligations than exist today. In addition, the interpretation
and application of these privacy and data protection laws in China, the U.S. and elsewhere are often uncertain and in a state of flux. 

Anti-Corruption .
FingerMotion is subject to applicable anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act,
and similar anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-corruption laws generally prohibit offering, promising,
giving, accepting or authorizing others to provide anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to or from a government official
or private party in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage, such as to obtain or retain business. 

Additional
Regulatory Developments . Various regulatory agencies continue to examine a wide variety of issues, including virtual currencies,
identity theft, account management guidelines, privacy, disclosure rules, cybersecurity and marketing that may impact the Company s
business. 

Compliance
with Environmental Laws 

Compliance
with foreign, federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment,
or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, have not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive
position. 

Employees 

As
of February 28, 2023, we had 59 total employees, of whom all were full time. We have approximately 49 employees in China, 4 employees
in Malaysia, 2 employees in Hong Kong, 1 employee in Taiwan, 2 employees in USA and 1 employee in Canada. We believe that we enjoy good
relations with our employees. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

In
addition to the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified the following material risks and uncertainties
which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Annual Report. These material risks and uncertainties should
be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential investors in evaluating the Company, our business and the market value of
our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance,
achievements or events to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or
expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us or by persons acting on our behalf. Refer to Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-looking Statements . 

There
is no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material
risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a significant
decrease in the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and uncertainties represent
a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature
that, as of the date of this Annual Report, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future,
any one or more of which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment
due to any one of these material risks and uncertainties. 

- 18 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to the Business 

We
have a limited operating history and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 

We
have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results. You should not rely on our past results of
operations as indicators of future performance. You should consider and evaluate our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainty
frequently encountered by companies like ours. 

If
we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors 
section, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical
financial data and operate in an evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they
would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter
in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing
industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully,
our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

We
have a history of net losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

For
all annual periods of our operating history we have experienced net losses. We generated net losses of approximately 7.5 million, 4.9
million and 4.3 million for the years ended February 28, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of February 28, 2023, we had an accumulated
deficit of 24.7 million. We have not achieved profitability, and we may not realize sufficient revenue to achieve profitability in future
periods. Our expenses will likely increase in the future as we develop and launch new offerings and platform features, expand in existing
and new markets, increase our sales and marketing efforts and continue to invest in our platform. These efforts may be more costly than
we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and
manage our expenses, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely effected. 

We
are currently experiencing growth in our business. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and has placed, and will continue
to place, strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources and internal financial
control and reporting functions. Our ability to manage our growth effectively and to integrate new employees, technologies and acquisitions
into our existing business will require us to continue to expand our operational and financial infrastructure and to continue to retain,
attract, train, motivate and manage employees. Continued growth could strain our ability to develop and improve our operational, financial
and management controls, enhance our reporting systems and procedures, recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel and maintain
user satisfaction. Additionally, if we do not effectively manage the growth of our business and operations, the quality of our offerings
could suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, our operations and consumer demand for consumer goods and services remains uncertain,
which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition and on the market price of
our common shares. 

In
December 2019, a strain of novel coronavirus (now commonly known as COVID-19) was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. COVID-19
has since spread rapidly throughout many countries, and, on March 12, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic.
In an effort to contain and mitigate the spread of COVID-19, many countries, including the United States, Canada and China, have imposed
unprecedented restrictions on travel, and there have been business closures and a substantial reduction in economic activity in countries
that have had significant outbreaks of COVID-19. Although our operating subsidiaries and contractually controlled entity report that
is operation have not been materially affected at this point, significant uncertainty remains as to the potential impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on our operations and on the global economy as a whole. It is currently not possible to predict how long the pandemic will last
or the time that it will take for economic activity to return to prior levels. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant financial
market volatility and uncertainty in recent weeks. A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen
in the recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital, on our business, results of operations and financial
condition, on the market price of our common shares, and on consumer demand for consumer services, including those offered by our Company. 

- 19 - 

 Table of Contents 

We
depend on our key personnel and other highly skilled personnel, and if we fail to attract, retain, motivate or integrate our personnel,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely effected. 

Our
success depends in part on the continued service of our founders, senior management team, key technical employees and other highly skilled
personnel and on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly qualified personnel for all areas of our
organization. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. Our competitors
may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be difficult for us to find
suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms or at all. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel,
particularly in critical areas of our business, we may not achieve our strategic goals. 

Our
concentration of earnings from two telecommunications companies may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
currently derive a substantial amount of our total revenue through contracts secured with China Unicom and China Mobile. If we were to
lose the business of one or both of these mobile telecommunications companies, if either were to fail to fulfill its obligations to us,
if either were to experience difficulty in paying rebates to us on a timely basis, if either negotiated lower pricing terms, or if either
increased the number of licensed payment portals it permits to process its payments, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that the volume of revenue
we earn from China Unicom and China Mobile will remain consistent going forward. Any substantial change in our relationships with either
China Unicom or China Mobile, or both, whether due to actions by our competitors, regulatory authorities, industry factors or otherwise,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
actual or perceived security or privacy breach could interrupt our operations, harm our brand and adversely effect our reputation, brand,
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business involves the processing and transmission of our users personal and other sensitive data. Because techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access to or to sabotage information systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us, we may be
unable to anticipate or prevent these attacks. Unauthorized parties may in the future gain access to our systems or facilities through
various means, including gaining unauthorized access into our systems or facilities or those of our service providers, partners or users
on our platform, or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, service providers, partners, users or others into disclosing names,
passwords, payment information or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems,
or attempting to fraudulently induce our employees, partners or others into manipulating payment information, resulting in the fraudulent
transfer of funds to criminal actors. In addition, users on our platform could have vulnerabilities on their own mobile devices that
are entirely unrelated to our systems and platform but could mistakenly attribute their own vulnerabilities to us. Further, breaches
experienced by other companies may also be leveraged against us. For example, credential stuffing attacks are becoming increasingly common
and sophisticated actors can mask their attacks, making them increasingly difficult to identify and prevent. Certain efforts may be state-sponsored
or supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more difficult to detect. 

Although
we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our users data, prevent data loss and prevent other security
breaches, these security measures cannot guarantee security. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyberattacks
or security breaches; also, employee error, malfeasance or other errors in the storage, use or transmission of personal information could
result in an actual or perceived privacy or security breach or other security incident. 

Any
actual or perceived breach of privacy or security could interrupt our operations, result in our platform being unavailable, result in
loss or improper disclosure of data, result in fraudulent transfer of funds, harm our reputation and brand, damage our relationships
with third-party partners, result in significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure and lead to loss of confidence in, or decreased
use of, our platform, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any breach of
privacy or security impacting any entities with which we share or disclose data (including, for example, our third-party providers) could
have similar effects. 

Additionally,
defending against claims or litigation based on any security breach or incident, regardless of their merit, could be costly and divert
management s attention. We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities
actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer
will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available
insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible
or co-insurance requirements, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

- 20 - 

 Table of Contents 

Systems
failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our platform or offerings could adversely effect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software
defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural
disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer
viruses, ransomware, malware or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism,
including by our own employees. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient
for all eventualities. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions
in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. 

We
have not experienced any system failures or other events or conditions that have interrupted the availability or reduced or effected
the speed or functionality of our offerings. These events, were they to occur in the future, could adversely affect our business, reputation,
results of operations and financial condition. 

The
successful operation of our business depends upon the performance and reliability of Internet, mobile, and other infrastructures that
are not under our control. 

Our
business depends on the performance and reliability of Internet, mobile and other infrastructures that are not under our control. Disruptions
in Internet infrastructure or the failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the bandwidth we need to provide
our services and offerings could interfere with the speed and availability of our platform. If our platform is unavailable when platform
users attempt to access it, or if our platform does not load as quickly as platform users expect, platform users may not return to our
platform as often in the future, or at all, and may use our competitors products or offerings more often. In addition, we have
no control over the costs of the services provided by national telecommunications operators. If mobile Internet access fees or other
charges to Internet users increase, consumer traffic may decrease, which may in turn cause our revenue to significantly decrease. 

Our
business depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of mobile communications systems. The occurrence of an unanticipated problem,
such as a power outage, telecommunications delay or failure, security breach or computer virus could result in delays or interruptions
to our services, offerings and platform, as well as business interruptions for us and platform users. Furthermore, foreign governments
may leverage their ability to shut down directed services, and local governments may shut down our platform at the routing level. Any
of these events could damage our reputation, significantly disrupt our operations, and subject us to liability, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results. We have invested significant resources to develop new products to mitigate
the impact of potential interruptions to mobile communications systems, which can be used by consumers in territories where mobile communications
systems are less efficient. However, these products may ultimately be unsuccessful. 

We
may be subject to claims, lawsuits, government investigations and other proceedings that may adversely effect our business, financial
condition and results of operations . 

We
may be subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations and other legal and regulatory proceedings as
our business grows and as we deploy new offerings, including proceedings related to our products or our acquisitions, securities issuances
or business practices. The results of any such claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, government investigations or other legal or
regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming,
result in costly litigation, be harmful to our reputation, require significant management attention and divert significant resources.
Determining reserves for litigation is a complex and fact-intensive process that requires significant subjective judgment and speculation.
It is possible that such proceedings could result in substantial damages, settlement costs, fines and penalties that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These proceedings could also result in harm to our reputation and
brand, sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions or other orders requiring a change in our business practices. Any of these consequences
could adversely effect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, we have
contractual and other legal obligations to indemnify and to incur legal expenses on behalf of our business and commercial partners and
current and former directors and officers. 

- 21 - 

 Table of Contents 

We
may require additional funding to support our business. 

To
grow our business, FingerMotion currently looks to take advantage of the immense growth in the total variety of mobile services provided
in China. The combined business revenue in the telecom sector rose 8 year on year to about USD232.43 billion in 2021, with the growth
rate up 4.1 percentage point from 2020. (source: https://english.news.cn/20220201/da5fa2c2aa614d948e960e7776f84c76/c.html ). For
the Company to continue to grow, the deposit with the Telecoms needs to increase, as most of the revenue we process is dependent on the
size of the deposit we have with each Telecom. We will likely need to raise additional capital to materially increase the amounts of
these deposits. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. Any debt
financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial
and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. We
cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate
funding or funding on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond
to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
effected. 

Claims
by others that we infringed their proprietary technology or other intellectual property rights could harm our business. 

Companies
in the Internet and technology industries are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations
of intellectual property rights. In addition, certain companies and rights holders seek to enforce and monetize patents or other intellectual
property rights they own, have purchased or otherwise obtained. As we gain a public profile and the number of competitors in our market
increases, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us grows. From time to time, third parties may assert claims
of infringement of intellectual property rights against us. Many potential litigants, including some of our competitors and patent-holding
companies, have the ability to dedicate substantial resources to assert their intellectual property rights. Any claim of infringement
by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, could distract our
management from our business and could require us to cease use of such intellectual property. Furthermore, because of the substantial
amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, we risk compromising our confidential information during
this type of litigation. We may be required to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees in connection with a claimant securing
a judgment against us, we may be subject to an injunction or other restrictions that prevent us from using or distributing our intellectual
property, or we may agree to a settlement that prevents us from distributing our offerings or a portion thereof, which could adversely
effect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

With
respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to seek out a license to continue operations found to be in violation
of such rights, which may not be available on favorable or commercially reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating
expenses. Some licenses may be non-exclusive, and therefore our competitors may have access to the same technology licensed to us. If
a third party does not offer us a license to its intellectual property on reasonable terms, or at all, we may be required to develop
alternative, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time (during which we would be unable to continue to offer our
affected offerings), effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events could adversely effect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

- 22 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

Our
stock has limited liquidity. 

Our
common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 28, 2021, and before that it traded on the OTCQX operated by OTC
Markets Group Inc. Trading volume in our shares may be sporadic and the price could experience volatility. If adverse market conditions
exist, you may have difficulty selling your shares. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control, including
the following: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities analysts or our failure to perform in line with such estimates; 

changes
 in market valuations of other companies, particularly those that market services such as ours; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

introduction
 of product enhancements that reduce the need for our products; 

departure
 of key personnel; and 

changes
 in overall global market sentiments and economy trends 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation
and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, stockholders
must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the market
price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us, our business, our market or our competition. The analysts estimates are based upon their own opinions and are often different
from our estimates or expectations. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock, provide a more favorable
recommendation about our competitors or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities would
likely decline. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail
to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our common
stock to decline. 

The
continued sale of our equity securities will dilute the ownership percentage of our existing shareholders and may decrease the market
price for our common shares. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 1,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue additional shares of our capital stock to provide additional financing
in the future and designate the rights of the preferred shares, which may include voting, dividend, distribution or other rights that
are preferential to those held by the common stockholders. The issuance of any such common or preferred shares may result in a reduction
of the book value or market price of our outstanding common shares. To grow our business substantially, we will likely have to issue
additional equity securities to obtain working capital to deposit with the telecommunications companies for which we process mobile recharge
payments. Our efforts to fund our intended business plans will therefore result in dilution to our existing stockholders. If we do issue
any such additional common shares, such issuance also will cause a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other
stockholders. As a result of such dilution, if you acquire common shares your proportionate ownership interest and voting power could
be decreased. Furthermore, any such issuances could result in a change of control or a reduction in the market price for our common shares. 

- 23 - 

 Table of Contents 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce
timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

As
a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the SOA ).
The SOA requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial
reporting. We have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources in order to maintain and improve the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in the conditions in our business. Further,
weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. Any failure to
develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our results
of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior
periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect the results
of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be
filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely adversely effect the market price of our common
stock 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and
sell our shares of common stock, which could depress the price of our shares of common stock. 

FINRA
rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for a customer before recommending
that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and
other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced
securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, if our shares of common stock become speculative low-priced securities,
the FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our shares of common stock, which
may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares of common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock,
and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

Our
shares of common stock have been thinly traded, and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your
shares of common stock to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Until
December 28, 2021, our shares of common stock were quoted on the OTCQB/QX where they were thinly-traded , meaning that the
number of persons interested in purchasing our shares of common stock at or near bid prices at any given time was relatively small or
non-existent. Since we listed on Nasdaq on December 28, 2021, the volume of our shares of common stock traded has increased, but that
volume could decrease until we are thinly-traded again. That could occur due to a number of factors, including that we are relatively
unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales
volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and might be reluctant to follow an unproven
company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares of common stock until such time as we became more seasoned.
As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares of common stock is minimal or non-existent,
as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales
without an adverse effect on share price. Broad or active public trading market for our shares of common stock may not develop or be
sustained. 

- 24 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to the VIE Agreements 

The
PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations 

JiuGe
Management manages and operates the mobile data business through JiuGe Technology pursuant to the rights its holds under the VIE Agreements.
Almost all economic benefits and risks arising from JiuGe Technology s operations are transferred to JiuGe Management under these
agreements. 

There
are risks involved with the operation of our business in reliance on the VIE Agreements, including the risk that the VIE Agreements may
be determined by PRC regulators or courts to be unenforceable. Our PRC counsel has advised us that the VIE Agreements are binding and
enforceable under PRC law, but has further advised that if the VIE Agreements were for any reason determined to be in breach of any existing
or future PRC laws or regulations, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such breach, including: 

imposing
 economic penalties; 

discontinuing
 or restricting the operations of JiuGe Technology or JiuGe Management; 

imposing
 conditions or requirements in respect of the VIE Agreements with which JiuGe Technology or JiuGe Management may not be able to comply; 

requiring
 our company to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; 

taking
 other regulatory or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our company s business; and 

revoking
 the business licenses and/or the licenses or certificates of JiuGe Management, and/or voiding the VIE Agreements. 

Any
of these actions could adversely affect our ability to manage, operate and gain the financial benefits of JiuGe Technology, which would
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, if the PRC government determines
that the contractual arrangements constituting part of our VIE structure do not comply with PRC regulations, or if regulations change
or are interpreted differently in the future, we may be unable to assert our contractual rights over the assets of our VIE, and our Common
Shares may decline in value or become worthless. 

Our
ability to manage and operate JiuGe Technology under the VIE Agreements may not be as effective as direct ownership. 

We
conduct our mobile data business in the PRC and generate virtually all of our revenues through the VIE Agreements. Our plans for future
growth are based substantially on growing the operations of JiuGe Technology. However, the VIE Agreements may not be as effective in
providing us with control over JiuGe Technology as direct ownership. Under the current VIE arrangements, as a legal matter, if JiuGe
Technology fails to perform its obligations under these contractual arrangements, we may have to (i) incur substantial costs and resources
to enforce such arrangements, and (ii) rely on legal remedies under PRC law, which we cannot be sure would be effective. Therefore, if
we are unable to effectively control JiuGe Technology, it may have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives
and grow our revenues. 

The
VIE Agreements have never been challenged or recognized in court for the time being, the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements
are not in compliance with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

The
VIE Agreements are governed by the PRC law and provide for the resolution of disputes through arbitral proceedings pursuant to PRC law.
If JiuGe Technology or its shareholders fail to perform the obligations under the VIE Agreements, we would be required to resort to legal
remedies available under PRC law, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, or claiming damages. We cannot be sure
that such remedies would provide us with effective means of causing JiuGe Technology to meet its obligations or recovering any losses
or damages as a result of non-performance. Further, the legal environment in China is not as developed as in other jurisdictions. Uncertainties
in the application of various laws, rules, regulations or policies in PRC legal system could limit our liability to enforce the VIE Agreements
and protect our interests. 

- 25 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
payment arrangement under the VIE Agreements may be challenged by the PRC tax authorities. 

We
generate our revenues through the payments we receive pursuant to the VIE Agreements. We could face adverse tax consequences if the PRC
tax authorities determine that the VIE Agreements were not entered into based on arm s length negotiations. For example, PRC tax
authorities may adjust our income and expenses for PRC tax purposes which could result in our being subject to higher tax liability or
cause other adverse financial consequences. 

Shareholders
of JiuGe Technology have potential conflicts of interest with our Company which may adversely effect our business. 

Li
Li is the legal representative and general manager, and also a shareholder of JiuGe Technology. There could be conflicts that arise from
time to time between our interests and the interests of Ms. Li. There could also be conflicts that arise between us and JiuGe Technology
that would require our shareholders and JiuGe Technology s shareholders to vote on corporate actions necessary to resolve the conflict.
There can be no assurance in any such circumstances that Ms. Li will vote her shares in our best interest or otherwise act in the best
interests of our company. If Ms. Li fails to act in our best interests, our operating performance and future growth could be adversely
effected. 

We
rely on the approval certificates and business license held by JiuGe Management and any deterioration of the relationship between JiuGe
Management and JiuGe Technology could materially and adversely effect our business operations. 

We
operate our mobile data business in China on the basis of the approval certificates, business license and other requisite licenses held
by JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology. There is no assurance that JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology will be able to renew their
licenses or certificates when their terms expire with substantially similar terms as the ones they currently hold. 

Further,
our relationship with JiuGe Technology is governed by the VIE Agreements that are intended to provide us with effective control over
the business operations of JiuGe Technology. However, the VIE Agreements may not be effective in providing control over the application
for and maintenance of the licenses required for our business operations. JiuGe Technology could violate the VIE Agreements, go bankrupt,
suffer from difficulties in its business or otherwise become unable to perform its obligations under the VIE Agreements and, as a result,
our operations, reputations and business could be severely harmed. 

If
JiuGe Management exercises the purchase option it holds over JiuGe Technology s share capital pursuant to the VIE Agreements, the
payment of the purchase price could materially and adversely effect our financial position. 

Under
the VIE Agreements, JiuGe Technology s shareholders have granted JiuGe Management an option for the maximum period of time permitted
by law to purchase all of the equity interest in JiuGe Technology at a price equal to one dollar or the lowest applicable price allowable
by PRC laws and regulations. As JiuGe Technology is already our contractually controlled affiliate, JiuGe Management s exercising
of the option would not bring immediate benefits to our company, and payment of the purchase prices could adversely effect our financial
position. 

- 26 - 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes
in China s political or economic situation could harm us and our operating results. 

Economic
reforms adopted by the Chinese government have had a positive effect on the economic development of the country, but the government could
change these economic reforms or any of the legal systems at any time. This could either benefit or damage our operations and profitability.
Some of the things that could have this effect are: 

Level
 of government involvement in the economy; 

Control
 of foreign exchange; 

Methods
 of allocating resources; 

Balance
 of payments position; 

International
 trade restrictions; and 

International
 conflict. 

The
Chinese economy differs from the economies of most countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the
 OECD ), in many ways. For example, state-owned enterprises still constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy and weak
corporate governance and a lack of flexible currency exchange policy still prevail in China. As a result of these differences, we may
not develop in the same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy was similar to those of the OECD member countries. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

We
conduct substantially all of our business through our operating subsidiary and affiliate in the PRC. Our principal operating subsidiary
and affiliate, JiuGe Management and JiuGe Technology, are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China
and, in particular, laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court
decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since 1979, a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly
enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, since the PRC legal system continues to
evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations
and rules involves uncertainties, which may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition, any litigation in China may
be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, most of our executive
officers and all of our directors are not residents of the United States, and substantially all the assets of these persons are located
outside the United States. As a result, it could be difficult for investors to effect service of process in the United States or to enforce
a judgment obtained in the United States against our Chinese operations, subsidiary and affiliate. 

The
current tensions in international trade and rising political tensions, particularly between the United States and China, may adversely
impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Recently
there have been heightened tensions in international economic relations, such as the one between the United States and China. Political
tensions between the United States and China have escalated due to, among other things, trade disputes, the COVID-19 outbreak, sanctions
imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury on certain officials of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the PRC central government
and the executive orders issued by the U.S. government in November 2020 that prohibit certain transactions with certain China-based companies
and their respective subsidiaries. Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trade, investments, technological exchanges, and
other economic activities between the two major economies. Such tensions between the United States and China, and any escalation thereof,
may have a negative impact on the general, economic, political, and social conditions in China and, in turn, adversely impacting our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Regulations were introduced which includes but not limited to Article 177 of
the PRC Securities Law which states that overseas securities regulatory authorities shall not carry out an investigation and evidence
collection activities directly in China without the consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the relevant
State Council department(s). It further defines that no organization or individual shall provide the documents and materials relating
to securities business activities to overseas parties arbitrarily. With this regulation in force, it may result in delays by the Company
to fulfill any request to provide relevant documents or materials by the regulatory authorities or in the worst-case scenario that the
Company would not be able to fulfill the request if the approval from the regulatory authority of the State Council and the relevant
State Council department(s) were rejected. 

- 27 - 

 Table of Contents 

You
may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. 

We
are a Delaware holding company, but Finger Motion (CN) Limited is a Hong Kong company, and our principal operating affiliate and subsidiary,
JiuGe Technology and JiuGe Management, are located in the PRC. Most of our assets are located outside the United States and most of our
current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries
other than the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result,
it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you
to enforce in U.S. courts judgments predicated on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our
officers and directors, most of whom are not residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located
outside the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments
of U.S. courts. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. Courts in China
may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between
China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements
that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according to the
PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide
that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or the public interest. Therefore, it is uncertain
whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. 

The
PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. 

The
PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those
relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. We believe that
our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However, the central or local
governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations
that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations. 

Accordingly,
government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally
planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic
conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Chinese properties
or joint ventures. 

The
PRC government may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based
issuers. 

Recent
statements by the PRC government indicate an intent to take actions to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated Trial Administrative Measures of
Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant
guidelines, which became effective on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures regulate both direct and indirect overseas
offering and listing of PRC domestic companies securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures, if the issuer meets both the following conditions, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted by
such issuer will be determined as indirect overseas offering, which shall subject to the filing procedure set forth under the Overseas
Listing Trial Measures: (i) 50 or more of the issuer s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented
in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (ii)
the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in mainland China, or its main places of business are located
in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operations and management are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled
in mainland China. Where an abovementioned issuer submits an application for an initial public offering to competent overseas regulators,
such issuer shall file with the CSRC within three business days after such application is submitted. Where a domestic company fails to
fulfill filing procedure or in violation of the provisions as stipulated above, in respect of its overseas offering and listing, the
CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings to such domestic company, and impose a fine ranging from RMB1,000,000 to RMB10,000,000.
Also the directly liable persons and actual controllers of the domestic company that organize or instruct the aforementioned violations
shall be warned and/or imposed fines. 

Also
on February 17, 2023, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice
on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which, among others, clarifies that the domestic
companies that have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures (March 31, 2023)
shall be deemed as stock enterprises . Stock enterprises are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately,
and they shall be required to file with the CSRC when subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. 

If
we offer new securities in the future, we may have to file with the CSRC, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability
to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

Future
inflation in China may inhibit our ability to conduct business in China. 

In
recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and highly fluctuating rates of inflation. During the past
ten years, the rate of inflation in China has been as high as 20.7 and as low as -2.2 . These factors have led to the adoption by the
Chinese government, from time to time, of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth
and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to
take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China, and thereby harm the market for our products and our company. 

Capital
outflow policies in the PRC may hamper our ability to remit income to the United States. 

The
PRC has adopted currency and capital transfer regulations. These regulations may require that we comply with complex regulations for
the movement of capital and as a result we may not be able to remit all income earned and proceeds received in connection with our operations
or from the sale of one of our operating subsidiaries to the U.S. or to our shareholders. 

- 28 - 

 Table of Contents 

Adverse
regulatory developments in China may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory
scrutiny to be adopted by the SEC in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance
requirements for companies like us with significant China-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject
us to additional disclosure requirements. 

The
recent regulatory developments in China, in particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore,
may lead to additional regulatory review in China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition,
we may be subject to industry-wide regulations that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of limiting
our service offerings, restricting the scope of our operations in China, or causing the suspension or termination of our business operations
in China entirely, all of which will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
may have to adjust, modify, or completely change our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments,
and we cannot assure you that any remedial action adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner
or at all. 

On
July 30, 2021, in response to the recent regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of
the SEC issued a statement asking the SEC staff to seek additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating
companies before their registration statements will be declared effective. On August 1, 2021, the CSRC stated in a statement that it
had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced by the SEC regarding the listings of Chinese companies and the recent regulatory
development in China, and that both countries should strengthen communications on regulating China-related issuers. We cannot guarantee
that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory review and we could be exposed to government interference in China. 

Compliance
with China s new Data Security Law, Measures on Cybersecurity Review (revised draft for public consultation), Personal Information
Protection Law (second draft for consultation), regulations and guidelines relating to the multi-level protection scheme and any other
future laws and regulations may entail significant expenses and could materially effect our business. 

China
has implemented or will implement rules and is considering a number of additional proposals relating to data protection. China s
new Data Security Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress of China in June 2021, or the Data
Security Law, took effect in September 2021. The Data Security Law provides that the data processing activities must be conducted based
on data classification and hierarchical protection system for the purpose of data protection and prohibits entities in
China from transferring data stored in China to foreign law enforcement agencies or judicial authorities without prior approval by the
Chinese government. As a result of the new Data Security Law, we may need to make adjustments to our data processing practices to comply
with this law. 

Additionally,
China s Cyber Security Law, requires companies to take certain organizational, technical and administrative measures and other
necessary measures to ensure the security of their networks and data stored on their networks. Specifically, the Cyber Security Law provides
that China adopt a multi-level protection scheme (MLPS), under which network operators are required to perform obligations of security
protection to ensure that the network is free from interference, disruption or unauthorized access, and prevent network data from being
disclosed, stolen or tampered. Under the MLPS, entities operating information systems must have a thorough assessment of the risks and
the conditions of their information and network systems to determine the level to which the entity s information and network systems
belong-from the lowest Level 1 to the highest Level 5 pursuant to the Measures for the Graded Protection and the Guidelines for Grading
of Classified Protection of Cyber Security. The grading result will determine the set of security protection obligations that entities
must comply with. Entities classified as Level 2 or above should report the grade to the relevant government authority for examination
and approval. 

Recently,
the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC has taken action against several Chinese internet companies in
connection with their initial public offerings on U.S. securities exchanges, for alleged national security risks and improper collection
and use of the personal information of Chinese data subjects. According to the official announcement, the action was initiated based
on the National Security Law, the Cyber Security Law and the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, which are aimed at preventing national
data security risks, maintaining national security and safeguarding public interests. On July 10, 2021, the CAC published a revised
draft of the Measures on Cybersecurity Review, expanding the cybersecurity review to data processing operators in possession of personal
information of over 1 million users if the operators intend to list their securities in a foreign country. 

It
is unclear at the present time how widespread the cybersecurity review requirement and the enforcement action will be and what effect
they will have on the telecommunications sector generally and the Company in particular. China s regulators may impose penalties
for non-compliance ranging from fines or suspension of operations, and this could lead to us delisting from the U.S. stock market. 

- 29 - 

 Table of Contents 

Also,
on November 20, 2021, the National People s Congress passed the Personal Information Protection Law, which was implemented on November
1, 2021. The law creates a comprehensive set of data privacy and protection requirements that apply to the processing of personal information
and expands data protection compliance obligations to cover the processing of personal information of persons by organizations and individuals
in China, and the processing of personal information of persons in China outside of China if such processing is for purposes of providing
products and services to, or analyzing and evaluating the behavior of, persons in China. The law also proposes that critical information
infrastructure operators and personal information processing entities who process personal information meeting a volume threshold to-be-set
by Chinese cyberspace regulators are also required to store in China personal information generated or collected in China, and to pass
a security assessment administered by Chinese cyberspace regulators for any export of such personal information. Lastly, the draft contains
proposals for significant fines for serious violations of up to RMB 50 million or 5 of annual revenues from the prior year. 

Interpretation,
application and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations evolve from time to time and their scope may continually change, through
new legislation, amendments to existing legislation and changes in enforcement. Compliance with the Cyber Security Law and the Data Security
Law could significantly increase the cost to us of providing our service offerings, require significant changes to our operations or
even prevent us from providing certain service offerings in jurisdictions in which we currently operate or in which we may operate in
the future. Despite our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security, it is possible that our practices, offerings or platform could fail to meet all of the requirements imposed
on us by the Cyber Security Law, the Data Security Law and/or related implementing regulations. Any failure on our part to comply with
such law or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any compromise of security
that results in unauthorized access, use or release of personally identifiable information or other data, or the perception or allegation
that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise has occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing counterparties
from contracting with us or result in investigations, fines, suspension or other penalties by Chinese government authorities and private
claims or litigation, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even
if our practices are not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation
and brand and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, the legal uncertainty created by
the Data Security Law and the recent Chinese government actions could materially adversely effect our ability, on favorable terms, to
raise capital, including engaging in follow-on offerings of our securities in the U.S. market 

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

The
majority of our revenues will be settled in Chinese Renminbi (RMB), and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in RMB to fund any future business activities outside China or to make dividend or other payments in U.S. dollars.
Although the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions,
significant restrictions still remain, including primarily the restriction that foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell or remit
foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents, at those banks in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business.
In addition, conversion of RMB for capital account items, including direct investment and loans, is subject to governmental approval
in China, and companies are required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital account items. We cannot be
certain that the Chinese regulatory authorities will not impose more stringent restrictions on the convertibility of the RMB. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could adversely effect our business and the value of our securities. 

The
value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between those currencies
and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S.
dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be
exchanged into U.S. dollars as well as earnings from, and the value of, any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future. 

Since
July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign
exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly
in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions
on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. 

Very
limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered
into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these
transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange
losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies. 

- 30 - 

 Table of Contents 

Restrictions
under PRC law on our PRC subsidiary s ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our
ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business, pay dividends to our shareholders, and otherwise fund
and conduct our businesses. 

Substantially
all of our revenue is earned by JiuGe Management, our PRC subsidiary. PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to make
dividends and other payments to its offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividends by our PRC subsidiary
only out of its accumulated after-tax profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Our PRC
subsidiary is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10 of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance
with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reaches 50 of our registered capital. Allocations to
these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans, advances or
cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our
ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct
our business. 

PRC
regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from making loans or
additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary and affiliated entities, which could harm our liquidity and our ability to fund
and expand our business. 

As
an offshore holding company of our PRC subsidiary, we may (i) make loans to our PRC subsidiary and affiliated entities, (ii) make additional
capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary, (iii) establish new PRC subsidiaries and make capital contributions to these new PRC subsidiaries,
and (iv) acquire offshore entities with business operations in China in an offshore transaction. However, most of these uses are subject
to PRC regulations and approvals. For example: 

loans
 by us to our wholly-owned subsidiary in China, which is a foreign-invested enterprise, cannot exceed statutory limits and must be
 registered with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC (the SAFE or its local counterparts; 

loans
 by us to our affiliated entities, which are domestic PRC entities, over a certain threshold must be approved by the relevant government
 authorities and must also be registered with the SAFE or its local counterparts; and 

capital
 contributions to our wholly-owned subsidiary must file a record with the PRC Ministry of Commerce MOFCOM or
 its local counterparts and shall also be limited to the difference between the registered capital and the total investment amount. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain these government registrations or filings on a timely basis, or at all. If we fail to
finish such registrations or filings, our ability to capitalize our PRC subsidiary s operations may be adversely effected, which
could adversely effect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

On
March 30, 2015, the SAFE promulgated a notice relating to the administration of foreign invested company of its capital contribution
in foreign currency into RMB (Hui Fa [2015]19) Circular 19 ). Although Circular 19 has fastened the administration
relating to the settlement of exchange of foreign-investment, allows the foreign-invested company to settle the exchange on a voluntary
basis, it still requires that the bank review the authenticity and compliance of a foreign-invested company s settlement of exchange
in previous time, and the settled in RMB converted from foreign currencies shall deposit on the foreign exchange settlement account,
and shall not be used for several purposes as listed in the negative list . As a result, the notice may limit our ability
to transfer funds to our operations in China through our PRC subsidiary, which may affect our ability to expand our business. Meanwhile,
the foreign exchange policy is unpredictable in China, it shall be various with the nationwide economic pattern, the strict foreign exchange
policy may have an adverse impact in our capital cash and may limit our business expansion. 

- 31 - 

 Table of Contents 

Failure
to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC
resident shareholders to personal liability, limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiary
or affiliate, limit our PRC subsidiary s and affiliate s ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially adversely
effect us. 

In
October 2005, the SAFE, issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through
Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China, generally referred to as Circular 75, which required PRC residents to register with
the competent local SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company SPV ),
for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents.
Internal implementing guidelines issued by the SAFE, which became public in June 2007 Notice 106 ), expanded the
reach of Circular 75 by (1) purporting to cover the establishment or acquisition of control by PRC residents of offshore entities which
merely acquire control over domestic companies or assets, even in the absence of legal ownership; (2) adding requirements
relating to the source of the PRC resident s funds used to establish or acquire the offshore entity; covering the use of existing
offshore entities for offshore financings; (3) purporting to cover situations in which an offshore SPV establishes a new subsidiary in
China or acquires an unrelated company or unrelated assets in China; and (4) making the domestic affiliate of the SPV responsible for
the accuracy of certain documents which must be filed in connection with any such registration, notably, the business plan which describes
the overseas financing and the use of proceeds. Amendments to registrations made under Circular 75 are required in connection with any
increase or decrease of capital, transfer of shares, mergers and acquisitions, equity investment or creation of any security interest
in any assets located in China to guarantee offshore obligations and Notice 106 makes the offshore SPV jointly responsible for these
filings. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related domestic company or assets, before the implementation
date of Circular 75, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed before March 30, 2006; this date was subsequently
extended indefinitely by Notice 106, which also required that the registrant establish that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken
by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with the requirements of Circular
75, as applied by the SAFE in accordance with Notice 106, may result in fines and other penalties under PRC laws for evasion of applicable
foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV s affiliates being impeded or prevented from distributing
their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, or from engaging in other transfers
of funds into or out of China. 

We
have advised our shareholders who are PRC residents, as defined in Circular 75, to register with the relevant branch of SAFE, as currently
required, in connection with their equity interests in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary and affiliate.
However, we cannot provide any assurances that their existing registrations have fully complied with, and they have made all necessary
amendments to their registration to fully comply with, all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 75. Moreover, because
of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether the SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict
how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. For example, our present and prospective PRC subsidiary s and
affiliate s ability to conduct foreign exchange activities, such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated
borrowings, may be subject to compliance with Circular 75 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition, such PRC residents may
not always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 75. We also have little control over either
our present or prospective direct or indirect shareholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident
beneficial holders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with Circular 75, if the SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident
beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiary s
and affiliate s ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely effect
our business and prospects. 

We
may be subject to fines and legal sanctions by the SAFE or other PRC government authorities if we or our employees who are PRC citizens
fail to comply with PRC regulations relating to employee stock options granted by offshore listed companies to PRC citizens. 

On
March 28, 2007, the SAFE promulgated the Operating Procedures for Foreign Exchange Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating
in Employee Stock Ownership Plans and Stock Option Plans of Offshore Listed Companies Circular 78 ). Under Circular
78, Chinese citizens who are granted share options by an offshore listed company are required, through a Chinese agent or Chinese subsidiary
of the offshore listed company, to register with SAFE and complete certain other procedures, including applications for foreign exchange
purchase quotas and opening special bank accounts. We and our Chinese employees who have been granted share options are subject to Circular
78. Failure to comply with these regulations may subject us or our Chinese employees to fines and legal sanctions imposed by the SAFE
or other PRC government authorities and may prevent us from further granting options under our share incentive plans to our employees.
Such events could adversely effect our business operations. 

- 32 - 

 Table of Contents 

Under
the New EIT Law, we may be classified as a resident enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable
tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. 

Under
the New EIT Law effective on January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside China with de facto management bodies within
China is considered a resident enterprise, meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for
enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the New EIT Law define de facto management as substantial and overall
management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties of the enterprise. 

On
April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese Investment
Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies (the Notice ),
further interpreting the application of the New EIT Law and its implementation non-Chinese enterprise or group controlled offshore entities.
Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group will be
classified as a non-domestically incorporated resident enterprise if (i) its senior management in charge of daily operations
reside or perform their duties mainly in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or persons in
China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties, accounting books, corporate chops, board and shareholder minutes are kept in China;
and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting rights or senior management often resident in China. A resident enterprise would
be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25 on its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate of 10 when paying
dividends to its non-PRC shareholders. However, it remains unclear as to whether the Notice is applicable to an offshore enterprise incorporated
by a Chinese natural person. Nor are detailed measures on imposition of tax from non-domestically incorporated resident enterprises are
available. Therefore, it is unclear how tax authorities will determine tax residency based on the facts of each case. 

Given
the above conditions, although unlikely, we may be deemed to be a resident enterprise by Chinese tax authorities. If the PRC tax authorities
determine that we are a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences
could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise
income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income such as interest on financing proceeds and non-China source
income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 . Second, although under the New EIT Law and its implementing rules
dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as tax-exempt income, we cannot guarantee that such dividends
will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax, have
not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for
PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new resident enterprise 
classification could result in a situation in which a 10 withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC shareholders
and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC shareholders from transferring our shares. We are actively monitoring the possibility
of resident enterprise treatment. 

If
we were treated as a resident enterprise by PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S. and China,
and our PRC tax may not be creditable against our U.S. tax. 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption laws, and
any determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
are subject to the FCPA and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials
and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have
operations, agreements with third parties and we earn the majority of our revenue in China. PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government
officials. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our executive officers, employees,
consultants, sales agents or other representatives of our Company, even though they may not always be subject to our control. It is our
policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements
may prove to be less than effective, and the executive officers, employees, consultants, sales agents or other representatives of our
Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result
in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively effect our business, operating
results and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations
committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

- 33 - 

 Table of Contents 

Because
our business is located in the PRC, we may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls, which we are
required to do in order to comply with U.S. securities laws. 

PRC
companies have historically not adopted a Western style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices, which includes
strong corporate governance, internal controls and, computer, financial and other control systems. Some of our staff is not educated
and trained in the Western system, and we may have difficulty hiring new employees in the PRC with such training. As a result of these
factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing
financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet Western standards. Therefore,
we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of
the SOA. This may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls, which could impact the reliability
of our financial statements and prevent us from complying with Commission rules and regulations and the requirements of the SOA. Any
such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 

The
disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public announcements are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory
bodies in the PRC. Accordingly, our public disclosure should be reviewed in light of the fact that no governmental agency that is located
in the PRC, where part of our operations and business are located, has conducted any due diligence on our operations or reviewed or cleared
any of our disclosure. 

We
are regulated by the SEC and our reports and other filings with the SEC are subject to SEC review in accordance with the rules and regulations
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Unlike public reporting companies whose operations are located
primarily in the United States, however, substantially all of our operations are located in the PRC and Hong Kong. Since substantially
all of our operations and business takes place outside of United States, it may be more difficult for the staff of the SEC to overcome
the geographic and cultural obstacles that are present when reviewing our disclosure. These same obstacles are not present for similar
companies whose operations or business take place entirely or primarily in the United States. Furthermore, our SEC reports and other
disclosure and public announcements are not subject to the review or scrutiny of any PRC regulatory authority. For example, the disclosure
in our SEC reports and other filings are not subject to the review of the CSRC. Accordingly, you should review our SEC reports, filings
and our other public announcements with the understanding that no local regulator has done any due diligence on our Company and with
the understanding that none of our SEC reports, other filings or any of our other public announcements has been reviewed or otherwise
been scrutinized by any local regulator. 

Certain
PRC regulations, including those relating to mergers and acquisitions and national security, may require a complicated review and approval
process which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

The
Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), which
became effective in September 2006 and were further amended in June 2009, requires that if an overseas company is established or controlled
by PRC domestic companies or citizens intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC domestic company affiliated with
the PRC domestic companies or citizens, such acquisition must be submitted to the MOFCOM, rather than local regulators, for approval.
In addition, the M A Rules requires that an overseas company controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies or citizens and holding
equity interests of PRC domestic companies needs to obtain the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, prior
to listing its securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published a notice on its official website specifying
the documents and materials required to be submitted by overseas special purpose companies seeking the CSRC s approval of their
overseas listings. 

The
M A Rules established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign
investors more time-consuming and complex. For example, the MOFCOM must be notified in the event a foreign investor takes control of
a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, certain acquisitions of domestic companies by offshore companies that are related to or affiliated
with the same entities or individuals of the domestic companies, are subject to approval by the MOFCOM. In addition, the Implementing
Rules Concerning Security Review on Mergers and Acquisitions by Foreign Investors of Domestic Enterprises, issued by the MOFCOM in November
2011, require that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors in any industry with national security concerns be subject
to national security review by the MOFCOM. In addition, any activities attempting to circumvent such review process, including structuring
the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement, are strictly prohibited. 

There
is significant uncertainty regarding the interpretation and implementation of these regulations relating to merger and acquisition activities
in China. In addition, complying with these requirements could be time-consuming, and the required notification, review or approval process
may materially delay or affect our ability to complete merger and acquisition transactions in China. As a result, our ability to seek
growth through acquisitions may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, if the MOFCOM determines that we should have obtained
its approval for our entry into contractual arrangements with our affiliated entities, we may be required to file for remedial approvals.
There is no assurance that we would be able to obtain such approval from the MOFCOM. 

- 34 - 

 Table of Contents 

If
the MOFCOM, the CSRC and/or other PRC regulatory agencies subsequently determine that the approvals from the MOFCOM and/or CSRC and/or
other PRC regulatory agencies were required, our PRC business could be challenged, and we may need to apply for a remedial approval and
may be subject to certain administrative punishments or other sanctions from PRC regulatory agencies. The regulatory agencies may impose
fines and penalties on our operations in the PRC, limit our operating privileges in the PRC, delay or restrict the conversion and remittance
of our funds in foreign currencies into the PRC, or take other actions that could materially and adversely effect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, reputation and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock. 

As
substantially all of our operations are conducted through the VIE in China, our ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving
distributions of funds from the VIE. However, the PRC government might exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted
overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which would likely result in a material change in our operations, even significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities or dividends to investors, and the value of our common
stock may depreciate significantly or become worthless. 

On
July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council
jointly issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law (the Cracking
Down on Illegal Securities Activities Opinions ). The Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities Opinions emphasized the
need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and the supervision over overseas listings by China-based companies,
and proposed to take measures, including promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to control the risks and deal with
the incidents faced by China-based overseas-listed companies. 

In
addition, on December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued the draft Administration Provisions of the State Council on the Administration of Overseas
Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Draft Administration Provisions and the draft Administrative
Measures for the Filing of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Draft Administrative Measures ),
for public comments. The Draft Administration Provisions and the Draft Administrative Measures regulate overseas securities offering
and listing by domestic companies in direct or indirect form. The Draft Administration Provisions specify the responsibilities of the
CSRC to regulate the activities of overseas securities offering and listing by domestic companies and establish a filing-based regime.
As a supporting measure to the Draft Administration Provisions, the Draft Administrative Measures, detail the determination criteria
for indirect overseas listing in overseas markets. Specifically, an offering and listing shall be considered as an indirect overseas
offering and listing by a domestic company if the issuer meets the following conditions: (i) the operating income, gross profit, total
assets, or net assets of the domestic enterprise in the most recent fiscal year was more than 50 of the relevant line item in the issuer s
audited consolidated financial statement for that year; and (ii) senior management personnel responsible for business operations and
management are mostly PRC citizens or are ordinarily resident in the PRC, or the main place of business is in the PRC or carried out
in the PRC. In accordance with the Draft Administrative Measures, the issuer or its designated material domestic company, shall file
with the CSRC and report the relevant information for its initial public offering. 

On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and five relevant guidelines, which became effective on March
31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures regulate both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies 
securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. According to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, if the issuer meets both the
following conditions, the overseas securities offering and listing conducted by such issuer will be determined as indirect overseas offering,
which shall subject to the filing procedure set forth under the Overseas Listing Trial Measures: (i) 50 or more of the issuer s
operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most
recent accounting year is accounted for by domestic companies; and (ii) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are
conducted in mainland China, or its main places of business are located in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business
operations and management are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in mainland China. Where an abovementioned issuer submits an application
for an initial public offering to competent overseas regulators, such issuer shall file with the CSRC within three business days after
such application is submitted. Where a domestic company fails to fulfill filing procedure or in violation of the provisions as stipulated
above, in respect of its overseas offering and listing, the CSRC shall order rectification, issue warnings to such domestic company,
and impose a fine ranging from RMB1,000,000 to RMB10,000,000. Also the directly liable persons and actual controllers of the domestic
company that organize or instruct the aforementioned violations shall be warned and/or imposed fines. 

Also
on February 17, 2023, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice
on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, which, among others, clarifies that the domestic
companies that have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures (March 31, 2023)
shall be deemed as stock enterprises . Stock enterprises are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately,
and they shall be required to file with the CSRC when subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. 

Due
to the Overseas Listing Trial Measures, we may have to file with the CSRC with respect to an offering of new securities, which may
subject us to additional compliance requirements in the future and we cannot assure you that we will be able to get the clearance
from the CSRC for any offering of new securities on a timely manner. Any failure of us to comply with the new Overseas Listing Trial
Measures may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our securities, cause significant
disruption to our business operations, and severely damage our reputation. 

Furthermore,
it is uncertain when and whether we will be able to obtain permission or approval from the CSRC or the PRC government to offer securities
to list on U.S. exchanges or the execution of a VIE Agreement in the future. However, our operations are conducted through the VIE in
PRC, and our ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from the VIE, if we do not obtain or
maintain any of the permissions or approvals which may be required in the future by the PRC government for the operation of the VIE or
the execution of VIE Agreements, our operations and financial conditions could be adversely effected, even significantly limit or completely
hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities or dividends to investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. 

- 35 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
audit report included in this Annual Report is prepared by an auditor who is currently being inspected by the PCAOB. However, if PCAOB
inspection is not able to be completed or completed in a timely manner, we could be delisted if we are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection
requirements established by the HFCAA. 

As
a public company with securities listed on Nasdaq, we are required to have our financial statements audited by an independent registered
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB. A requirement of being registered with the PCAOB is that if requested by the SEC or
PCAOB, such accounting firm is required to make its audits and related audit work papers be subject to regular inspections to assess
its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Since our auditor is located in Hong Kong and PRC, a jurisdiction where the
PCAOB has been unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the PRC authorities due to various state secrecy laws and the revised
Securities Law, the PCAOB currently does not have free access to inspect the work of our auditor. This lack of access to the PCAOB inspection
in the PRC prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of our auditor based in the PRC. As a result,
the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors
in the PRC makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control
procedures as compared to auditors outside of the PRC that are subject to the PCAOB inspections. 

On
December 18, 2020, the HFCAA was enacted. In essence, the act requires the SEC to prohibit securities of any foreign companies from being
listed on U.S. securities exchanges or traded over-the-counter if a company retains a foreign accounting firm that cannot
be inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, beginning in 2021. Our independent registered public accounting firm is located
in and organized under the laws of Hong Kong and the PRC, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without
the approval of the PRC authorities, and therefore our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB. 

On
March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final amendments, which will become effective 30 days after publication in the Federal Register,
relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final amendments will apply
to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because
of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Before any registrant will be required to comply with the interim final amendments,
the SEC must implement a process for identifying such registrants. As of the date of this Annual Report, the SEC is seeking public comment
on this identification process. Consistent with the HFCAA, the amendments will require any identified registrant to submit documentation
to the SEC establishing that the registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that jurisdiction, and will also require,
among other things, disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and government influence
on, such registrant. 

On
June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA which, if enacted, would decrease the number of non-inspection years from three years
to two, thus reducing the time period before the Company s securities may be delisted or prohibited from trading. 

On
November 5, 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100, Board Determination Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountability Act, effective
immediately. The rule establishes a framework for the PCAOB s determinations under the HFCAA that the PCAOB is unable to
inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by
an authority in that jurisdiction. 

On
December 2, 2021, SEC has announced the adoption of amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements
in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered
public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate Commission-Identified
Issuers ). The final amendments require Commission-Identified Issuers to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that,
if true, it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The amendments
also require that a Commission-Identified Issuer that is a foreign issuer, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 3b-4, provide
certain additional disclosures in its annual report for itself and any of its consolidated foreign operating entities. Further, the adopting
release provides notice regarding the procedures the SEC has established to identify issuers and to impose trading prohibitions on the
securities of certain Commission-Identified Issuers, as required by the HFCAA. The SEC will identify Commission-Identified Issuers for
fiscal years beginning after December 18, 2020. A Commission-Identified Issuer will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure
requirements in the annual report for each year in which it was identified. If a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified
Issuer based on its annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the registrant will be required to comply with the submission
or disclosure requirements in its annual report filing covering the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

- 36 - 

 Table of Contents 

On
December 16, 2021, PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of positions
taken by PRC authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework
for how the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under the HFCAA. The report further listed in its Appendix A and Appendix B, Registered
Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Mainland China Determination and Registered Public Accounting Firms Subject to the Hong Kong Determination,
respectively. The audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, was issued
by CZD CPA, an audit firm headquartered in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction that the PCAOB previously determined that the PCAOB is unable to
conduct inspections or investigate auditors. However, on December 15, 2022, the PCAOB determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete
access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate
its previous determinations. Should the PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future,
the PCAOB will consider the need to issue a new determination. 

In
June 2022, we were identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer on the SEC s Conclusive list of issuers identified under
the HFCAA (available at https://www.sec.gov/hfcaa and, as a result, we will be required to comply with the submission
or disclosure requirements in our annual report covering the fiscal year ending February 28, 2023. If we are so identified for another
two consecutive years, the SEC would prohibit our securities from trading on a securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading
market in the United States the earliest in early 2024 

Under
the HFCAA (as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023), our securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock
exchanges or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years,
and this ultimately could result in our common stock being delisted. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCAA, which was enacted
under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, as further described below. 

On
August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong. The Statement of Protocol gives the PCAOB sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and
potential violations it inspects and investigates and put in place procedures for PCAOB inspectors and investigators to view complete
audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed. In addition, the Statement of Protocol
grants the PCAOB direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates.
While significant, the Statement of Protocol is only a first step. Uncertainties still exist as to whether and how this new Statement
of Protocol will be implemented. Notwithstanding the signing of the Statement of Protocol, if the PCAOB cannot make a determination that
it is able to inspect and investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, trading
of our securities will still be prohibited under the HFCAA and Nasdaq will determine to delist our securities. Therefore, there is no
assurance that the Statement of Protocol will relieve us from the delisting risk under the HFCAA. 

On
December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, was signed into law, which amended the HFCAA (i) to reduce the number of
consecutive years that would trigger delisting from three years to two years, and (ii) so that any foreign jurisdiction could be the
reason why the PCAOB does not to have complete access to inspect or investigate a company s auditors. As it was originally enacted,
the HFCAA applied only if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign
jurisdiction where the relevant public accounting firm is located. As a result of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, the HFCAA
now also applies if the PCAOB s inability to inspect or investigate the relevant accounting firm is due to a position taken by
an authority in any foreign jurisdiction. The denying jurisdiction does not need to be where the accounting firm is located. 

The
SEC may propose additional rules or guidance that could impact us if our auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspection. For example, on
November 6, 2020, the President s Working Group on Financial Markets issued the Report on Protecting United States Investors from
Significant Risks from Chinese Companies to the then President of the United States. This report recommended that the SEC implement five
recommendations to address companies from jurisdictions that do not provide the PCAOB with sufficient access to fulfil its statutory
mandate. Some of the concepts of these recommendations were implemented with the enactment of the HFCAA. However, some of the recommendations
were more stringent than the HFCAA. For example, if a company was not subject to PCAOB inspection, the report recommended that the transition
period before a company would be delisted would end on January 1, 2022. 

- 37 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
enactment of the HFCAA and the implications of any additional rulemaking efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information
in PRC could cause investor uncertainty for affected SEC registrants, including us, and the market price of our common stock could be
materially adversely affected. Additionally, whether the PCAOB will be able to conduct inspections of our auditor in the next two years,
or at all, is subject to substantial uncertainty and depends on a number of factors out of our control. If we are unable to meet the
PCAOB inspection requirement in time, our stock will not be permitted for trading on Nasdaq Capital Market either. Such a delisting would
substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our stock when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with
delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our stock. Also, such a delisting would significantly affect our ability to raise
capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164. We do not own any real property. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In
the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time become subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in connection with ongoing
business activities. The results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and unfavorable resolutions are possible
and could materially affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, regardless of the outcome, litigation
could have an adverse impact on us as a result of legal fees, the diversion of management s time and attention and other factors. 

There
are no matters as of February 28, 2023 that in the opinion of management might have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows, or that are required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

- 38 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 28, 2021 under the symbol FNGR , and before that it
traded on the OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol FNGR . Trading volume in our shares may be sporadic
and the price could experience volatility. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices relating to our common stock for
the periods indicated as quoted by the Nasdaq Capital Market. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down,
or commissions, and may not reflect actual transactions. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 February
 28, 2023 
 4.66 
 1.39 
 
 November
 30, 2022 
 9.79 
 0.62 
 
 August
 31, 2022 
 2.30 
 0.83 
 
 May
 31, 2022 
 2.99 
 1.24 
 
 February
 28, 2022 
 9.25 
 2.03 
 
 November
 30, 2021 
 7.24 
 4.00 
 
 August
 31, 2021 
 8.00 
 3.22 
 
 May
 31, 2021 
 13.80 
 7.00 
 
 February
 28, 2021 
 12.00 
 10.50 

On
May 22, 2023, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market was 1.40 per share. 

Transfer
Agent for Common Shares 

The
Registrar and Transfer Agent for our shares of common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC located at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York,
U.S.A., 11598. 

Holders
of Common Shares 

As
of May 22, 2023, there were approximately 306 holders of record of our common stock as reported by our transfer agent, VStock Transfer,
LLC, which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee names. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to use the net proceeds from any offerings of
our securities and our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business and do not intend or
expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board
of directors after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated
cash needs, outstanding indebtedness, and plans for expansion and restrictions imposed by lenders, if any. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Year
Ended February 28, 2023 

On
January 19, 2023, we issued 5,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.70 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
January 19, 2023 , we issued an aggregate of 25,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed
price of 2.85 per share to two individuals and one entity pursuant to consulting agreements. We relied upon the exemption from registration
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the two individuals
and one entity who are all U.S. persons. 

- 39 - 

 Table of Contents 

On
January 19, 2023, we issued 125,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.44 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
January 19, 2023, we issued 16,313 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 6.13 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
January 19, 2023, we issued 40,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 4.13 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
February 7, 2023, we issued 1,721,766 shares of common stock at price of 1.75 per share to our
primary lender pursuant to the cashless exercise of warrants issued to our primary lender on August 9, 2022. We relied upon the exemption
from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act, provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect
to the issuance of the shares. 

On
February 7, 2023, we issued 25,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.22 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
February 15, 2023, we issued 500,000 shares of common stock at price of 2.00 per share to our
primary lender pursuant to the conversion of 1,000,000 of principal amount of the convertible promissory note (the Note issued to our primary lender on August 9, 2022. We relied upon the exemption from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities
Act, provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the issuance of the shares. 

On
February 22, 2023, we issued 500,000 shares of common stock at price of 2.00 per share to our
primary lender pursuant to the conversion of 1,000,000 of principal amount of the Note issued to our primary lender on August 9, 2022.
We relied upon the exemption from the registration requirements under the U.S. Securities Act, provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the U.S.
Securities Act with respect to the issuance of the shares. 

On
February 28, 2023, we issued 150,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 0.74 per share to one individual pursuant to a
consulting agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the individual who is a U.S. person. 

On
February 28, 2023, we issued 7,500 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.85 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

On
February 28, 2023, we issued 125,000 common stock purchase warrants to acquire 125,000 shares of common stock at a price of 5.00 per
share until October 1, 2024, to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the
Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for the issuance of the warrants to the entity which
is a U.S. person. 

All
of the other sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 have been previously reported. 

Subsequent
to the Year Ended February 28, 2023 

On
March 17, 2023, we issued 2,465,816 shares of common stock at price of 0.863 per share to our primary lender pursuant to the conversion
of 2,128,000 of principal amount of the Note issued to our primary lender on August 9, 2022. We relied upon the exemption from the registration
requirements under the U.S. Securities Act, provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the U.S. Securities Act with respect to the issuance of the
shares. 

On
April 18, 2023, we issued 20,000 shares of common stock at a price of 3.00 per share pursuant to the exercise of warrants. We relied
upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 903 of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act
for the issuance of the 20,000 shares to the individual who is a non-U.S. person. 

On
April 24, 2023, we issued 70,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.64 per share to one entity pursuant to a consulting
agreement. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506(b) or Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act for the issuance of the shares to the entity that is a U.S. person. 

Issuer
Repurchases of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any of our outstanding securities during the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023. 

- 40 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The
following tables provide selected financial data for each of the past two years, and should be read in conjunction with, and are qualified
in their entirety be reference to, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, as presented under Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. These historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future
period. 

INCOME
 STATEMENT DATA 
 
 Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Revenue 

34,054,205 

22,927,415 

Cost
 of revenue 

(31,735,735) 

(20,113,294) 
 
 Gross
 profit 

2,318,470 

2,814,121 

Total
 operating expenses 

(8,984,535) 

(7,681,356) 
 
 Net
 loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

(7,539,142) 

(4,943,444) 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to the Company 

(8,068,212) 

(4,946,696) 
 
 Net
 Loss Per Share attributable to the Company - Basic 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 
 
 Net
 Loss Per Share attributable to the Company - Diluted 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 
 
 Weighted
 Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding (basic) 

44,014,060 

40,840,413 

Weighted
 Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding (diluted) 

44,014,060 

40,840,413 

BALANCE
 SHEET DATA 
 
 As
 at February 28, 2023 

As
 at February 28, 2022 

Working
 Capital 

15,229,331 

4,930,441 

Total
 Assets 

17,547,124 

10,366,905 

Accumulated
 Deficit 

(24,691,314) 

(17,152,172) 
 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

12,972,300 

5,088,250 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following management s discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations contain forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions including, among others, statements regarding our capital needs, business
plans and expectations. In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions
set forth in reports and other documents we have filed with or furnished to the SEC and, including, without limitation, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K filing for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained
herein. These factors, or any one of them, may cause our actual results or actions in the future to differ materially from any forward-looking
statement made in this document. Refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Introduction 

The
following discussion summarizes the results of operations for each of our fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022
and our financial condition as at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, with a particular emphasis on fiscal 2023, our most recently
completed fiscal year. 

Overview 

The
Company is a mobile data specialist company that operates the following lines of business: (i) Telecommunications Products and Services;
(ii) Value Added Product and Services; (iii) SMS and MMS; (iv) a RCS platform; (v) Big Data Insights; and (vi) a Video Game Division
(inactive). 

Telecommunications
Products and Services 

The
Company s current product mix consisting of payment and recharge services, data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, loyalty
points redemption and other products bundles (i.e. mobile protection plans). Chinese mobile phone consumers often utilize third-party
e-marketing websites to pay their phone bills. If the consumer connected directly to the telecommunications provider to pay his or her
bill, the consumer would miss out on any benefits or marketing discounts that e-marketers provide. Thus, consumers log on to these e-marketer s
websites, click into their respective phone provider s store, and top up, or pay, their telecommunications provider
for additional mobile data and talk time. 

- 41 - 

 Table of Contents 

To
connect to the respective mobile telecommunications providers, these e-marketers must utilize a portal licensed by the applicable telecommunication
company that processes the payment. We have been granted one of these licenses by China Unicom and China Mobile, each of which is a major
telecommunications provider in China. We principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of China
Unicom and China Mobile. 

We
conduct our mobile payment business through JiuGe Technology, our contractually controlled affiliate through the entry into a series
of agreements known as VIE Agreements in October 2018. In the first half of 2018, JiuGe Technology secured contracts with China Unicom
and China Mobile to distribute mobile data for businesses and corporations in nine provinces/municipalities, namely Chengdu, Jiangxi,
Jiangsu, Chongqing, Shanghai, Zhuhai, Zhejiang, Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia, Henan and Fujian. In September 2018, JiuGe Technology launched
and commercialized mobile payment and recharge services to businesses for China Unicom. In May 2021, JiuGe Technology signed a volume-based
agreement with China Mobile Fujian to offer recharge services to the Fujian province which we have launched and commercialized in November
2021. 

The
JiuGe Technology mobile payment and recharge platform enables the seamless delivery of real-time payment and recharge services to third-party
channels and businesses. We earn a rebate from each telecommunications company on the funds paid by consumers to the telecommunications
companies we process. To encourage consumers to utilize our portal instead of using our competitors platforms or paying China
Unicom or China Mobile directly, we offer mobile data and talk time at a rate discounted from these companies stated rates, which
are also the rates we must pay to them to purchase the mobile data and talk time provided to consumers through the use of our platform.
Accordingly, we earn income on the rebates we receive from China Unicom and China Mobile, reduced by the amounts by which we discount
the mobile data and talk time sold through our platform. 

FingerMotion
started and commercialized its Business to Business B2B model by integrating with various e-commerce
platforms to provide its mobile payment and recharge services to subscribers or end consumers. In the first quarter of 2019 FingerMotion
expanded its business by commercializing its first Business to Consumer B2C model, offering the
telecommunication providers products and services, including data plans, subscription plans, mobile phones, and loyalty points
redemption, directly to subscribers or customers of the e-commerce companies, such as PinDuoDuo PDD ), TMall TMALL and JD.Com JD ). The Company is planning to further expand its universal exchange platform by setting up B2C stores
on several other major e-commerce platforms in China. In addition to that, we have been assigned as one of China s Mobile s
loyalty redemption partner where we will be providing the services for their customers via our platform. 

Additionally,
as previously disclosed, on July 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology, our contractually controlled affiliate, entered into that certain Cooperation
Agreement with China Unicom s Yunnan subsidiary. Under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology is responsible for constructing
and operating China Unicom s electronic sales platform through which consumers can purchase various goods and services from China
Unicom, including mobile telephones, mobile telephone service, broadband data services, terminals, smart devices and related
financial insurance. The Cooperation Agreement provides that JiuGe Technology is required to construct and operate the platform s
webpage in accordance with China Unicom s specifications and policies, and applicable law, and bear all expenses in connection
therewith. As consideration for the service it provides under the Cooperation Agreement, JiuGe Technology receives a percentage of the
revenue received from all sales it processes for China Unicom on the platform. The Cooperation Agreement expires three years from the
date of its signature with yearly auto-renewal terms, but it may be terminated by (i) JiuGe Technology upon three months written
notice or (ii) by China Unicom unilaterally. 

During
the recent fiscal year, the Company expanded its offering under their telecommunication product and services by increasing their product
line revenue streams. In March 2020, FingerMotion secured a contract with both China Mobile and China Unicom to acquire new users to
take up the respective subscription plans. 

In
February 2021, we increased the mobile phones sales to end users using all of our platforms. This business will continue to contribute
to the overall revenue for the group as part of our offering to our customers. 

Value
Added Product and Services 

These
are new product and services that the Company expects to secure and work with the telecommunication provider and all our e-commerce platform
partners to market. The current and upcoming value-added product is the Mobile Protection programs which we plan to launch soon. In February
2022, our contractually controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology, through its 99 own subsidiary TengLian signed an agreement with both
China Unicom and China Mobile to co-operate to roll out the Mobile Device Protection product which is incorporated into the Telecommunication
subscription plans in line with their roll out of new mobile phones and new 5G phones. In mid-July 2022, we launched the roll out of
the Mobile Device protection product with the roll out of the new mobile phones and 5G phones. 

- 42 - 

 Table of Contents 

SMS
and MMS Services 

On
March 7, 2019, the Company through JiuGe Technology acquired Beijing Technology, a company in the business of providing mass SMS text
services to businesses looking to communicate with large numbers of their customers and prospective customers. With this acquisition,
the Company expanded into a second partnership with the telecom companies by acquiring bulk SMS and MMS bundles at reduced prices and
offering bulk SMS services to end consumers with competitive pricing. FingerMotion s subsidiary, Beijing Technology, retains a
license from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology MIIT to operate the SMS and MMS business in the
PRC. Similar to the mobile payment and recharge business, Beijing Technology is required to make a deposit or bulk purchase in advance
and has secured business customers, including premium car manufacturers, hotel chains, airlines and e-commerce companies, that utilize
Beijing Technology s SMS integrated platform to send bulk SMS text messages monthly. Beijing Technology has the capability to manage
and track the entire process, including guiding the Company s customer to meet MIIT s guidelines on messages composed, until
the SMS messages have been delivered successfully. 

Rich
Communication Services 

In
March 2020, the Company began the development of an RCS platform, also known as Messaging as a Platform MaaP ). This RCS
platform will be a proprietary business messaging platform that enables businesses and brands to communicate and service their customers
on the 5G infrastructure, delivering a better and more efficient user experience at a lower cost. For example, with the new 5G RCS message
service, consumers will have the ability to list available flights by sending a message regarding a holiday and will also be able to
book and buy flights by sending messages. This will allow telecommunication providers like China Unicom and China Mobile to retain users
on their systems, without having to utilize third party apps or log onto the Internet, which will increase their user retention. We expect
this to open up a new marketing channel for the Company s current and prospective business partners. 

Big
Data Insights 

In
July 2020, the Company launched its proprietary technology platform Sapientus as its big data insights arm to deliver data-driven
solutions and insights for businesses within the insurance, healthcare, and financial services industries. The Company applies its vast
experience in the insurance and financial services industry and capabilities in technology and data analytics to develop revolutionary
solutions targeted towards insurance and financial consumers. Integrating diverse publicly available information, insurance and financial
based data with technology and finally registering them into the FingerMotion telecommunications and insurance ecosystem, the Company
would be able to provide functional insights and facilitate the transformation of key components of the insurance value chain, including
driving more effective and efficient underwriting, enabling fraud evaluation and management, empowering channel expansion and market
penetration through novel product innovation, and more. The ultimate objective is to promote, enhance and deliver better value to our
partners and customers. 

The
Company s proprietary risk assessment engine offers standard and customized scoring and appraisal services based on multi-dimensional
factors. The Company has the ability to provide potential customers and partners with insights-driven and technology-enabled solutions
and applications including preferred risk selection, precision marketing, product customization, and claims management (e.g., fraud detection).
The Company s mission is to deliver the next generation of data-driven solutions in the financial services, healthcare, and insurance
industries that result in more accurate risk assessments, more efficient processes, and a more delightful user experience. 

On
or around January 25, 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Finger Motion Financial Company Limited s, big data analytic
arm branded Sapientus, entered into a services agreement with Pacific Life Re, a global life reinsurer serving the insurance
industry with a comprehensive suite of products and services. 

In
December 2021, the Company through JiuGe Technology formed a collaborative research alliance with Munich Re in extending behavioral analytics
to enhance understanding of morbidity and behavioral patterns in China market, with the goal of creating value for both insurers and
the end insurance consumers through better technology, product offerings and customer experience. 

Our
Video Game Division 

The
video game industry covers multiple sectors and is currently experiencing a move away from physical games towards digital software. Advances
in technology and streaming now allow users to download games rather than visiting retailers. Video game publishers are expanding their
direct-to-consumer channels with mobile gaming, the current growth leader, and eSports and virtual reality gaining momentum as the next
big sectors. In June 2018, we temporarily paused its publishing and operating plans for existing games, and the Company s Board
of Directors decided to re-focus the company s resources into new business opportunities in China, particularly the mobile phone
payment and data business. 

- 43 - 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Developments 

On
or around October 2022, our contractually controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology signed a cooperation agreement with Suning.com to expand
our reach to the China market. Sunning.com is a portal that primarily caters to consumers shopping for home appliances, consumer electronics,
health, and beauty products. 

On
or around December 2022, our contractually controlled subsidiary, JiuGe Technology and Munich Re, a large global reinsurer, have set
the stage for extension of their ongoing behavioral research and analytic studies into commercial implementation in the China market.
Through a proprietary behaviour intelligence system developed by Sapientus , the analytic innovation development arm of
FingerMotion, the companies will bring forward their jointly developed model algorithms and analytic insights for productionized applications
and wider market adoption. 

On
or about April 6, 2023, we eliminated our remaining convertible debt with our primary lender as a result of conversions by the primary
lender and payment by us to the primary lender. 

On
April 28, 2023, we repaid in full the US 730,000 convertible note that was issued in favor of Dr. Liew Yow Ming on May 1, 2022. 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended February 28, 2023 Compared to Year Ended February 28, 2022 

The
following table sets forth our results of operations for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Revenue 

34,054,205 

22,927,415 

Cost
 of revenue 

(31,735,735) 

(20,113,294) 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 

(8,984,535) 

(7,681,356) 
 
 Total
 other income (expenses) 

(872,772) 

(73,313) 
 
 Net
 Loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

(7,539,142) 

(4,943,444) 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

(529,603) 

(2,995) 
 
 Comprehensive
 loss attributable to the Company 

(8,068,212) 

(4,946,696) 
 
 Basic
 Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 
 
 Diluted
 Loss Per Share attributable to the Company 

(0.17) 

(0.12) 

- 44 - 

 Table of Contents 

Revenues 

The
following table sets forth the Company s revenue from its three lines of business for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Change
 ) 

Telecommunication
 Products Services 

27,006,978 

8,657,277 

212 

SMS
 MMS Business 

6,609,727 

14,138,720 

-53 

Big
Data 

437,500 

131,418 

233 

Total
Revenue 

34,054,205 

22,927,415 

49 

We
recorded 34,054,205 in revenue for the year ended February 28, 2023, an increase of 11,126,790 or 49 , compared to the year ended February
28, 2022. This increase resulted from an increase in revenue of 18,349,701 and 306,082 from our Telecommunication Products Services
and Big Data business, respectively, offset in part by a decrease in revenue of 7,528,993 from our SMS MMS business. We principally
earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers of telecommunications companies in China. Specifically, we
earn a negotiated rebate amount from the telecommunications companies for all monies paid by consumers to those companies that we process.
The increase in this line of business especially in the mobile recharge revenue was evident as we deployed certain funding that we had
secured in the last few months to this line of business. We plan to continue to develop our mobile recharge business and expect that
revenues would continue to grow further when we continue to deploy more funds. In contrast, our SMS texting service has shown a drop
in revenue as compared to last year. We are facing some challenges in this line of business due to the ongoing Covid outbreak in China.
During the first half year of the last fiscal year, our Big Data division secured a contract with Pacific Life Re, a global life reinsurance
serving the insurance industry with a comprehensive suite of products and services, to develop a holistic multi-faceted risk rating concept,
leveraging the Company s proprietary approach to analytics by drawing data from novel sources and filtering them through advance
algorithms with the ultimate goal to apply new insights generated from our predictive model to the traditional insurance industry. In
August 2022, after a successful project with Pacific Life Re in Asia, we secured a further contract to advance to the next phase of collaboration
which has contributed to the current revenue recorded. 

Cost
of Revenue 

The
following table sets forth the Company s cost of revenue for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Telecommunication
 Products Services 

25,327,090 

6,517,568 

SMS
 MMS Business 

6,408,645 

13,235,726 

Big
Data 

360,000 

Total
Cost of Revenue 

31,735,735 

20,113,294 

We
recorded 31,735,735 in costs of revenue for the year ended February 28, 2023, an increase of 11,622,441 or 58 , compared to the year
ended February 28, 2022. As previously mentioned, we principally earn revenue by providing mobile payment and recharge services to customers
of telecommunications companies, subscription plans and mobile phone sales in China. To earn this revenue, we incur cost of the product,
certain customer acquisition costs, including discounts to our customers and promotional expenses, which is reflected in our cost of
revenue. 

Gross
profit 

Our
gross profit for the year ended February 28, 2023 was 2,318,470, a decrease of 495,651 or 18 , compared to the year ended February
28, 2022. This decrease in gross profit resulted from lower profit margin for the period. The gross profit margin for the fiscal year
ended February 28, 2023 is 6.80 compared to a gross margin of 12.27 for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022. 

Amortization
 Depreciation 

We
recorded depreciation of 63,103 for fixed assets for the year ended February 28, 2023, an increase of 5,209 or 9 , compared to the
year ended February 28, 2022. This increase resulted from the purchase of equipment. 

- 45 - 

 Table of Contents 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

The
following table sets forth the Company s general and administrative expenses for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Accounting 

124,409 

195,948 

Consulting 

1,997,178 

2,022,397 

Entertainment 

224,954 

212,584 

IT 

68,099 

101,470 

Rent 

134,742 

111,690 

Salaries
 Wages 

1,980,125 

2,116,307 

Technical
Fee 

97,526 

127,487 

Travelling 

211,734 

103,405 

Others 

836,346 

289,294 

Total
G A Expenses 

5,675,113 

5,280,582 

We
recorded 5,675,113 in general and administrative expenses for the year ended February 28, 2023, an increase of 394,531 or 7 , compared
to the year ended February 28, 2022. The increased in travelling and other expenses are principally due to the funding exercise and the
Company s promotional activities during the period. 

Marketing
Cost 

The
following table sets forth the Company s marketing cost for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Marketing
 Cost 

430,291 

641,917 

We
recorded 430,291 in marketing cost for the year ended February 28, 2023, a decrease 211,626 or 33 compared to the year ended February
28, 2022. This decrease resulted from the product mix to meet the current market scenario which incurred less promotional activities.
Marketing costs represent the costs of promoting our product offerings through all our platforms. 

Research
 Development 

The
following table sets forth the Company s research development for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Research
 Development Big Data 

797,549 

923,387 

We
recorded 797,549 in research development for the year ended February 28, 2023, as compared to 923,387 for the year ended February
28, 2022. The decrease of 125,838 or 14 was due to the savings from data access and usage fee charged by telecommunications company. 

Our
Insurtech division focuses on consumer behavioral insights extraction for the purpose of risk assessment. Insights are mined from a multitude
of data sources, harmonized with the objectives of our various business partners. The initial phase of business application is to focus
on the insurance industry, particularly in the area of underwriting risk rating, complementary claims adjudication and assessment, and
risk segmentation market penetration. 

This
division comprises of experienced actuaries, data scientists, and computer programmers. 

The
expenses for research development include associated wages and salaries, data access fees and IT infrastructure. 

Over
the past year, we have deepened the Company s determined commitment toward working with partners in elucidating consumer insights
via big data algorithms and applying behavioral analytics to the fintech sector in sparking new innovations and commercial applications.
The following capture the most recent accomplishments and milestones: 

- 46 - 

 Table of Contents 

Strengthening
 partnership network Signed a new agreement to advance to the next phase of collaboration with Pacific Life Re in Asia. 

Upgrade
 of the analytic engine We have enriched the algorithms with more elaborative auxiliary data, which, in conjunction with the
 existing information system and records, will lend transformational support and capabilities to the analytics, empowering more precise
 and robust results that are suited for commercial applications. The collaborative research studies with leading industry partners
 have enhanced and validated our analytic framework and insurance risk rating services platform, which is now ready for deployment
 to the wide insurance and financial services industry. 

API
 rollout for market adoption Our risk rating services platform is built on an application programming interface (API) structure
 that is integrated with our partners core system, linked to an underlying data repertoire and analytic framework that facilitates
 real-time rating feedback to insurance companies. Regular API upgrades and enhancements enable greater flexibility in tightening
 service integration and broadening commercial opportunities with our partners. 

Official
 patent recognition Over the past two years, Sapientus has been granted eight patents by the National Copyright Administration
 of China (NCAC) for the abovementioned model algorithms and technological infrastructure as well as insurance-oriented applications,
 for example, Risk Rating API Design, Insurance Risk Assessment platform and Insurance Fraud Detection System (one other applications
 is still pending approval). NCAC is the governing body for patent and copyright verification and approval in China. The Company s
 successful applications for these patents validate Sapientus continuing innovation in data science and its application in
 the field of insurance, finance, and beyond, demonstrating the Company s active participation and contributions to the industry. 

Share
Compensation Expenses 

The
following table sets forth the Company s share compensation expenses for the periods indicated: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Share
 compensation expenses 

2,018,479 

777,576 

We
incurred fees of 2,018,479 in share issuance for consultants in consideration of the services which have been provided to the company
for the year ended February 28, 2023 as compared to 777,576 for the year ended February 28, 2022. The increase of 1,240,903 or 160 
was due to more consulting services and advisor associated with the Company s recent funding activities. The rationale for rewarding
these consultants and advisors with shares is to minimize the usage of cash by the Company to allow the Company to use the cash to invest
in revenue-generating activities. 

Operating
Expenses 

We
recorded 8,984,535 in operating expenses for the year ended February 28, 2023 as compared to 7,681,356 in operating expenses for the
year ended February 28, 2022. The increase of 1,303,179 or 17 for the year ended February 28, 2023 is as set forth above. 

Net
Loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

The
net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders was 7,539,142 for the year ended February 28, 2023 and 4,943,444 for the
year ended February 28, 2022. The increase in net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders of 2,595,698 or 53 resulted
primarily from the lower gross profit, increase in expenses pertaining to the funding exercise, interest expenses, provision for the
mandatory default amount and exercise of warrants from our primary lender on the Note issued on August 9, 2022. 

- 47 - 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
following table sets out our cash and working capital as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022: 

As
 at February 28, 2023 

As
 at February 28, 2022 

Cash
 reserves 

9,240,241 

461,933 

Working
 capital 

15,229,331 

4,930,441 

At
February 28, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 9,240,241as compared to cash and cash equivalents of 461,933 at February 28,
2022. The increase in the cash reserves is mainly due to the recent funds that we have raised. In order for us to continue to operate
our mobile payment business, we must deposit funds with our telecommunication companies from time to time in order to obtain access to
the mobile data and talk time we make available to consumers on our portal. With the recent funds that we have managed to raise, we have
deployed some of these funds into operations to increase our prepayments and deposits with the telecommunication companies and in return
able to generate a higher revenue. Accordingly, the amount of cash we have on hand fluctuates significantly from period to period as
explained above to ensure our cash is being used efficiently by our operations to generate revenues. The Company otherwise does not have
any planned capital expenditures and has historically funded its operations from revenues and sales of securities, including convertible
debt securities. We believe that our cash on hand, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, along with our revenues from operations,
will fund our projected operating requirements, fund our current operations and repay our outstanding indebtedness, in each case, for
at least the next 12 months. However, to grow our business substantially, we will need to increase the amount of funds we have deposited
with the telecommunications companies for which we process mobile recharge payments. Accordingly, we intend to continue to seek additional
capital through public or private sales of our equity or debt securities, or both. We might also enter into financing arrangements with
commercial banks or non-traditional lenders. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise additional
funding from the sale of our equity or debt securities, or both, in order to increase our deposits with our telecommunications company
clients, or if available, that such funding will be on terms acceptable to us. 

We
did, however, raise 12,020,000 through the sale of shares of our common stock in private placement transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act during the year ended February 28, 2023. 

Statement
of Cashflows 

The
following table provides a summary of cash flows for the periods presented: 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2023 

Year
 Ended 
 February 28, 2022 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

(8,614,133) 

(5,847,862) 
 
 Net
 cash used in investing activities 

(74,817) 

(26,072) 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

17,343,333 

5,414,194 

Effect
 of exchange rates on cash cash equivalents 

123,925 

70,956 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

8,778,308 

(388,784) 

Cash
Flow used in Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities increased by 2,766,271 in the year ended February 28, 2023 compared to the year ended February 28,
2022, primarily due to increase in prepayment and deposit of 1,074,983) (2022: 2,684,965)), increase in other receivable of 1,872,266)
(2022: 32,545)), decrease in accounts payable of 3,237,152) (2022: 1,114,653), decrease in accrual and other payables of 527,489)
(2022: 639,107) and decrease in lease liability of 2,212) (2022: 3,191)) offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of 3,100,387
(2022: 775,837)) and increase in inventories of 1,280 (2021:( 6)). 

Cash
Flow used in Investing Activities 

During
the year ended February 28, 2023, investing activities increased by 48,745 compared to the year ended February 28, 2022. The increase
resulted from the purchase of equipment. 

Cash
Flow provided by Financing Activities 

During
the year ended February 28, 2023, financing activities provided cash of 17,343,333 compared to 5,414,194 during the year ended February
28, 2022. The increase of 11,929,139 in the year ended February 28, 2023 was primarily due to the issuance of convertible notes and
the proceeds from issuance of shares of our common stock. 

- 48 - 

 Table of Contents 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

Subsequent
Events 

We
have determined that we do not have any material subsequent events to report. 

Outstanding
Share Data 

At
May 22, 2023, we have 51,988,030 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ).
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany
accounts, transactions, and profits have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Variable
interest entity 

Pursuant
to Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Section 810, Consolidation ASC 810 ), the Company is required to include in its consolidated financial statements, the financial statements of its
variable interest entities VIEs ). ASC 810 requires a VIE to be consolidated if that company is subject to a majority of
the risk of loss for the VIE or is entitled to receive a majority of the VIE s residual returns. VIEs are those entities in which
a company, through contractual arrangements, bears the risk of, and enjoys the rewards normally associated with ownership of the entity,
and therefore the company is the primary beneficiary of the entity. 

Under
ASC 810, a reporting entity has a controlling financial interest in a VIE, and must consolidate that VIE, if the reporting entity has
both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly affect the VIE s
economic performance; and (b) the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive benefits, that could potentially be significant
to the VIE. The reporting entity s determination of whether it has this power is not affected by the existence of kick-out rights
or participating rights, unless a single enterprise, including its related parties and de - facto agents, have the unilateral ability
to exercise those rights. JiuGe Technology s actual stockholders do not hold any kick-out rights that affect the consolidation
determination. 

Through
the VIE agreements disclosed in Note 1, the Company is deemed the primary beneficiary of JiuGe Technology. Accordingly, the results of
JiuGe Technology have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. JiuGe Technology has no assets that are collateral
for or restricted solely to settle their obligations. The creditors of JiuGe Technology do not have recourse to the Company s general
credit. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the Company s financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Management makes its best estimate of the ultimate outcome for these items based on historical trends and other
information available when the financial statements are prepared. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Certain
Risks and Uncertainties 

The
Company relies on cloud-based hosting through a global accredited hosting provider. Management believes that alternate sources are available;
however, disruption or termination of this relationship could adversely affect our operating results in the near term. 

Identifiable
Intangible Assets 

Identifiable
intangible assets are recorded at cost and are amortized over 3-10 years. Similar to tangible property and equipment, the Company periodically
evaluates identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. 

- 49 - 

 Table of Contents 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

The
Company classifies its long-lived assets into: (i) computer and office equipment; (ii) furniture and fixtures, (iii) leasehold improvements,
and (iv) finite lived intangible assets. 

Long-lived
assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of such assets may not be fully recoverable. It is possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology,
economy, or other industry changes. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment,
the Company first compares undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the
carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized
to the extent that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including
discounted cash flow models, relief from royalty income approach, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered
necessary. 

The
Company makes various assumptions and estimates regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors in determining the fair values
of the respective assets. The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values and the remaining useful lives of long-lived
assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic
trends, and internal factors such as the Company s business strategy and its forecasts for specific market expansion. 

Accounts
Receivable and Concentration of Risk 

Accounts
receivable, net is stated at the amount the Company expects to collect, or the net realizable value. The Company provides a provision
for allowances that includes returns, allowances, and doubtful accounts equal to the estimated uncollectible amounts. The Company estimates
its provision for allowances based on historical collection experience and a review of the current status of trade accounts receivable.
It is reasonably possible that the Company s estimate of the provision for allowances will change. 

Lease 

Operating
and finance lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of the
future lease payments over the lease term. When the rate implicit to the lease cannot be readily determined, the Company utilizes its
incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of the future lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is derived from
information available at the lease commencement date and represents the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow
on a collateralized basis over a similar term and amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. The right-of-use
asset includes any lease payments made and lease incentives received prior to the commencement date. Operating lease right-of-use assets
also include any cumulative prepaid or accrued rent when the lease payments are uneven throughout the lease term. The right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise
that option. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
and cash equivalents represent cash on hand, demand deposits, and other short-term highly liquid investments placed with banks, which
have original maturities of three months or less and are readily convertible to known amounts of cash. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for financial reporting
purposes at rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives range from three to seven years. Land is
classified as held for sale when management has the ability and intent to sell, in accordance with ASC Topic 360-45. 

Earnings
Per Share 

Basic
(loss) earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period while the effects of
potential common shares outstanding during the period are included in diluted earnings per share. 

- 50 - 

 Table of Contents 

FASB
Accounting Standard Codification Topic 260 ASC 260 ), Earnings Per Share, requires that employee equity share
options, non-vested shares and similar equity instruments granted to employees be treated as potential common shares in computing diluted
earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share should be based on the actual number of options or shares granted and not yet forfeited,
unless doing so would be anti-dilutive. The Company uses the treasury stock method for equity instruments granted in share-based
payment transactions provided in ASC 260 to determine diluted earnings per share. Antidilutive securities represent potentially dilutive
securities which are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings or loss per share as their impact was antidilutive. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 beginning on January 1, 2018 using the modified
retrospective approach. ASC 606 establishes principles for reporting information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from the entity s contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The core principle requires
an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
that it expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services recognized as performance obligations are satisfied. 

The
Company has assessed the impact of the guidance by reviewing its existing customer contracts and current accounting policies and practices
to identify differences that will result from applying the new requirements, including the evaluation of its performance obligations,
transaction price, customer payments, transfer of control and principal versus agent considerations. Based on the assessment, the Company
concluded that there was no change to the timing and pattern of revenue recognition for its current revenue streams in scope of ASC 606
and therefore there was no material changes to the Company s consolidated financial statements upon adoption of ASC 606. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from providing hosting and integration services and licensing the use of its technology platform to its customers.
The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement;
(2) the service has been provided to the customer (for licensing, revenue is recognized when the Company s technology is used to
provide hosting and integration services); (3) the amount of fees to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable; and (4) the collection
of fees is probable. We account for our multi-element arrangements, such as instances where we design a custom website and separately
offer other services such as hosting, which are recognized over the period for when services are performed. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under this method, income tax expense is recognized as the amount of: (i) taxes
payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that
includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided to reduce the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of available
evidence it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

Non-controlling
interest 

Non-controlling
interests held 1 of the shares of two of our subsidiaries are recorded as a component of our equity, separate from the Company s
equity. Purchase or sales of equity interests that do not result in a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Results
of operations attributable to the non-controlling interest are included in our consolidated results of operations and, upon loss of control,
the interest sold, as well as interest retained, if any, will be reported at fair value with any gain or loss recognized in earnings. 

Recent
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company does not believe recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect
on the consolidated financial position, statements of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide the information required
by this item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

- 51 - 

 Table of Contents 

FINGERMOTION,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the year ended February 28, 2023 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars) 

Index
to the Financial Statements 

Contents 
 Page(s) 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 
 F-6 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 Certified Public Accountants (Practising) 

Unit
 1304, 13/F, Two Harbourfront, 22 Tak Fung Street, Hunghom, Hong Kong. 
 22 13 1304 
 Tel : (852) 2126 2388 Fax : (852) 2122 9078 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of FingerMotion, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FingerMotion, Inc. (the Company as of February 28, 2023 and
2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of February 28, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations that raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note
3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

May 30, 2023 
We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

PCAOB
ID # 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

FingerMotion,
 Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

February 28, 
 February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepayment and deposit 

Other receivables 

Total Current Assets 

Non-current Assets 

Equipment 

Intangible assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Total Non-current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrual and other payables 

Stock subscription payables 

Convertible notes payable, current portion 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, non-current portion 

Lease liability, non-current portion 

Total Non-current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding - - shares. 

Common Stock, par value per share; Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares and issued and outstanding at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Additional paid-in capital - stock options 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Stockholders equity before non-controlling interests 

Non-controlling interests 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

FingerMotion,
 Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 

February 28, 
 February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Amortization depreciation 

General administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Stock compensation expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Exchange rate gain (loss) 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Loss before income tax 

Income tax expenses 

Net Loss 

Less: Net profit attributable to the non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to the Company s shareholders 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Loss Per Share - Basic 

Loss Per Share - Diluted 

NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY 

Loss Per Share - Basic 

Loss Per Share - Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

FingerMotion,
 Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Shareholders Equity 

` 
 
 Accumulated 

Capital
 Paid 
 Additional 
 
 Other 

Common
 Stock 
 in
 Excess 
 Paid-in
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of
 Par Value 
 stock
 options 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 equity 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at March 1, 2022 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Common
 stock issued for professional service 

Execution
 of convertible notes 

Cashless
 exercise of warrants 

Additional
 paid-in capital - stock options 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Net
 (Loss) 

Balance
at February 28, 2023 

` 
 
 Accumulated 

Capital
 Paid 
 Additional 
 
 Other 

Common
 Stock 
 in
 Excess 
 Paid-in
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 Non-controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 of
 Par Value 
 stock
 options 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 equity 
 interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at March 1, 2021 

Common
 stock issued for cash 

Common
 stock issued for professional service 

Execution
 of convertible notes 

Stock
 subscribed / (cancelled) 

Additional
 paid-in capital - stock options 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Net
 (Loss) 

Balance
 at February 28, 2022 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

FingerMotion,
 Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 

February 28, 
 February 28, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share based compensation expenses 

Amortization and depreciation 

Impairment of fixed assets 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable 

(Increase) decrease in prepayment and deposit 

(Increase) decrease in other receivable 

(Increase) decrease in inventories 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrual and other payables 

Increase (decrease) in due to lease liability 

Net Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceed form convertible notes 

Proceed form loan payable 

Repayment of convertible notes 

Advances from stock subscription payable 

Common stock issued for cash 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Major non-cash transactions: 

Execution of convertible note / Conversion of loan payables to shares 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

shares of common stock to the FMCL shareholders. In addition, the Company issued shares to
other consultants in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Share Exchange Agreement. 

The
transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition since, immediately following completion of the transaction, the
shareholders of FMCL effectuated control of the post-combination Company. For accounting purposes, FMCL was deemed to be the accounting
acquirer in the transaction and, consequently, the transaction is treated as a recapitalization of FMCL (i.e., a capital transaction
involving the issuance of shares by the Company for the shares of FMCL). Accordingly, the consolidated assets, liabilities, and results
of operations of FMCL became the historical financial statements of FingerMotion, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and the Company s
assets, liabilities and results of operations were consolidated with FMCL beginning on the acquisition date. No step-up in basis or intangible
assets or goodwill were recorded in this transaction. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange Agreement and the other transactions contemplated thereunder, FMCL became a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company. FMCL, a Hong Kong corporation, was formed in April 6, 2016. 

On
October 16, 2018, the Company through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. JiuGe
Management ), entered into a series of agreements known as variable interest agreements (the VIE Agreements pursuant
to which Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. JiuGe Technology became JiuGe Management s contractually
controlled affiliate. The use of VIE agreements is a common structure used to acquire PRC corporations, particularly in certain industries
in which foreign investment is restricted or forbidden by the PRC government. The VIE Agreements include a Consulting Services Agreement,
a Loan Agreement, a Power of Attorney Agreement, a Call Option Agreement, and a Share Pledge Agreement in order to secure the connection
and commitments of JiuGe Technology. 

On
March 7, 2019, JiuGe Technology also acquired 99 of the equity interest of Beijing XunLian BX ), a subsidiary that provides
bulk distribution of SMS messages for JiuGe customers at discounted rates. 

Finger
Motion Financial Company Limited was incorporated on January 24, 2020, and is 100 owned by FingerMotion, Inc. The company has been activated
for the insurtech business during the last quarter of the fiscal year where the Big Data division secured its first contract and recorded
revenue. 

Shanghai
TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. was incorporated on December 23, 2020, for the purpose of venturing into
mobile phone sales in China. It is 99 owned by JiuGe Technology. 

On
February 5, 2021, JiuGe Technology disposed of its 99 owned subsidiary, Suzhou BuGuNiao Digital Technology Co., Ltd which was established
to venture into R D projects. 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Assets
and liabilities of the VIE Subsidiary 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Operating
Result of VIE 

For the Year Ended February 28, 2023 
 For the Year Ended February 28, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

Amortization and depreciation 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Total operating expenses 

Profit (loss) from operations 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Tax expense 

Net profit (loss) 

Operating
Result of VIE Subsidiary 

For the Year Ended February 28, 2023 
 For the Year Ended February 28, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit (loss) 

Amortization and depreciation 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing cost 

Research development 

Total operating expenses 

Profit (loss) from operations 

Interest income 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Tax expense 

Net profit (loss) 

- years. Similar to tangible property and equipment, the Company periodically
evaluates identifiable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. 

to seven 
years. Land is classified as held for sale when management has the ability and intent to sell, in accordance with ASC Topic
360-45. 

and as at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 respectively, and had a net loss of and
 for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. 

The
Company s continuation as a going concern depends on its ability to obtain additional financing to fund operations, implement its
business model, and ultimately, attain profitable operations. The Company will need to secure additional funds through various means,
including equity and debt financing or any similar financing. There can be no assurance that the Company can obtain additional equity
or debt financing, if and when needed, on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. Any additional equity or debt financing may involve
substantial dilution to the Company s stockholders, restrictive covenants, or high interest costs. The Company s long-term
liquidity also depends upon its ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability. 

and in revenue, respectively, for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

SMS MMS Business 

Big Data 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Net equipment 

No
significant residual value is estimated for the equipment. Depreciation expense for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28,
2022 totaled and , respectively. 

Mobile applications 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Impairment of intangible assets 

Net intangible assets 

No
significant residual value is estimated for these intangible assets. Amortization expense for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022 totaled and , respectively. 

Deposit received 

Net Prepaid expenses for Telecommunication Products Services 

Others prepayment 

Prepayment and deposit 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

SMS MMS Business 

Deposit Paid / Prepayment 

Deposit received 

Net Prepaid expenses for SMS 

Others prepayment 

Prepayment and deposit 

In-transit capital injection for a subsidiary 

Others 

Lease Liability 

Current lease liability 

Non-current lease liability 

Total lease liability 

Remaining
 lease term and discount rate 

February
 28, 2023 

Weighted-average
 remaining lease term 

months 

Weighted-average
 discount rate 

Commitments 

The
following table summarizes the future minimum lease payments due under the Company s operating leases as of February 28, 2023: 

Thereafter 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

on May 1, 2022 and accruing interest at is due on . The note is convertible
anytime from the date of issuance into par value Common Stock at per share. 

A
secured, two-year, interest-free convertible promissory note with a principal amount of was issued on August 9, 2022 representing
a funded amount of 4,000,000 and a coupon of 20 (the Note ). The principal amount is payable commencing 180 days after
the issuance in 18 consecutive monthly payments, at the option of the Company, to be made in either cash, shares of common stock of the
Company, or a combination of cash and shares of the common stock of the Company. The note shall be available to be converted by the holder
any time after the earlier of 6 months from the date of issuance or the date of effectiveness of the registration statement covering
the applicable conversion shares into par value Common stock at per share subject to adjustment as provided therein. 

An
event of default under the Note occurred on November 4, 2022 and on November 21, 2022 pursuant to section 2.1(e) of the Note in relation
to the closing of our private placements of shares of common stock in the aggregate amount of shares at a price of per
share for gross proceeds of (the Private Placement Proceeds ). 

Section
2.2 of the Note provides for the remedies upon an event of default, which as described in the Note, the holder may at any time at its
option declare the Note immediately due and payable at an amount of 110 or 120 of the outstanding principal amount (the Mandatory
Default Amount depending on the type of event of default. In addition, upon an event of default, subject to any applicable cure
periods, the holder may (a) from time-to-time demand that all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount be converted into shares
of our common stock at the lower of (i) the conversion price (currently 2.00 per share) and (ii) 80 of the average of the three (3)
lowest daily VWAPs during the twenty (20) days prior to the delivery of the conversion notice, or (b) exercise or otherwise enforce any
one or more of the holder s rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under the Note, the Purchase Agreement, the other
transaction documents or applicable law. 

The
Mandatory Default Amount for an event of default under Section 2.1(e) of the Note is 110 of the outstanding principal amount of the
Note, which is . However, the holder has not declared the Mandatory Default Amount due and payable, which is the trigger for
accelerating the Mandatory Default Amount to be due and payable. 

In
addition, section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement provides that if we issued any equity interests, other than Exempted Securities 
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement), for aggregate proceeds to us of greater than 10,000,000 during the term of the Purchase Agreement,
excluding offering costs and other expenses, unless otherwise waived in writing by and at the discretion of the holder, we will direct
25 of such proceeds from such issuance to repay the Note. We
have advised the holder that the aggregate Private Placement Proceeds exceeds 10,000,000 and the holder does not seek to waive or require
payment of 25 of the proceeds as repayment of the Note. 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company issued 20,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.70 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 3.66 per share to one individual pursuant
to a consulting agreement. 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company issued 5,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 2.56 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 shares of our common stock at price of 2.00 per share to 2 individuals pursuant to the
exercise of warrants. 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company issued 70,000 shares of our common stock at price of 3.00 per share to one individual pursuant to the
exercise of warrants. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company issued 20,000 shares of our common stock at price of 3.00 per share to 2 individuals pursuant to the exercise
of warrants. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company issued 5,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.70 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company issued 25,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.22 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company issued 200,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 0.74 per share to one individual pursuant
to a consulting agreement. 

On
November 4, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,887,500 shares of common stock at a price of 4.00 per share to eleven individuals
due to the closing of its private placement at 4.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 7,550,000. 

In
connection with the closing of the private placement on November 4, 2022, the Company issued 91,875 shares of common stock at price of
 4.00 per share for a total value of 367,500 to one individual as finder s fees. 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock at a price of 4.00 per share to one entity due to the closing
of its private placement at 4.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 4,000,000. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company issued 5,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.70 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
January 19, 2023 , the Company issued an aggregate of 25,000 shares of our common stock at
a deemed price of 2.85 per share to two individuals and one entity pursuant to consulting agreements. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company issued 125,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.44 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company issued 16,313 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 5.19 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company issued 40,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 4.15 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company issued 1,721,766 shares of common stock at deemed price of 1.75
per share to its primary lender pursuant to the cashless exercise of warrants of the convertible promissory note (the Note issued to the Company s primary lender on August 9, 2022. 

On
February 7, 2023, the Company issued 25,000 shares of our common stock at a deemed price of 1.22 per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

On
February 16, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock at price of per share
to its primary lender pursuant to the conversion of of principal amount of the convertible promissory note (the Note issued to the Company s primary lender on August 9, 2022. 

On
February 22, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock at price of per share
to its primary lender pursuant to the conversion of of principal amount of the convertible promissory note (the Note issued to the Company s primary lender on August 9, 2022 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one individual pursuant
to a consulting agreement. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of our common stock at a deemed price of per share to one entity pursuant to
a consulting agreement. 

As
of February 28, 2023, and February 28, 2022, there were and shares of the Company s common stock issued and
outstanding, and none of the preferred shares were issued and outstanding. 

Stock
Purchase Warrants 

A
continuity schedule of outstanding stock purchase warrants as at February 28, 2023, and the changes during the periods, is as follows: 

Issued in Connection with January 2021 Offering 

Exercised 

Balance, February 28, 2021 

Exercised 

Balance, February 28, 2022 

Issued in Connection with August 2022 Offering 

Expired 

Issued in Connection with August 2022 Offering 

Issued in Connection with September 2022 Offering 

Issued in Connection with November 2022 Offering 

Issued in Connection with November 2022 Offering 

Exercised 

Exercised 

Issued in Connection with October 2022 Offering 

Cashless Exercised 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

During
Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022, we received cash proceeds totaling and , respectively, from the exercise of stock purchase
warrants. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which
the Company issued to the Investor a common stock purchase warrant (the Warrant to acquire 3,478,261 shares of common
stock of the Company, which is subject to reduction by 50 upon effectiveness of the registration statement covering the underlying shares. 

On
February 6, 2023, the Investor exercised the Warrant on the cashless exercise basis for all 3,478,261 warrants, resulting in the issuance
of 1,721,766 shares of common stock. 

On
October 19, 2022, the Company s board of directors authorized a six month extension to the expiry date of the common stock purchase
warrants that the Company issued on October 19, 2020 which have an expiry date of October 19, 2022 and an exercise price of 2.00 per
share (the October 2020 Warrants ). The new expiry date of the October 2020 Warrants is April 19, 2023. In addition, 50,000
stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of 3.00 per share have expired. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company issued 350,000 common stock purchase warrants to purchase 350,000 shares of its common stock at a price
of 5.00 per share until September 19, 2024 to one individual pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company issued 168,000 common stock purchase warrants to purchase 168,000 shares of its common stock at a price
of 1.75 per share until August 9, 2027 to The Benchmark Company, LLC Benchmark pursuant to a financial advisory agreement. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company issued 28,312 common stock purchase warrants to purchase 28,312
shares of its common stock at a price of 8.22 per share until November 4, 2025, to Benchmark pursuant to a financial advisory agreement. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company issued 10,000 common stock purchase warrants to purchase 10,000
shares of its common stock at a price of 6.70 per share until November 21, 2025, to Benchmark pursuant to a financial advisory agreement. 

During
the quarter ended November 30, 2022, the Company received 470,000 from the exercise of warrants for the purchase of 100,000 shares of
common stock of the Company at a price of 2.00 per share from 2 individuals and the purchase of 90,000 shares of common stock of the
Company at a price of 3.00 per shares from 3 individuals. 

On
January 13, 2023, the Company s board of directors has authorized a six month extension to the expiry date of the common stock
purchase warrants that the Company issued on January 13, 2021 which have an expiry date of January 13, 2023 and an exercise price of
 3.00 per share (the January 2021 Warrants ). The new expiry date of the January 2021 Warrants is July 13, 2023. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants to purchase shares of its common stock at a price
of per share until October 1, 2024 to one entity pursuant to a consulting agreement. 

A
summary of stock purchase warrants outstanding and exercisable as at February 28, 2023 is as follows: 

Stock
Options 

On
December 28, 2021, we granted an aggregate of 4,545,000 stock options pursuant to our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan having an exercise
price of 8.00 per share and an expiry date of five years from the date of grant to 40 individuals who were directors, officers, employees
and consultants of the Company. We relied upon the exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act provided by Rule 903 of
Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act for the grant of stock options to individuals who are non-U.S. persons and upon
the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the U.S. Securities Act for two individuals who are U.S. persons. The stock
options are all subject to vesting provisions of 20 on the date of grant and 20 on each of the first, second, third, and fourth anniversary
of the date of grant. At our annual meeting of stockholders held on February 17, 2023, the stockholders approved an amendment to the exercise
price of the outstanding stock options from 8.00 to 3.84. 

The
fair value of these stock options was estimated at the date of grant, using the Black-Scholes Option Valuation Model, with the following
weighted average assumptions: 

Expected Volatility 

Expected Life in Years 

Expected Dividend Yield 

Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value 

A
continuity schedule of outstanding stock options as of February 28, 2023, and the changes during the period, is as follows: 

Vested 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

Expired 

Balance, February 28, 2023 

The
table below sets forth the number of issued shares and cash received upon exercise of stock options: 

A
continuity schedule of outstanding unvested stock options at February 28, 2023, and the changes during period, is as follows: 

Vested 

() 

Balance,
 February 28, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Cancelled
 / Forfeited 

() 

Balance,
 February 28, 2023 

As
of February 28, 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of all outstanding stock options granted was estimated at as the current price
is lower than the revised strike price. 

A
summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable as of February 28, 2023 is as follows: 

 to 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding diluted 

Loss per common share basic 

Loss per common share diluted 

. The Company generated
a taxable loss for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

Hong
Kong 

Finger
Motion Company Limited is incorporated in Hong Kong and Hong Kong s profits tax rate is . Finger Motion Company Limited did
not earn any income that was derived in Hong Kong for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022. 

The
People s Republic of China (PRC) 

JiuGe
Management, JiuGe Technology, Beijing XunLian and Shanghai TengLian JiuJiu were incorporated in the People s Republic of China
and subject to PRC income tax at . 

Income
tax mainly consists of foreign income tax at statutory rates and the effects of permanent and temporary differences. The Company s
effective income tax rates for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022 are as follows: 

Foreign income not registered in the U.S. 

PRC profit tax rate 

Changes in valuation allowance and others 

Effective tax rate 

At
February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the Company has a deferred tax asset of and , resulting from certain net
operating losses in U.S., respectively. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which those net operating losses are available. The Company considers projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making its assessment. At present, the Company concludes that it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will be able
to realize all of its tax benefits in the near future and therefore a valuation allowance has been provided for the full value of the
deferred tax asset. A valuation allowance will be maintained until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the reversal of any
portion or all of the valuation allowance. At February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, the valuation allowance was and 
respectively. 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 

and the Warrant to acquire shares
of common stock of the Company (each, a Warrant Share ). A total of 4,000,000 was funded under the Note (representing the
principal amount less a coupon of 20 ). The conversion price of the Note is equal to 2.00, subject to customary adjustments, however,
if new securities, other than exempted securities, are issued by the Company at a price less than the conversion price, the conversion
price shall be reduced to such price. 

An
event of default under the Note occurred on November 4, 2022 and on November 21, 2022 pursuant to section 2.1(e) of the Note in relation
to the closing of our private placements of shares of common stock in the aggregate amount of shares at a price of per
share for gross proceeds of (the Private Placement Proceeds ). 

Section
2.2 of the Note provides for the remedies upon an event of default, which as described in the Note, the holder may at any time at its
option declare the Note immediately due and payable at an amount of 110 or 120 of the outstanding principal amount (the Mandatory
Default Amount depending on the type of event of default. In addition, upon an event of default, subject to any applicable cure
periods, the holder may (a) from time-to-time demand that all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount be converted into shares
of our common stock at the lower of (i) the conversion price (currently 2.00 per share) and (ii) 80 of the average of the three (3)
lowest daily VWAPs during the twenty (20) days prior to the delivery of the conversion notice, or (b) exercise or otherwise enforce any
one or more of the holder s rights, powers, privileges, remedies and interests under the Note, the Purchase Agreement, the other
transaction documents or applicable law. 

The
Mandatory Default Amount for an event of default under Section 2.1(e) of the Note is 110 of the outstanding principal amount of the
Note, which is . However, the holder has not declared the Mandatory Default Amount due and payable, which is the trigger for
accelerating the Mandatory Default Amount to be due and payable. On February 15, 2023 and February 22, 2023, the Investor provided notice
of partial conversion of the Note of shares respectively on each date amounting to a total conversion of of principal
amount. On March 17, 2023, the Investor again provided notice of conversion of the Note of shares amounting to a total of conversion
of of principal amount. On or about April 6, 2023, the Company paid the full outstanding balance of the Note which also includes
the 10 Mandatory Default Amount. 

In
addition, section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement provides that if we issued any equity interests, other than Exempted Securities 
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement), for aggregate proceeds to us of greater than 10,000,000 during the term of the Purchase Agreement,
excluding offering costs and other expenses, unless otherwise waived in writing by and at the discretion of the holder, we will direct
25 of such proceeds from such issuance to repay the Note. We
have advised the holder that the aggregate Private Placement Proceeds exceeds 10,000,000 and the holder does not seek to waive or require
payment of 25 of the proceeds as repayment of the Note. 

Legal
proceedings 

The
Company is not aware of any material outstanding claim and litigation against it. 

F- 22 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

We
did not have any disagreements on accounting and financial disclosures with our present accounting firm during the reporting period. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any
controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Based
on such evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of February 28, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, as discussed in
more detail below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not completely effective as of February 28, 2023. Management has continued
to monitor the implementation of the remediation plan described below. 

Management s
annual report on internal control over financial reporting 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting ICFR is designed under the supervision of our Chief
Executive Officer, acting in the capacity of principal executive officer, and our Chief Financial Officer, acting in the capacity of
principal financial officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The Company s ICFR includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s
assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP, and that the Company s receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
the Company s management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate ICFR for the Company. Our management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2023 in accordance with the framework
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(the COSO Framework ). As a quickly growing development-stage company with limited resources, management is in the
process of building the necessary infrastructure of controls, following the COSO Framework, to ensure that more stringent policies and
procedures will be in place in the near future. However, based on our current review, management concluded that, during the period covered
by this report, material weaknesses in ICFR as follows: 

We
 did not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
 over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which is applicable to us as a reporting company;
 and 

We
 have limited segregation of duties and oversight of work performed as well as lack of compensating controls in the Company s
 finance and accounting functions due to limited personnel. As a result, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible
 and may not be economically feasible. Furthermore, we cannot provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being
 made only in accordance with management and director authorization. However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions,
 the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. 

- 52 - 

 Table of Contents 

In
order to remediate the documented material weaknesses, management has implemented corporate governance policies and charters that will
further align the Company s governance procedures with the requirements noted in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including a Codes of Business
Conduct and Ethics, which reflects the overall corporate principles, policies and values that provides overall guidance for our control
procedures. 

Notwithstanding
the assessment that our ICFR was not effective as of February 28, 2023 and that there are material weaknesses as identified herein, we
believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows for the period covered thereby in all material respects. We are committed to continuing to improve our internal
control processes and we are undertaking measures to remediate the material weaknesses we have identified and generally strengthen our
internal control over financial reporting. We will also continue to further review, optimize, and enhance our financial reporting controls
and procedures. These material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remediated controls operate for a sufficient
period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial
reporting. The attestation report by our registered public accounting firm was not required pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit
us to provide only our management s report on internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes
in internal control over financial reporting 

Except
for the remediation procedures being implemented by the Company as described above, there have been no other changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth
fiscal quarter of our fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. As of May 22, 2023, the Company has determined that is is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in mainland China based on the fact that, as of such date, no such governmental entity had filed a Schedule 13D or 13G with respect to the Company s securities and there is no such foreign government representative on the Company s board of directors. For further information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China The
audit report included in this Annual Report is prepared by an auditor who is currently being inspected by the PCAOB. However, if PCAOB
inspection is not able to be completed or completed in a timely manner, we could be delisted if we are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection
requirements established by the HFCAA. 

- 53 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

All
FingerMotion directors hold office until the next annual general meeting of the shareholders unless his office is earlier vacated in
accordance with our Articles or he becomes disqualified to act as a director. FingerMotion officers are appointed by our board of directors
and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. 

FingerMotion
executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of the date of this report are as follows: 

Name
 and Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal
 Occupation and Positions Held During the Last Five Years 
 
 Martin
 J. Shen 
 CEO 
 
 52 
 
 CEO
 of FingerMotion, Inc. (Dec. 1, 2018 to present); Founder of Imperial Distributors (formerly AP Martin Pharmaceutical Supplies Ltd.)
 (July 1, 2014 to Dec. 1, 2018); and CFO and COO of Wales and Son Industrial (later named Weir Minerals) (July 2004 to June 2014). 

Yew
 Hon Lee 
 CFO 
 
 54 
 
 CFO
 of FingerMotion, Inc. (Dec. 11, 2020 to present); CFO of Cubinet Interactive Group of Companies (2006 to November 2020). 

Hsien
 Loong Wong 
 Director 
 
 48 
 
 Former
 CEO and CFO of FingerMotion, Inc. (April 2017 to Nov. 30, 2018); Real Estate and Logistics professional in Singapore (2008 to present);
 Director of property at Big Box Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Dec. 2012 to Sept. 2017). 

Yew
 Poh Leong 
 Director 
 
 68 
 
 Director
 of FingerMotion, Inc. (Dec. 1, 2018 to present); Group CEO at Radinace Hospitality Group (Jan. 2005 to Dec. 2014); and Director of
 Strategic Projects for Keppel T T (Jan. 2001 to Dec. 2002). 

Michael
 Chan 
 Director 
 
 59 
 
 Director
 of FingerMotion, Inc. (April 6, 2018 to present); Managing Director of Asia Pacific, Asset Servicing at Bank of New York Mellon (2007
 to 2016); Head of Business Development, Asia Pacific, State Street Bank Trust Co. (1994 to 2007). 

Eng
 Ho Ng 
 Director 
 
 69 
 
 Director
 of FingerMotion, Inc. (Dec. 11, 2020 to present); Non-Executive Chairman of ZWEEC Analytics Pte Ltd. (Feb 2020] to present); Director
 of TNG Fintech Group (Jan 2018 to present). 

Li
 Li 
 Legal Representative and General Manager of JiuGe Technology 
 
 43 
 
 Legal
 Representative and General Manager of JiuGe Technology (Jan. 2018 to present); Advisor to Shenzhen WuYiKa Technology Co., Ltd. (Jan.
 2017 to Dec. 2017); Vice President of Shanghai JiaPinMi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (July 2015 to Dec. 2016) 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of each director, executive officer and key employee during at
least the past five years, indicating each person s principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business
of the organization by which he or she was employed, and including other directorships held in reporting companies. 

Martin
J. Shen - Mr. Shen was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer on December 1, 2018. He has nearly 15 years
of experience in senior management roles in entrepreneurial startups as well as large multinational corporations. In those roles, he
acquired wide-ranging expertise in corporate management, financial oversight and operational administration. Most recently, Mr. Shen
founded Imperial Distributors (formerly AP Martin Pharmaceutical Supplies Ltd.) in 2014, establishing the company as the preferred choice
for providing distributional support to regional pharmacies throughout Western Canada. His leadership duties as founder and senior vice-president
included overseeing all aspects of operations, including managing legal and regulatory compliance issues. They covered ensuring compliance
with Health Canada requirements as well as all relevant federal, provincial and municipal legislation. He also led the finance department,
building a sound foundation for the accounting function and leveraging his extensive experience in public accounting to guide the acquisition
of two companies in Alberta. 

- 54 - 

 Table of Contents 

Prior
to Imperial, Mr. Shen served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at Wales and Son Industrial (later re-named Weir
Minerals) from 2004 to 2014. The firm specializes in the global delivery of, and support for, mining slurry equipment solutions including
pumps, hydrocyclones, rubber and wear resistant linings. Sectors served include mining and mineral processing, energy and general industry.
As COO and CFO of Wales and Son Industrial, Mr. Shen directed all financial and internal operational activities. This included financial
statement preparation and tax filings, banking arrangements, executive compensation and share purchase agreements. He was also responsible
for the analysis of monthly results and financial statements and reconciliations to Group head office. 

Mr.
Shen began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers in the tax department in Singapore and the audit and advisory group in Hong Kong. As
a Tax Manager, he consulted with tax departments of multinational corporations, including Raytheon and Exxon, to provide tax saving mechanisms
and future tax planning strategies. Mr. Shen also conducted tax conferences and seminars for current and potential clients to provide
overview of tax planning scenarios. He served at PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1994 to 2004. Mr. Shen also spent several years in PwC Vancouver,
auditing major Canadian companies and in the process building his expertise in financial management, compliance and financial statement
reporting. A US Certified Public Accountant, he holds a BSc from the University of British Columbia. 

Mr.
Shen devotes approximately 100 of his time to the Company. 

Yew
Hon Lee - Mr. Lee was appointed as the CFO of the Company on December 11, 2020. He was the CFO of Cubinet Interactive Group of Companies Cubinet from 2006 to November 2020. He was one of the pioneers that started an online game publishing company.
In his tenure, he was instrumental in leading Cubinet and building teams across the South East Asia region setting up all the financial
processes within a short span of time. In 2011, Mr. Lee took on the additional role as the COO, Middle East and Russia, establishing
new strategic partnerships. Prior to joining Cubinet, in 2001, Mr. Lee was employed by Trisilco IT Sdn Bhd as the Finance Manager overseeing
the entire spectrum of the Finance and HR functions. In 2005, Mr. Lee took on the role of General Manager managing the entire operations
of Trisilco from Finance, HR, Sales Operations. Trisilco is an IT company specializing in regulatory reporting and compliance for
the financial sector. Previously, Mr. Lee had a short tenure in Nadicorp Holdings Nadicorp as the internal auditor
setting up the departments from scratch. Nadicorp is one of the largest private Bumiputra conglomerates with 5 main business units in
Transportation, Manufacturing, Property Plantation, Defence and Other support services. In his tenure as the Internal Auditors
Manager, he set up the Audit Charter and the key internal audit processes and procedures. Mr. Lee received his diploma from the Tunku
Abdul Rahman College in 1996 and is a Chartered Accountant, a Member of Malaysia Institute of Accountants and an Associate Member of
the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, United Kingdom. 

Mr.
Lee devotes approximately 100 of his time to the Company. 

Hsien
Loong Wong - Mr. Wong was appointed a Board member, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer on April 14, 2017. On December
1, 2018, Mr. Wong resigned as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, but continued to serves as a Board member of the
Company. He started his career in investor relations in technology, biotechnology, mining and oil and gas. Since July 2015, Mr. Wong
has served as Associate Director of Propnex, Singapore s largest listed real estate agency From December 2012 until September 2017,
Mr. Wong also served as Senior Manager of Business Development as well as its director of property at Big Box Singapore Pte Ltd, a commercial
property valued at 600 million. He also has extensive experience in running public companies. In particular, he was CEO of Nexgen Petroleum
Corp, an oil and gas drilling company in Tennessee, USA from July 2007 to September 2009. He also currently serves as director to Food
Bank Singapore, a registered charity, where he has served since January 2015. Mr. Wong s previous experience and knowledge of the
Company provides good historical information regarding the Company, which helps management with decisions going forward. Mr. Wong received
his BA (Hons) in Communications from Simon Fraser University, British Columbia and his MSc in Real Estate from the National University
of Singapore. 

Mr.
Wong devotes approximately 15 of his time to the Company. 

Yew
Poh Leong - Mr. Leong has been a Board member since December 1, 2018. He has more than 30 years of management experience in growing
companies in the technology and hospitality sectors. In that time, Mr. Leong established an extensive network of business relationships
in the software, banking and telecommunications sectors throughout the Asia Pacific. In his current position as CEO of Vertical Connection
Pte Ltd. Vertical Connection ), a position he has held since 2002, Mr. Leong leads the company s consulting
and advisory services in helping other companies expand their businesses regionally through partnerships or acquisitions and implementing
core operational and information initiatives. Vertical Connection focuses on fintech, telecommunications services, hospitality and software.
Currently, Mr. Leong sits on the boards of several private companies. Since 2017, he has served on the board of directors of Fintrux
Pte Ltd., a P2P lending company, as chair and on the boards of each of Vemotion APAC and VM Technology, both software and hardware companies
that specialize in wireless video transmission over low bitrate networks. 

- 55 - 

 Table of Contents 

Mr.
Leong served as Group CEO of Radiance Hospitality Group Radiance from 2002 through 2016, where he led the expansion
of the company s hotel management services in Malaysia, Singapore, China, Indonesia, Cambodia and Russia. Before joining Radiance,
Mr. Leong served as Director of Strategic Projects for Keppel T T, a public company that provides transportation, telecommunications
and IT services, from 1999 to 2002. There, he was responsible for its e-businesses, which included establishing credit bureaus in Thailand
and Malaysia, establishing and operating data centers in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand and the Philippines, operating call centers in
Singapore and Malaysia, and providing application solutions for local governments, IT infrastructure, and transportation and education
organizations. 

Prior
to his service at Keppel T T, Mr. Leong was first a Regional Director and then Managing Director of Dun and Bradstreet Software Dun
and Bradstreet (later acquired by Geac Computers), from 1988 to 2001. In those roles, he led company growth from 15 to more
than 250 employees in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, the Philippines, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai. The firm
provided business solutions and managed services for 350 customers in the region. Prior to serving at Dun and Bradstreet, Mr. Leong was
a consultant with Computer Associates, a consultant at Price Waterhouse, a management consultant at Reliance Travel and an auditor at
Razak Co. Mr. Leong s extensive corporate experience allows him to provide valuable guidance to the Company and management
team as our Company progresses through its development stage. Mr. Leong received a Master Degree in Accounting and Finance from the University
of Auckland. 

Mr.
Leong devotes approximately 15 of his time to the Company. 

Michael
Chan - Mr. Chan has been a Board member since April 6, 2018. Mr. Chan has served at The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation as Managing
Director, Head of Asia Pacific for Asset Servicing since 2013. He is responsible for managing the bank s largest business line
in the region. Mr. Chan joined the bank in Singapore in 2007 as regional Chief Operating Officer and progressed to Head of Sales 
Relationship Management in 2010. He chaired the Asset Servicing Business Acceptance Committee and was a member of the KYC/AML regional
committee. Mr. Chan was a member of BNY Mellon s Global Corporate Operating Committee, Asia Pacific Executive Committee and the
Corporate Sovereign Institutions Council. He represented the firm on the board of directors of ASIFMA and BNY Mellon s Eagle Investment
Systems Asia Singapore entity. Mr. Chan has also served on the OMGEO APAC Advisory Board and has been a member of various industry
and banking associations in Hong Kong and Korea. Mr Chan is currently the president of Canadian Alumni Singapore, a not-for-profit society.
He is also a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors (SID). 

Prior
to BNY Mellon, Mr. Chan was with State Street Bank Trust Co., Canada beginning 1994. He was relocated to Hong Kong in 2000 for
the bank s launch of ETF products in Asia Pacific. Until 2007, he held senior positions including head of operation: regional deal
team for a key European acquisition, general manager for the South Korea bank branch and head of global relationship management in the
region. His career also includes service at Ernst Young (E Y), Canada. Mr. Chan s management and experience will provide
additional financial oversight for the Company and an advisory role over budgetary and projection analysis with management. Mr. Chan
is a member of CPA, CMA, Canada. He holds an EMBA from the Ivey School of Business, University of Western Ontario and a B. Com from McGill
University, Canada 

Mr.
Chan devotes approximately 15 of his time to the Company. 

Eng
Ho Ng - Mr. Ng was appointed as a Board member on December 11, 2020. Mr. Ng is currently the non-executive Chairman of ZWEEC Analytics
Pte Ltd. in Singapore and an independent Board director of TNG Fintech Group in Hong Kong. He previously served in top management positions
in several large business corporations in Singapore, including ST Technologies Telemedia Pte Ltd., a subsidiary of Temasek holdings,
as Executive Vice President (Operations), and ST Telemedia s Indonesian subsidiary, PT Indosat Tbk, as the Deputy President Director.
Mr. Ng was also Managing Director of Keppel Telecommunications Transportation Ltd. after serving in various positions at Keppel
T T and its subsidiaries. Prior to joining Keppel T T, Mr. Ng was a career officer in the Singapore Armed Forces. Mr. Ng has
served as a Director of Alvarion Ltd. and as an Independent Director of Mencast Holdings Ltd. Mr. Ng received his Bachelor of Science
(Telecomm System Engineering) Degree (Honours) from the Royal Military College of Science, UK in 1977. 

Mr.
Ng devotes approximately 15 of his time to the Company. 

- 56 - 

 Table of Contents 

Li
Li - Ms. Li Li is the Legal Representative and General Manager of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. Ms. Li Li graduated
from Nanjing Academy of Engineering. In 2004, she founded Shanghai ChuangYe Network Technology Co., Ltd. as the Vice President. Through
close cooperation with local operators, the company launched SMS and MMS services, WAP and mobile JAVA games, Hunan Satellite TV HTV 
e-magazine and other wireless Internet services to meet the rapid development of wireless internet content and extensive application
requirements. 

In
2007, Ms. Li Li served as Vice President of Hangzhou JiuYue Information Technology Co., Ltd. Through extensive and in-depth cooperation
with operators, the company is committed to the development of SP services such as IVR (Wireless Voice Value-Added Services), voice mail,
electronic data exchange, online data processing and transaction processing. 

In
2009, Ms. Li Li served as Vice President of Hangzhou LingXuan Information Technology Co., Ltd. With in-depth understanding of the mobile
Internet business, combined with years of experience in the operation of wireless value-added services, after an in-depth analysis of
the market situation, she proposed the idea of building a wireless value-added interactive services platform and creating an online and
offline O2O service model. 

Through
close cooperation with operators, the company provides an integrated operation platform that covers online services such as information,
music, video, and colored ring tones, as well as offline activities such as the Fans Club Meeting in campus, and thus realizes online
services for products. Underneath each other, the industry chain is seamlessly connected. 

In
2014, Ms. Li Li served as Vice President of Shanghai JiaPinMi Information Technology Co., Ltd. In 2014, WeChat opened the Wi-Fi interface,
indicating the big leap and undercurrent of commercial Wi-Fi. However, at the time, there was no domestic Wi-Fi platform that provided
blue-collar people with free Internet access, life style and added service to the community. At the beginning of her term of office,
Li Li seized the opportunity and proposed to establish a Hi-WiFi platform through cloud-based big data marketing with in-depth
cooperation with operators, providing blue-collar work force community with free access to the Internet, living, and services. It also
provides enterprises with one-stop enterprise-level services based on information-based services and multiple specialized platform services,
thus making Hi-WiFi the first domestic blue-collar work-force lifestyle platform to be developed. As a one-stop mobile
marketing service provider that provides advertisers with wireless marketing solutions to achieve accurate marketing goals. Currently,
any service of the platform can reach 100 million direct blue-collar user groups with nearly 300 million download speeds of up to 700
KB per second. Users no longer have to worry about data traffic usage restrictions. 

In
2017, Ms. Li Li served as an Advisor to Shenzhen WuYiKa Technology Co., Ltd. WuYiKa is a comprehensive service platform based on carrier
traffic and dedicated to digital online service distribution and payment. It has now become a fast and efficient provider of new media
marketing solutions for mobile Internet. 

Ms.
Li Li devotes approximately 100 of her time to JiuGe Technology. 

Significant
Employees 

Other
than Mr. Shen, FingerMotion does not have any employees. FingerMotion s subsidiaries and controlled companies have the following
number of employees: 

Name
 of Entity 
 Place
 of 
 Incorporation/Formation 
 Employees 
 
 Finger
 Motion Company Limited 
 Hong
 Kong 
 4 
 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Limited 
 Hong
 Kong 
 0 
 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Company Limited 
 Hong
 Kong 
 5 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 2 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 36 
 
 Beijing
 XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 4 
 
 Shanghai
 TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. 
 PRC 
 7 

Family
Relationships 

There
are currently no family relationships between any of the members of the board of directors or the executive officers. 

- 57 - 

 Table of Contents 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as disclosed in this Annual Report, during the past ten years none of the following events have occurred with respect to any of our directors
or executive officers : 

1. 
 A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
 at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. 
 Such
 person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
 and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

a. 
 Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

b. 
 Engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

c. 
 Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. 
 Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
 authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
 in paragraph (3)(i) above, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
 securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

6. 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not
 been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

a. 
 Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

b. 
 Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

c. 
 Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
 Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or
 persons associated with a member. 

There
are currently no legal proceedings to which any of our directors or officers is a party adverse to us or in which any of our directors
or officers has a material interest adverse to us. 

- 58 - 

 Table of Contents 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers, and the persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock,
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to us pursuant
to Rule 16a-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Based solely on the reports received by us and on the representations of the reporting
persons, we believe that these persons have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended February 28,
2023. 

Director
Independence 

We
evaluate the independence of our directors in accordance with the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC NASDAQ and the regulations promulgated by the SEC. NASDAQ s rules require that a majority of the members of a company s board of
directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the board of directors. After review of all relevant
transactions and relationships between each director, or any of his family members, and us, our senior management and our independent
registered public accounting firm, our board of directors has determined that the following directors, which comprise all of the members
of our board of directors, are independent directors within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing standards: Hsien Loong Wong, Yew Poh Leong,
Michael Chan and Eng Ho Ng. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors currently has three committees, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance.
The Audit Committee is governed by a charter approved by our Board of Directors, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021. 

Audit
Committee 

On
December 15, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new Audit Committee Charter that complies with the requirements of Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5605(c)(1), and has established an Audit Committee, which operates under its Audit Committee Charter. The Company s Audit
Committee consists of Yew Poh Leong, Michael Chan and Eng Ho Ng. Each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the independence 
requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market and meet the independence standards under Rule 10A-3
under the Exchange Act. Our Audit Committee financial expert is Michael Chan who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
within the meaning of the SEC Rule 10A-3 and possesses financial sophistication within the meaning of the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq
Stock Market. The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the financial statements
of the Company. The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

ensuring,
 through discussion with management and the external auditors, that the Company s annual and quarterly financial statements
 (individually and collectively, the Financial Statements ), as applicable, present fairly in all material respects
 the financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of and for the periods presented; 

reviewing
 and recommending for approval to the Board, the Company s financial statements, accounting policies that affect the financial
 statements, annual MD A and associated press release(s); 

reviewing
 significant issues affecting financial reports; 

monitoring
 the objectivity and credibility of the Company s financial reports; 

- 59 - 

 Table of Contents 

considering
 the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting and related information technology security and
 control; 

reviewing
 with auditors any issues or concerns related to any internal control systems in the process of the audit; 

reviewing
 with management, external auditors and legal counsel any material litigation claims or other contingencies, including tax assessments,
 and adequacy of financial provisions, that could materially affect financial reporting; 

overseeing
 the work of the external auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an auditor s report or performing such other
 audit, review or attest services for the Company, including the resolution of disagreements between management and the external auditor
 regarding financial reporting; and 

taking
 such other actions within the general scope of its responsibilities as the Audit Committee shall deem appropriate or as directed
 by the Board of Directors. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

On
December 15, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter that complies with the
requirements of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(e)(2), and has established a corporate governance committee (the N CG Committee which operates under its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter. The N CG Committee is currently comprised of Yew
Poh Leong, Michael Chan and Eng Ho Ng. The N CG Committee is responsible for (i) identifying and recommending to the Board, individuals
qualified to be nominated for election to the Board; (ii) recommending to the Board, the members and chairperson for each Board committee;
and (iii) periodically reviewing and assessing the Company s corporate governance principles contained in the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee Charter and making recommendations for changes thereto to the Board. The N CG Committee is governed by a charter
approved by our Board of Directors, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
December 21, 2021. 

The
N CG Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

leading
 the Company s search for individuals qualified to become members of the Board; 

evaluating
 and recommending to the Board for nomination candidates for election or re-election as directors; 

establishing
 and overseeing appropriate director orientation and continuing education programs; 

making
 recommendations to the Board regarding an appropriate organization and structure for the Board of Directors; 

evaluating
 the size, composition, membership qualifications, scope of authority, responsibilities, reporting obligations and charters of each
 committee of the Board; 

periodically
 reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the Company s corporate governance principles as contained in the Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee Charter and, should it deem it appropriate, it may develop and recommend to the Board of Directors for adoption
 of additional corporate governance principles; 

periodically
 reviewing the Company s Articles in light of existing corporate governance trends, and shall recommend any proposed changes
 for adoption by the Board of Directors or submission by the Board of Directors to the Company s shareholders; 

making
 recommendations on the structure and logistics of Board of Directors meetings and may recommend matters for consideration
 by the Board of Directors; 

considering,
 adopting and overseeing all processes for evaluating the performance of the Board of Directors, each committee and individual directors;
 and 

annually
 reviewing and assessing its own performance. 

- 60 - 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation
Committee 

On
December 15, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a new Compensation Committee Charter which complies with the requirements of Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5605(d)(1) and the Board of Directors has established a Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee ).
The Compensation Committee is comprised of Yew Poh Leong, Michael Chan and Eng Ho Ng. The Compensation Committee is governed by a charter
approved by our Board of Directors, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
December 21, 2021. 

The
Compensation Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to officer and director compensation,
succession planning for senior management, development and retention of senior management and such other duties as directed by the Board. 

Each
of the Compensation Committee members satisfies the independence requirements of Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Listing Rules of
Nasdaq. The Compensation Committee will be responsible for, among other things: 

reviewing
 and approving the Company s compensation guidelines and structure; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to the CEO of the Company; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for the Company s other officers, including
 salary, bonus, incentive and equity compensation; 

reviewing
 the Company s incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes in such plans to the Board as needed. 

periodically
 making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of non-management directors, including Board and committee retainers,
 meeting fees, equity-based compensation and such other forms of compensation and benefits as the Committee may consider appropriate;
 and 

overseeing
 the appointment and removal of executive officers, and reviewing and approving for executive officers, including the CEO, any employment,
 severance or change in control agreements. 

- 61 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Our
named executive officers for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 Fiscal 2023 consist of (i) Martin J. Shen,
our current Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Yew Hon Lee, our current Chief Financial Officer and (iii) Li Li, the Legal Representative
and General Manager of our contractual controlled company, JiuGe Technology. Our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended February
28, 2022 Fiscal 2022 consist of (i) Martin J. Shen, our current Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Yew Hon Lee, our
current Chief Financial Officer and (iii) Li Li. the Legal Representative and General Manager of our contractual controlled company,
JiuGe Technology. We have no other executive officers. The following Summary Compensation Table sets forth the compensation earned by
or paid to our named executive officers for Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 are as follows: 

Name
 and 
 Principal 
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 awards 
 ) (3) 
 Non-equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 compensation 
 ) 
 Non- 
 qualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 ) 
 All
 other 
 compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Martin
 J. Shen (1) 
 
 CEO 
 2023 
 
 2022 
 
 180,000 
 
 180,000 

17,480 
 
 22,540 

197,480 
 
 202,540 

Yew
 Hon Lee (2) 
 
 CFO 
 2023 
 
 2022 
 
 84,000 
 
 72,000 

16,796 
 
 21,658 

100,796 
 
 93,568 

Li
 Li 
 
 Legal
 Representative and General Manager of JiuGe Technology 
 2023 
 
 2022 
 
 133,745 
 
 130,586 

31,920 
 
 41,160 

165,665 
 
 171,746 

Notes: 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Shen was appointed as our CEO and CFO on December 1, 2018. Mr Shen resigned as our CFO effective December 10, 2020. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Lee Yew Hon was appointed as our CFO on December 11, 2020. 

(3) 
 
 For
 Fiscal 2022, these amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options which was estimated using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model. The following assumptions were used to value the stock options granted on December 28, 2021: exercise price:
 8.00; expected risk free interest rate: 1.06 ; expected annual volatility: 15.27 ; expected life in years: 5.0; expected annual
 dividend yield: Nil; and Black-Scholes value: 85,358. 
 
 For
 Fiscal 2023, these amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options which was estimated using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model. The following assumptions were used to value the stock options granted on December 28, 2021: exercise price:
 3.84; expected risk free interest rate: 1.06 ; expected annual volatility: 15.27 ; expected life in years: 5.0; expected annual
 dividend yield: Nil; and Black-Scholes value: 66,196. At our annual meeting of stockholders
 held on February 17, 2023, the stockholders approved an amendment to the exercise price of the outstanding stock options from 8.00
 to 3.84. 

During
our most recently completed financial years, we did not pay any other executive compensation to our named executive officers. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

As
of February 28, 2023, we did not have any employment agreements with any of our named executive officers. 

- 62 - 

 Table of Contents 

Outstanding
Equity Awards Held by Named Executive Officers at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table sets forth information as at February 28, 2023, relating to equity awards that have been granted to the Named Executive
Officers: 

Name 
 Option
 awards 
 Stock
 awards 
 
 Number
 of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options 
 (#) 
 exercisable 
 Number
 of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options 
 (#) 
 unexercisable 
 Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 unearned 
 options 
 (#) 
 Option 
 exercise 
 price 
 ) 
 Option 
 expiration 
 date 
 Number 
 
 of
 shares 
 or units 
 of stock 
 that have 
 not 
 vested 
 (#) 
 
 Market 
 value of 
 shares of 
 units of 
 stock 
 that have 
 not 
 vested 
 ) 
 Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units or 
 other 
 rights that 
 have not 
 vested 
 (#) 
 Equity 
 incentive 
 plan 
 awards: 
 Market or 
 payout 
 value of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units or 
 other 
 rights that 
 have not 
 vested 
 ) 
 
 Martin
 J. Shen 
 92,000 
 138,000 
 N/A 
 3.84 
 Dec.
 28, 2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Yew
 Hon Lee 
 88,400 
 132,600 
 N/A 
 3.84 
 Dec.
 28, 2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Li
 Li 
 168,000 
 252,000 
 N/A 
 3.84 
 Dec.
 28, 2026 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Pension
Plan Benefits 

We
have no pension plans that provide for payments or benefits at, following or in connection with retirement. 

- 63 - 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation
Policies and Practices and Risk Management 

One
of the responsibilities of our Compensation Committee and our Board, in its role in setting executive compensation and overseeing our
various compensation programs, is to ensure that our compensation programs are structured so as to discourage inappropriate risk-taking.
We believe that our existing compensation practices and policies for all employees, including executive officers, mitigate against this
risk by, among other things, providing a meaningful portion of total compensation in the form of equity incentives. These equity incentives
have historically been in the form of stock grants to promote long-term rather than short-term financial performance and to encourage
employees to focus on sustained stock price appreciation. The Compensation Committee is responsible for monitoring our existing compensation
practices and policies and investigating applicable enhancements to align our existing practices and policies with avoidance or elimination
of risk and the enhancement of long-term stockholder value. 

Director
Compensation 

Each
of our directors receives regular cash compensation of 2,000 per month, for serving on the Board. 

The
following table set forth information relating to the compensation paid to our non-executive directors for Fiscal 2023: 

Name 
 Fees
 earned 
 or paid in 
 cash 
 ) 
 Stock
 awards 
 ) 
 Option 
 awards 
 ) (1) 
 Non-equity 
 incentive plan 
 compensation 
 ) 
 Nonqualified 
 deferred 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 ) 
 All
 other 
 compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Yew
Poh Leong 
 24,000 
 
 5,966 

29,966 
 
 Michael
 Chan 
 24,000 
 
 5,966 

29,966 
 
 Hsien
 Loong Wong 
 24,000 
 
 5,966 

29,966 
 
 Eng
Ho Ng 
 24,000 
 
 4,788 

28,788 

Notes: 

(1) 
 These
 amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options which was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. The following assumptions were used to value the stock options granted on December 28, 2021: exercise price: 8.00; expected
 risk free interest rate: 1.06 ; expected annual volatility: 15.27 ; expected life in years: 5.0; expected annual dividend yield:
 Nil; and Black-Scholes value: 29,253. 
 
 These
 amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options which was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. The following assumptions were used to value the stock options granted on December 28, 2021: exercise price: 3.84; expected
 risk free interest rate: 1.06 ; expected annual volatility: 15.27 ; expected life in years: 5.0; expected annual dividend yield:
 Nil; and Black-Scholes value: 22,686. 

As
at February 28, 2023, our directors held stock options to acquire an aggregate of 298,500 shares of our common stock as follows: Yew
Poh Leong 78,500 stock options; Michael Chan 78,500 stock options; Hsien Loong Wong 78,500 stock options; and
Eng Ho Ng 63,000 stock options. 

- 64 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of May 22, 2023
by (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) each of our officers
and directors, and (iii) our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, it is our understanding and belief that the
shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 

Percentage
 of 
 Beneficial 
 Ownership 

Directors
 and Officers: 

Martin
 J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

797,000 (2) 

1.5 

Yew
 Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

538,400 (3) 

1.0 

Yew
 Poh Leong, Director 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

281,400 (4) 

Michael
 Chan, Director 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

281,400 (5) 

Hsien
 Loong Wong, Director 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

401,400 (6) 

Eng
 Ho Ng, Director 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

25,200 (7) 

Li
 Li, Legal Representative and General Manager of JiuGe Technology 
 c/o 111 Somerset Road, Level 3, Singapore, 238164 

2,368,000 (8) 

4.5 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group 
 (7 persons) 

4,692,800 (9) 

8.9 

Major
 Stockholders: 

Choe
 Yang Yeat 
 6-11-1 V Square PJ City Centre 
 Jalan Utara PJ 
 Selangor 46200 
 Malaysia 

7,238,400 (10) 

13.9 

Cheong
 Chee Ming 
 Unit A 19/F Times Media Centre 
 133 Wan Chai Road 
 Wan Chai 
 Hong Kong 

3,970,000 

7.6 

Liew
 Yow Ming 
 190 Depot Road, #18-19 
 The Interlace Condominium 
 Singapore 109689 

3,220,200 (11) 

6.2 

- 65 - 

 Table of Contents 

Notes : 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) 
 Under
 Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
 arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct
 the voting of such security; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security.
 Certain shares of common stock may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the
 power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares of common stock are deemed to be beneficially owned by
 a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as
 of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares of common stock outstanding
 is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition
 rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of common stock of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily
 reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding
 as of the date of this Proxy Statement. As of May 22, 2023, there were 51,988,030 shares of common stock of the Company issued and
 outstanding. 

(2) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 705,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 92,000 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(3) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 450,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 88,400 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(4) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 250,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 31,400 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(5) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 250,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 31,400 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(6) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 370,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 31,400 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(7) 
 This
 figure represents stock options to purchase 25,200 shares of our common stock, which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the
 date hereof. 

(8) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 2,200,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 168,000 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(9) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 4,225,000 shares of common stock, and (ii) stock options to purchase 467,800 shares of our common stock, which
 have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(10) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 7,200,000 shares of common stock held by Ever Sino International Limited over which Mr. Choe Yang Yeat has
 sole voting and dispositive power, and (ii) stock options held directly by Mr. Choe to purchase 38,400 shares of our common stock,
 which have vested or will vest within 60 days of the date hereof. 

(11) 
 This
 figure represents (i) 3,220,200 shares of common stock. 

Changes
in Control 

We
are unaware of any contract, or other arrangement or provision, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of
control of our Company. 

- 66 - 

 Table of Contents 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be 
 issued upon exercise of 
 outstanding options, warrants, 
 rights 
 Weighted-average
 exercise 
 price of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities 
 remaining available for future 
 issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,571,000 
 3.84 (1) 
 5,429,000 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 3,571,000 
 
 5,429,000 

Note: 

(1) At
 the annual meeting of stockholders held on February 17, 2023, the stockholders approved the
 amendment to the exercise price of outstanding stock options from 8.00 to 3.84. 

Effective
September 27, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the adoption by the Company of the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 2021 Stock Incentive Plan ), pursuant to which an aggregate of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock may be issued
pursuant to awards that may be granted under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. The 2021 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our stockholders
at our annual meeting of stockholders held on November 22, 2021. 

On
December 12, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the adoption of the Company s 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (the
 2023 Stock Incentive Plan ), under which an aggregate of 9,000,000 of our shares of common stock may be issued which
consists of: (i) 3,571,000 shares issuable pursuant to awards previously granted that were outstanding under the 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan as of December 12, 2022; (ii) 3,429,000 shares remaining available for issuance under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan as of December
12, 2022; and (iii) 2,000,000 additional shares that may be issued pursuant to awards that may be granted under the 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan. The 2023 Stock Incentive Plan supersedes and replaces the Company s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, which was approved by our
stockholders at the annual meeting of stockholders held on February 17, 2023. The terms of the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan are the same
as the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan other than the increase in the aggregate number of shares reserved for awards under the 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan. 

The
2023 Stock Incentive Plan is administered by our Board of Directors, or the Compensation Committee, or any other committee appointed
by the Board of Directors to administer the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, and the Board of Directors shall determine, among other things:
(i) the persons to be granted awards under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan; (ii) the number of shares or amount of other awards to be granted;
and (iii) the terms and conditions of the awards granted. The Company may issue restricted shares, stock options, restricted stock units,
stock appreciation rights, deferred stock rights and dividend equivalent rights, among others, under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. As
indicated above, an aggregate of 9,000,000 of our shares may be issued pursuant to the grant of awards under the 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan. 

An
award may not be exercised after the termination date of the award and may be exercised following the termination of an eligible participant s
continuous service only to the extent provided by the administrator under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. If the administrator under the
2023 Stock Incentive Plan permits a participant to exercise an award following the termination of continuous service for a specified
period, the award terminates to the extent not exercised on the last day of the specified period or the last day of the original term
of the award, whichever occurs first. In the event an eligible participant s service has been terminated for cause ,
he or she shall immediately forfeit all rights to any of the awards outstanding. 

- 67 - 

 Table of Contents 

T he
2023 Stock Incentive Plan includes the following best practice provisions to reinforce the alignment between stockholders interests
and equity compensation arrangements. These provisions include, but are not limited to: 

No
 discounted awards : the exercise price of an award must not be lower than 100 of the fair market value of the shares on the stock
 exchange or system on which the shares are traded or quoted at the time the award is granted; 

No
 buyout without shareholder approval : outstanding options or non-qualified stock options SARs may not be
 bought out or surrendered in exchange for cash unless shareholder approval is received; 

No
 repricing without shareholder approval : the Company may not, without shareholder approval,
 reprice an award by reducing the exercise price of a stock option or exchanging a stock option for cash, other awards or a new stock
 option with a reduced exercise price; 

Minimum
 vesting requirements for full-value awards : except in the case of an award granted in substitution and cancellation
 of an award granted by an acquired organization and shares delivered in lieu of fully vested cash awards, any equity-based awards
 granted under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan will have a vesting period of not less than one year from the date of grant; provided,
 however, that this minimum vesting restriction will not be applicable to equity-based awards not in excess of 5 of the number of
 shares available for grant under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan. For avoidance of doubt, the foregoing restrictions do not apply to
 the Board s discretion to provide for accelerated exercisability or vesting of any award in case of death or disability. The
 treatment of awards in connection with a change of control are described below; 

No
 accelerated vesting of outstanding unvested awards and double-trigger change of control requirements : no acceleration of any
 unvested awards shall occur except in the case of the death or disability of the grantee or upon a change of control. In this respect
 the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan requires a double-trigger both a change of control and a qualifying termination
 of continuing services to accelerate the vesting of awards. In connection with a change in control, time-based awards shall
 only be accelerated if the awards are not assumed or converted following the change in control and performance based awards shall
 only be accelerated: (i) to the extent of actual achievement of the performance conditions; or (ii) on a prorated basis for time
 elapsed in ongoing performance period(s) based on target or actual level achievement. In connection with vesting of outstanding awards
 following a qualifying termination after a change in control (i.e., double-trigger vesting), the same conditions set forth in the
 preceding sentence will apply; 

No
 dividends for unvested awards : holders of any awards which have not yet vested are not entitled to receive dividends, however,
 dividends may be accrued and paid upon the vesting of such awards; 

No
 liberal share recycling : shares issued under the 2023
 Stock Incentive Plan pursuant to an award, or shares retained by or delivered to the Company
 to pay either the exercise price of an outstanding stock option or the withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of incentive
 stock awards or SARs, and shares purchased by the Company in the open market using the proceeds of option exercises, do not become
 available for issuance as future awards under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan ; 

Transferability : the
 awards granted under the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan generally may not be sold,
 transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, other than by will, by the laws of descent and distribution; 

No
 automatic grants : the 2023 Stock Incentive
 Plan does not provide for automatic grants to any eligible participant; and 

No
 evergreen provision : the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan does not provide for an evergreen feature pursuant to which
 the shares authorized for issuance under the 2023
 Stock Incentive Plan can be automatically replenished. 

The
foregoing summary of the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 2023 Stock Incentive
Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 that we filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023. 

- 68 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Party Transactions 

Except
as described herein, none of the following parties (each a Related Party has had any material interest, direct
or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: 

any
 of our directors or officers; 

any
 person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; 

any
 person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to our outstanding
 shares of common stock; or 

any
 member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in- laws) of any of the above persons. 

On
May 1, 2022, we received US 730,000 from Dr. Liew Yow Ming in exchange for issuing to Dr. Liew a convertible promissory note whereby
we promised to pay Dr. Liew, or his successors or assigns, the principal amount on or prior to the one year anniversary of the convertible
note and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount at the rate of 20 per annum. The interest shall be paid at the end of every
month and on a monthly basis thereafter. Any amount of principal or interest on the convertible note which is not paid when due shall
bear interest from the date due until such past due amount is paid at a rate of interest equal to the applicable rate of 20 plus four
percent (4 per annum. At any time up to the maturity date, the holder may convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount
and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of our common stock at a price of 4.00 per share. On April 28, 2023, we
repaid in full the US 730,000 convertible note that was issued in favor of Dr. Liew Yow Ming. 

Our
Board reviews any proposed transaction involving Related Parties and considers whether such transactions are fair and reasonable and
in the Company s best interest 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees
and Services 

The
following is an aggregate of fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by our current principal
accountants: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 78,000 
 68,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 21,000 
 21,000 
 
 Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total fees paid or accrued to our principal accountants 
 99,000 
 89,000 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees are the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the audit of our annual financial
statements, the review of the financial statements included in each of our quarterly reports and services provided in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit
Related Fees 

Audit
related fees are the aggregate fees billed by our independent auditors for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not described in the preceding category. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees are billed by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

All
other fees include fees billed by our independent auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately preceding
three categories. 

Pre-Approval
of Services by the Independent Auditor 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for the pre-approval of audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the Company s
independent auditor. The Audit Committee will, on an annual basis, consider and, if appropriate, approve the provision of audit and non-audit
services by the Company s independent auditor. Thereafter, the Audit Committee will, as necessary, consider and, if appropriate,
approve the provision of additional audit and non-audit services by the Company s independent auditor which are not encompassed
by the Audit Committee s annual pre-approval and are not prohibited by law. The Audit Committee has the authority to pre-approve,
on a case-by-case basis, non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent auditor. The Audit Committee has approved
all audit and permitted non-audit services performed by its independent auditor for Fiscal 2023. 

- 69 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document 
 
 2.1 (4) 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement among FingerMotion, Inc., Finger Motion Company Limited and the Shareholders of Finger Motion Company Limited,
 dated July 13, 2017 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock dated May 15, 2017 
 
 3.3 (3) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation dated June 21, 2017 
 
 3.4 (7) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 4.1 ) 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities 
 
 10.1 (2) 
 
 Software
 License Agreement between Finger Motion Company Limited and Property Management Corporation or America dated April 28, 2017 
 
 10.2 (5) 
 
 Exclusive
 Consulting Agreement between Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. dated
 October 16, 2018 
 
 10.3 (5) 
 
 Loan
 Agreement between Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. dated October
 16, 2018 
 
 10.4 (5) 
 
 Power
 of Attorney Agreement between Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. dated
 October 16, 2018 
 
 10.5 (5) 
 
 Exclusive
 Call Option Agreement between Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. dated
 October 16, 2018 
 
 10.6 (12) 
 
 Share
 Pledge Agreement between Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. and Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. dated October
 16, 2018 
 
 10.7 (6) 
 
 English
 Translation of Yunnan Unicom Electronic Sales Platform Construction and Operation Cooperation Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2019,
 between Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. and China United Network Communications Limited Yunnan Branch 
 
 10.8 (10) 
 
 2021
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.9 (9) 
 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note in the amount of US 730,000 issued by FingerMotion, Inc. in favor of Dr. Liew Yow Ming, dated May 1, 2022 
 
 10.10 (11) 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between FingerMotion, Inc. and Lind Global Fund II LP, dated August 9, 2022 
 
 10.11 (11) 
 
 Senior
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 9, 2022, issued by FingerMotion, Inc. to Lind Global Fund II LP ) 
 
 10.12 (11) 
 
 Security
 Agreement between FingerMotion, Inc. and Lind Global Fund II LP, dated August 9, 2022 
 
 10.13 (11) 
 
 Guaranty,
 dated August 9, 2022, made by each of Finger Motion Company Limited, Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited, Finger Motion (CN) Limited,
 Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd., Finger Motion Financial Group Limited and Finger Motion Financial Company Limited,
 in favor of Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 10.14 (13) 
 
 2023
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 14.1 (8) 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 21.1 ) 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of FingerMotion, Inc. 
 
 23.1 ) 
 
 Consent
 of Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 
 31.1 ) 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 ) 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications
 pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS ) 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH ) 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL ) 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF ) 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB ) 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE ) 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 ) 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 attachments) 

- 70 - 

 Table of Contents 

Notes: 

) 
 Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

) 
 Portions
 of this exhibit have been omitted 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on May 8, 2014 (No. 333-196503) 

(2) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2017 

(3) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2017 

(4) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2017 

(5) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2018 

(6) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 9, 2019 

(7) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2021 

(8) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2021 

(9) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022 

(10) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2022 

(11) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022 

(12) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on January 5, 2023 (No. 333-267332) 

(13) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023 (No. 333-270094) 

ITEM
16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

- 71 - 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FINGERMOTION,
 INC. 

Dated: May
 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Martin J. Shen 

Martin
 J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Martin J. Shen 

Martin
 J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Yew Hon Lee 

Yew Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Yew Poh Leong 

Yew
 Poh Leong, Director 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Michael Chan 

Michael
 Chan, Director 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Hsien Loong Wong 

Hsien
 Loong Wong, Director 

Dated:
 May 30, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Eng Ho Ng 

Eng
 Ho Ng, Director 

- 72 - 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 fngr-20230228_10kex4z1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part, FingerMotion, Inc. (the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, being the Company s
shares of common stock (the Common Shares ). 

Description
of Common Shares 

The
following description of our Common Shares is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety
by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and our Bylaws, as amended, each of which are incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. 

Authorized
Capital Shares 

We
are authorized to issue 200,000,000 Common Shares, having a par value of 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
having a par value of 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Shares ). 

As
of February 28, 2023, we had 49,432,214 Common Shares and no Preferred Shares issued and outstanding. 

As
of May 25, 2023, we had 51,988,030 Common Shares and no Preferred Shares issued and outstanding. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
outstanding Common Share is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. There are no cumulative voting rights. 

Dividend
and Liquidation Rights 

Subject
to the preferential rights of the Preferred Shares, the holders of Common Shares shall be entitled to receive, when and if declared by
the Board of Directors, out of the assets of the Company which are by law available therefor, dividends payable either in cash, in property,
or in Common Shares. Holders of Common Shares will share equally on a per share basis in any dividend declared by the Board of Directors.
We have not paid any dividends on our Common Shares and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on such stock in the foreseeable
future. 

In
the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding-up of the affairs of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the
debts and other liabilities of the Company, and of the amounts to which the holder of all Preferred Shares shall be entitled, the holders
of all outstanding Common Shares will be entitled to share ratably in the remaining net assets of the Company. 

Other
Rights and Preferences 

Our
Common Shares are not convertible or redeemable and have no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. 

Listing 

The
trading market for the Common Shares is the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol FNGR. 

Warrants 

As
of February 28, 2023, we had 2,287,480 common stock purchase warrants Warrants issued and outstanding ranging in exercise
prices from 1.75 to 8.22 and having expiry dates of April 19, 2023 to August 9, 2027. 

As
of May 25, 2023, we had 2,078,480 Warrants issued and outstanding ranging in exercise prices from 1.75 to 8.22 and having expiry dates
of July 13, 2023 to August 9, 2027. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 fngr-20230228_10kex21z1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF FINGERMOTION, INC. 

The
following is a list of all the subsidiaries of the Company and the corresponding jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of each.
All subsidiaries of the Company are directly or indirectly owned or contractually controlled by the Company. 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 Place
 of 
 Incorporation/Formation 
 Ownership
 Interest 
 
 Finger
 Motion Company Limited (1) 
 Hong
 Kong 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Global Limited (2) 
 Samoa 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion (CN) Limited (3) 
 Hong
 Kong 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. (4) 
 PRC 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. (5) 
 PRC 
 Contractually
 controlled (5) 
 
 Beijing
 XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. (6) 
 PRC 
 Contractually
 controlled 
 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Group Limited (7) 
 Samoa 
 100 
 
 Finger
 Motion Financial Company Limited (8) 
 Hong
 Kong 
 100 
 
 Shanghai
 TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. (9) 
 PRC 
 Contractually
 controlled (9) 

Notes: 

(1) Finger
 Motion Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(2) Finger
 Motion (CN) Global Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(3) Finger
 Motion (CN) Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Global Limited. 

(4) Shanghai
 JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion (CN) Limited. 

(5) Shanghai
 JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. is a variable interest entity that is contractually
 controlled by Shanghai JiuGe Business Management Co., Ltd. 

(6) Beijing
 XunLian TianXia Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary of Shanghai JiuGe Information
 Technology Co., Ltd. 

(7) Finger
 Motion Financial Group Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of FingerMotion, Inc. 

(8) Finger
 Motion Financial Company Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Finger Motion Financial
 Group Limited. 

(9) Shanghai
 TengLian JiuJiu Information Communication Technology Co., Ltd. is a 99 owned subsidiary
 of Shanghai JiuGe Information Technology Co., Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 fngr-20230228_10kex23z1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-270094) of FingerMotion, Inc. of
our report dated May 30, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/
Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
Certified Public Accountants 

Hong
Kong 
May 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fngr-20230228_10kex31z1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Martini J. Shen, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of FingerMotion, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
May 30, 2023 

/s/
 Martin J. Shen 
 
 Martin
J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fngr-20230228_10kex31z2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Yew Hon Lee, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of FingerMotion, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
 occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
 to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
May 30, 2023 

/s/
 Yew Hon Lee 
 
 Yew
Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fngr-20230228_10kex32z1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Martin J. Shen, the Chief Executive Officer of FingerMotion, Inc. (the Company ), and Yew Hon Lee, the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his or her knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023, fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information
contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
May 30, 2023 

/s/
 Martin J. Shen 

Martin
J. Shen, Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Yew Hon Lee 

Yew
Hon Lee, Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 fngr-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 fngr-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 fngr-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 fngr-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

