<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1346655_0001017386-23-000162.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2157381</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82248</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>500052</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>503299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>423097</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>585701</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-23-000162.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417161900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-23-000162
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346655
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				870733770
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51770
		FILM NUMBER:		23824192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 NORTH LINCOLN PARK WEST 8N
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(773) 698-6047

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2130 NORTH LINCOLN PARK WEST 8N
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CMG HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pebble Beach Enterprises
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-23-000162.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 cmgo_2022dec31-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number including area code 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: None. 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: Common Stock, no par value 

Indicate by check mark if registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

 1 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer or a small. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

The Aggregate market value of the Company s
common shares issued and outstanding as of February 10, 2023, was 1,491,485. The Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal year 2022, was
 . 

Large accelerated filer 
 [ ] 
 Accelerated filer 
 [ ] 

[X] 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

As of February 13, 2023, there were shares
of Common Stock, no par value, outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference. None 

1 

CMGO HOLDINGS GROUP, INC.
 FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item # 

Description 
 
 Page Numbers 

PART I 

4 
 
 ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 

4 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 

6 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

6 
 
 ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 

6 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

6 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

6 

PART II 

7 
 
 ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

7 
 
 ITEM 6 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

8 
 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

8 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

F-1 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

11 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

11 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

12 

PART III 

12 
 
 ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

12 
 
 ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

14 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

14 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

15 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

15 

PART IV 

20 
 
 ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

20 

SIGNATURES 

22 

EXHIBIT 31 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

EXHIBIT 32 
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

3 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual
report on Form 10K contains forward looking statements which include, but are not limited to, statements concerning expectations as to
our revenues, expenses, and net income, our growth strategies and plans, the timely development and market acceptance of our products
and technologies, the competitive nature of and anticipated growth in our markets, our ability to achieve cost reductions, the status
of evolving technologies and their growth potential, the adoption of future industry standards, expectations as to our financing and liquidity
requirements and arrangements, the need for additional capital, and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward looking
statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about our industry, management s beliefs, and certain
assumptions made by it. Words such as anticipates , appears , expects , intends ,
 plans , believes, seeks , estimates , may , will and variations
of these words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations,
projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward looking statements.
These statements, which are included in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from those results expressed in any forward looking statements, as a result
of various factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements, which are based only upon information
available as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward looking statements for any
reason. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms Company , Corporate , CMGO , our ,
and we refer to CMG Holdings Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Some of the statements contained
in this registration statement on Form 10K of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (hereinafter the Company , we or the
 Company discuss future expectations, contain projections of our plan of operation or financial condition or state other
forward- looking information. In this registration statement, forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words such as
 anticipate , plan , believe , expect , estimate , and the like. Forward-looking
statements involve future risks and uncertainties, there are factors that could cause actual results or plans to differ materially from
 those expressed or implied. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties,
and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. The forward-looking
information is based on various factors and is derived using numerous assumptions. A reader,
whether investing in the Company s securities or not, should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
apply only as of the date of this Registration Statement. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ from projections include,
for example: 

the success or failure of Management s efforts to implement the Company s plan of operation; 

the ability of the Company to fund its operating expenses; 

the ability of the Company to compete with other companies that have a similar plan of operation; 

the effect of changing economic conditions impacting our plan of operation; 

the ability of the Company to meet the other risks as may be described in future filings with the SEC. 

General Background of the Company 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the
 Company or CMG was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 30, 2004 under the name
 of Pebble Beach Enterprises, Inc. From the date of incorporation until August 2004, it was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Fresh Veg Broker.com, Inc. Fresh Veg ),
 a Nevada corporation. In August 2004, the Company was spun off from Fresh Veg. Until
May 27, 2008, the Company was a real estate investment company with three areas of operation: a) real estate acquisition and resale; b)
real estate development and resale; and c) real estate consulting and joint ventures. On February 20, 2008, a majority of the shares of
the Company were sold by the shareholders who were actively involved in the Company s prior real estate business (the Change
in Control ). Also, on February 20, 2008, the Company changed its name to CMG Holdings, Inc. Since the Change in Control,
the Company started to engage in the business of providing marketing, entertainment and management services. 

In October 2011, the Company changed its name from CMG
Holdings, Inc. to its current name CMG Holdings Group, Inc. to better reflect the business of the Company. 

 The Company is a marketing
communications company focused on the operation of organizations in the alternative advertising, digital media, experiential and interactive
marketing, and entertainment industry. Our Company was formed by a core group of executives who have held senior level positions with
several of the largest companies in the entertainment and marketing management industry. Our Company delivers customized marketing solutions
to optimize profitability by concentrating our resources in those segments of the marketing communications and entertainment industry.
Our Company operates in the sectors of experiential marketing, event marketing, commercial rights, and talent management. 

Experiential marketing includes
production and promotion, event designs, sponsorship evaluation, negotiation and activation, talent buying, show production, stage and
set designs, data analysis and management. We also offer branding and design services, including graphic, industrial and package designs
across traditional and new media, public relations, social media, media development and relations and interactive marketing platforms
to provide our clients with a customary private digital media networks to design and develop individual broadcasting digital media channels
for our clients to sell, promote and enhance their digital media video contents through mobile, online and social mediums. 

 4 

Below is the business description of XA,
The Experiential Agency, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

XA The Experiential Agency, Inc. (XA) 

Market
Strategy 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary,
XA, an integrated experiential marketing services company, we develop, manage and execute sales promotion programs at both national and
local levels, utilizing both online and offline marketing programs. Our programs assist our
clients effectively and promote their platforms and services directly to retailers and consumers, and are intended to assist our clients
to achieve maximum impact and return on their marketing investment. Our activities reinforce brand awareness, provide incentives to retailers
to motivate consumers to purchase their products, and are designed to meet the needs of our clients by focusing on the communities who
want to engage brands as part of their lifestyles. 

Through our wholly owned
subsidiary, XA, an integrated experiential marketing services company, we develop, manage and execute sales promotion programs at both
national and local levels, utilizing both online and offline marketing programs. Our programs
assist our clients effectively and promote their platforms and services directly to retailers and consumers, and are intended to assist
our clients to achieve maximum impact and return on their marketing investment. Our activities reinforce brand awareness, provide incentives
to retailers to motivate consumers to purchase their products, and are designed to meet the needs of our clients by focusing on the communities
who want to engage brands as part of their lifestyles. 

Sources of
Revenue 

Our revenues are generated through
the execution of marketing and communications programs derived primarily across the sectors of event management, talent management and
commercial rights as well as various media, planning and other management programs. The majority of our contracts with our clients are
negotiated individually and the terms of engagement with our clients and basis in which we earn fees and commissions will vary significantly.
Contracts with our client are multifaceted arrangements that may include incentive compensation provisions and may include vendor credits.
Our largest clients are corporations where they may arrange for our services to be provided locally or nationally. Similar to larger marketing
communications companies operating in our sector, our revenues are primarily derived from planning and executing marketing and communications
programs in various operating sectors. Most of our client contracts are individually negotiated where terms of engagements and consideration
in which we earn revenues vary among planning, creation, implementation and executions of marketing and communications programs specific
to the sectors of talent management, event management, and commercial rights. Several of our clients have complex contract arrangements;
therefore, we provide services to our clients from our own offices as well as onsite where the events
are held. In arranging for such services, we may enter into national or local agreements
and estimates are involved in determining both amount and timing of revenue recognition under these arrangements. 

Our fees are calculated to reflect
our expertise based on monthly rates as well as markup percentages and the relative overhead expenses to execute services provided to
our clients. Clients may seek to include incentive compensation components for successful execution as part of the total compensation.
Commissions earned are based on services provided and are usually calculated on a percentage over the total revenues generated for our
clients. Our revenues can also be generated when clients pay gross rates before we pay reduced rates the difference is commissions
earned which is either retained in total or shared with the client depending on the nature of
the services agreement. Our generated revenues are dependent upon the marketing and communications requirements of our corporate clients
and dependent on the terms of the client contract. The revenues for services performed can be recognized as proportional performance,
monthly basis or execution of the completed contracts. For revenues recognized on a completed contract basis, the contract terms are customary
in the industry. Our client contracts generally provide terms for termination by either party on 90-day notice. 

Competition 

In the highly competitive and
fragmented marketing and communications industry, our Company competes for business with mid- size marketing firms such as Mktg, Inc.
as well as large global holding companies such as International Management Group, Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc., MDC Partners,
Inc. and Omnicom. These global companies generally have greater resources than those available to us, and such resources may enable them
to aggressively compete with our Company s marketing communications businesses. We also face competition from numerous independent
agencies that operate in multiple markets. Our competitive advantage is to provide clients with marketing strategies that are focused
on increasing clients revenues and profits. 

Industry Trend 

Historically, event management and
talent management have been primary service provided by global companies in the marketing communications industry. However, as clients
aim to establish individual and enhanced relationships with their customers to more accurately measure the effectiveness of their marketing
expenditures, specialized and digital communications services are consuming a growing portion of marketing dollars. This increases the
demand for a broader range of marketing communications services. The mass market audience is giving way to life style segments, social
events/networks, and online/mobile communities, with each segment requiring a different message and/or different, often nontraditional,
channels of communication. Global marketers now seek innovative strategies, concepts and programs for new opportunities for small to mid-sized
communications companies. 

5 

Clients 

The Company serves clients across
the marketing communication industry. Marketing agreements and talent representation for our clients means that the Company handles marketing
communications and multiple brands, product lines of the client in every geographical location. We have contracts with many of our clients
and the terms of the contracts are customary in the industry. These contracts provide for termination by either party on relatively short
notice. Management s Discussion and Analysis Executive Overview for a further discussion of our arrangements
with our clients. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2019, the
Company and its subsidiary had 3 employees. The personal service character of the marketing communications sector, the quality of personnel
and executive management are crucially important to the Company s continuing success. As of December 31, 2019, the Company has 3
independent contractors they are used on a regular Basis for services. 

Environmental
Laws 

The company believes it complies
with all regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment, and such regulations have not had a material effect on
the capital expenditures or operations of the company. 

ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies 

ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2: DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

None 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

6 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED TO STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC market Pink Sheets under the symbol CMGO. For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the
high and low bid prices per share of common stock. The below prices represent inter-dealer quotations without retail markup, markdown,
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0076 
 0.0071 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0076 
 0.0036 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0049 
 0.0036 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0038 
 0.0030 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 First Quarter 
 0.0090 
 0.0081 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0149 
 0.0136 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0115 
 0.0106 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0083 
 0.0078 

As of April 6, 2023, our
shares of common stock were held by approximately 199 stockholders of record. The transfer agent of our common stock is Securities Transfer
Corporation, 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suitew 380, Plano, TX 75093, 469-633-0101. 

Dividends 

Holders of common stock are entitled
to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefore. We have never declared cash
dividends on its common stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future as it intends
to retain future earnings to finance the growth of our businesses. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws
that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

No equity compensation plan or
agreements under which our common stock is authorized for issuance has been adopted during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

+ Transfer Agent 

The Company s transfer
agent and registrar of the common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suitew 380, Plano, TX 75093, 469-633-0101. 

Warrants 

 As of the date of this Report,
the Company had warrants to purchase a total of 40,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock. Among such outstanding warrants
the terms of which are set forth as the following: 

There were Warrants to purchase
a total of 40,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock issued April 15, 2014. Warrants are exercisable within 5 years from issuance
at the exercise price of 0.0035. 

Penny Stock
Considerations 

Because our shares trade
at less than 5.00 per share, they are penny stocks as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. Our shares thus will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and
disclosure requirements on broker dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations,
a broker dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a special suitability
determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless
the broker dealer is otherwise exempt. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 100,000 

7 

individually
or 300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In addition, under the penny stock regulations the
broker dealer is required to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities
and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; disclose
commissions payable to the broker dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities;
Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s
value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and make a special written determination that the penny stock is
a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any
penny stock transaction in the customer s account. Because of these regulations, broker dealers may encounter difficulties in their
attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares
in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales
practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition,
the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability
will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 

Unregistered Sales Of Equity Securities and Issuance
of Equity Securities And Use Of Proceeds 

None 

ITEM 6: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company, as
defined in Rule 12b2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are not required to provide
the information required by this item. 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included with this Form 10K.
The following discussion and analysis provides certain information, which the Company s management believes is relevant to an assessment
and understanding of the Company s results of operations and financial condition for the year ended December 31, 2022. The statements
contained in this section that are not historical facts are forward looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995) that involve risks and uncertainties. Such forward looking statements may be identified by, among other
things, the use of forward looking terminology such as believes, expects, may, will, 
should or anticipates or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions
of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. From time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward looking statements,
orally or in writing. Such forward looking statements may be included in our various filings with the SEC, or press releases or oral statements
made by or with the approval of our authorized executive officers. 

These forward
looking statements, such as statements regarding anticipated future revenues, capital expenditures and other statements regarding matters
that are not historical facts, involve predictions. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the results
expressed in, or implied by, these forward looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly release any revisions to
these forward looking statements or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Many important factors affect our ability to achieve
our objectives, including, among other things, technological and other developments within a given field, intense and evolving competition,
the lack of an established trading market for our shares, and our ability to obtain additional financing, as well as other
risks detailed from time to time in our public disclosure filings with the SEC. 

Executive Summary 

References
in this Current Report on Form 10K to CMG Holdings Group , CMG , the Company, we, 
 us and our for periods prior to the closing of the Reorganization refer to the Registrant, and for periods
subsequent to the closing of the Reorganization refer to the Registrant and its subsidiaries. The Company reports its financial results
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP of the United States of America US GAAP ).
The Company s objective is to create shareholder value by building market leading strategies that deliver innovative, value added
marketing communications and strategic consulting to our clients. The company manages the business by monitoring several financial and
non financial performance indicators. The key indicators that we review focus on the areas of revenues and operating expenses. Revenue
growth is analyzed by reviewing the components and mix of the growth, including: growth by major geographic location and growth from acquisitions. 

8 

Financial analysis 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2021 Liquidity and capital resources 

As at December
31, 2022 the Company had a cash balance of 338,156 and working capital of 732,276 compared with a cash balance of 595,430 and a working
capital of 702,906 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash was mainly due final receipt of
settlement of a lawsuits. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash flows used in operating activities was 178,833 compared with provided by operating activities of 681,364 of cash flow
during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash flow from operating activities is mainly due to
 decrease final receipt of settlement of a lawsuit . 

Cash Flows from Investing Activity 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash flows used by investing activities were 0, compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was 78,440 as compared to 497,070 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Revenues 

The Company
had revenues of 2,033,712 in our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,618,874 in year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase in revenues is mainly due to the increase for XA. 

Cost of Sales 

The Company had cost of sales of
revenues of 1,502,046 in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 

 1,214,281 in the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase in cost of sales is mainly due to the increase of
revenues for XA. 

Expenses 

The
Company had total operating expenses of 683,185 in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 715,165 in the year ended
December 31, 2021. The decrease in operating expense is mainly due to the decrease in
fees relating to the final settlement from a lawsuit. 

Income 

The Company had a net income of
 21,500 in the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net income of 789,370 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
in net income is mainly due to the decrease in income received relating to the final settlement from a lawsuit. 

Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had
assets totaling 1,896,920, compared to 1,792,978 at December 31, 2021. Assets at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of cash of 338,156,
 loan receivable of 1,458,764 and property and equipment, net of 2,483. 

Liabilities 

Our liabilities at December
31, 2022 totaled 1,161,644 compared to 1,076,014 at December 31, 2021. Liabilities at December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of 385,514
in deferred compensation, loan from outside party of 15,000, loan payable of 666,000 and note payable of 60,000. 

9 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

For all
periods following closing under the Reorganization Agreement, the Company intends to prepare consolidated financial statements of the
Company and its subsidiaries, which will be prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
During the preparation of the financial statements the Company will be required to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis,
the Company will evaluate its estimates and judgments, including those related to sales, returns, pricing concessions, bad debts, inventories,
investments, fixed assets, intangible assets, income taxes and other contingencies. The Company intends to base its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under current conditions. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. In response to the SEC s Release No. 338040, Cautionary Advice
Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policy, the Registrant identified the most critical accounting principles upon
which its financial status depends. The Registrant determined that those critical accounting principles are related to the use of estimates,
revenue recognition, income tax and impairment of intangibles and other long lived assets. The Company presents these accounting policies
in the relevant sections in this management s discussion and analysis, including the Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
discussed below. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company
recognizes revenues generated from clients are subject to contracts requiring the Company to provide services within specified time periods
generally ranging up to twelve months. As a result, we have projects in process at various stages of completion on any given date and
stages may extend from one quarter to the next quarter and from one year to the next year. Revenue for our services is recognized when
the following criteria are satisfied: evidence of an arrangement exists; price is agreed upon at a fixed or determinable agreement level;
services have been performed and collection is assured. Depending on terms of a client contract, fees for services performed can be recognized
in three principal ways: individual project performances as is such in our event marketing division, monthly base retainers in our public
relations, consulting or talent management division, and completed contracts were the Company work is based on success fee of the engagement
and paid a percentage of the revenue generated by our clients. Depending on the terms of the client contract, revenue is derived from
arrangements involving fees for services performed, commissions, performance or a combinations of each or all three. The revenues and
commissions are generally earned on the date of the signing of the contract and then an invoice is distributed to the client with approvals.
Our revenue is recorded as gross revenues less cost of goods sold or less pass through expenses charged to a client because there may
be various pass through expenses, such as external production and marketing costs. 

If the Company
does not accurately manage our projects properly within the planned periods of time to satisfy our obligations under the contracts, then
future profit margins may be significantly and negatively affected or losses on existing contracts may need to be recognized. Outside
production costs consist primarily of costs to purchase media and program merchandise; costs of production; merchandise warehousing and
distribution; third party contract fulfillment costs; and other costs directly related to marketing programs. Revenue recognition will
not result in related billings throughout the duration of a contract due to timing differences between the contracted billing schedule
and the time such revenue is recognized. In such instances, when revenue is recognized in an amount in excess of the contracted billing
amount, we record such excess on our balance sheet as un billed contracts in progress. Alternatively, on a scheduled billing date, should
the billing amount exceed the amount of revenue recognized, we record such excess on our balance sheet as deferred revenue. In addition,
on contracts where reimbursable costs are incurred prior to the time revenue is recognized on such contracts, we record such costs as
deferred contract costs on our balance sheet. Notwithstanding this, labor costs for permanent employees are expensed as incurred. 

We use estimates of fair
value to value derivative instruments. Fair value is defined as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between willing and able market participants. In general, our policy in estimating fair values is to first look at observable market prices
for identical assets and liabilities in active markets, where available. When these are not available, other inputs are used to model
fair value such as prices of similar instruments, yield curves, volatilities, prepayment speeds, default rates and credit spreads (including
for our liabilities), relying first on observable data from active markets. Additional adjustments may be made for factors including liquidity,
credit, bid/offer spreads, etc., depending on current market conditions. Transaction costs are not included in the determination of fair
value. When possible, we seek to validate the model s output to market transactions. 

10 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CMG
Holdings Group, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements
of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s negative
cash flow from operations raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-2 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S BF Borgers CPA PC 

 PC (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020 

April 14, 2023 

F-3 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 As of December 31, 

ASSETS 
 2021 
 2021 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Loan to officer 

Loan receivable 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Deferred compensation 

Loan Payable 

Loan from outside party 

Paycheck Protection Loan 

Note payable 

Total current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Common Stock shares authorized; par value, 

shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock 450,000,000 shares authorized; 0.001 par value, 438,672,016 shares issued and outstanding as of December
 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F-4 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Net income from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Settlement of loan payable 

Settlement of Lawsuit Hudson Gray 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Gain on sale of securities 

Total other income 

Net income 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

Income (Loss) per Common Share - Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F-5 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Net Income(Loss) for the year 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net Income(Loss) for the year 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F-6 

CMG Holdings Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Interest income 

Accrued interest expense 

Deferred compensation 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable 

Net cash provided by operations 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from loans payable 

Payments of loans payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Payment of loan receivable officer 

Payment of loan receivable 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . 

F-7 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-8 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-10 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated financial Statements 

. As of
December 31, 2019, the Company had loaned to Pristec at
an interest rate of ,
the loan matures in twelve (12) months. As of December 31, 2020 the Company loaned an additional and
extended the loan for another 12 months until December 31, 2023. Pristec is a late stage technology company that has 108 worldwide
patents for the cold cracking of crude oil and other oil products. The Company has been granted the right to convert this loan into shares
of stock at price of . At
the discretion of the Company, the Company has the option of entering into a revenue sharing at the same terms. Total amount owed
including interest is 123,430 and 121,447 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 On June 24, 2020 The Company
entered into an agreement with New Vacuum Technologies LLC(NVT) whereby the Company loaned NVT .
During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company loaned an additional 
 to NVT. NVT repaid 
 to the Company. The loan was originally due on December 24, 2020 at an interest rate of 
 per annum. The loan was extended on December 24, 2022 until December 24, 2023. The loan was verbally extended until . The total amount owed including interest is 1,391,334 and 1,069,201 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

 On September 3, 21022, The
Company loan its CEO Glenn Laken 100,000 for personal legal fees. 

par value per share common stock. 

b. Common Stock Warrants 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not issue any warrants
for its common shares. On December 15, 2017, the Company's Board of Directors lowered the strike
price on the outstanding Warrants previously
issued to Glenn Laken to 
and extended the expiration date for an additional five (5) years. These warrants were extended to December 15, 2022. They were extended
again to December 15, 2027. The remaining life at December 31, 2022 is 5 years(60 months) 

F-11 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated financial Statements 

from GS Capital Partners LLC. The note is due and payable on . The note has an interest rate of 
per annum. The Holder of this Note is entitled, at its option, at any time after cash payment, to convert all or any amount of the principal
face amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of the Company's common stock (the Common Stock at a price for each
share of Common Stock at a price Conversion Price of per share (the Fixed Price ). Beginning
on the 6th monthly anniversary of the Issuance Date of the Note, the Fixed Price shall be equal to 0.0092 per share . Provided,
however that in the event, the Company s Common Stock trades below 0.007 per share for more than seven (7)
consecutive trading days, the Holder of this Note is entitled, at its option, to convert all or any amount of the principal face
amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of the Company's Common Stock at a Conversion Price equal to the lower of 
the Fixed Price or 75 of the average of the two lowest VWAP s of the Common Stock as
reported on the National Quotations Bureau OTC Marketplace exchange which the Company s shares are traded or any exchange upon which
the Common Stock may be traded in the future Exchange ), for the ten prior trading
days including the day upon which a Notice of Conversion is received by the Company or its transfer agent (provided such Notice of Conversion
is delivered by fax or other electronic method of communication to the Company or its transfer agent after 4 P.M. Eastern Standard or
Daylight Savings Time if the Holder wishes to include the same day closing price). If the shares have not been delivered within 3 business
days, the Notice of Conversion may be rescinded. Such conversion shall be effectuated by the Company delivering the shares of Common Stock
to the Holder within 3 business days of receipt by the Company of the Notice of Conversion. Accrued but unpaid interest shall be subject
to conversion. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractions of shares will be issued on conversion, but the number of shares
issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share . To the extent the Conversion Price of the Company s Common Stock
closes below the par value per share, the Company will take all steps necessary to solicit the consent of the stockholders to reduce
the par value to the lowest value possible under law. The Company agrees to honor all conversions submitted pending this increase.
In no event shall the Holder be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company Common Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock of the Company (which
may be increased up to 9.9 upon 60 days prior written notice by the Investor). The conversion discount, look back period and other
terms will be adjusted on a ratchet basis if the Company offers a more favorable conversion discount, prepayment rate, interest rate,
(whether through a straight discount or in combination with an original issue discount), look back period or other more favorable term
to another party for any financings while this Note is in effect, including but not limited to defaults, penalties and the remedy for
such defaults or penalties. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company borrowed an additional 222,000 under the same terms. 

NOTES PAYABLE 

In 2017 the company borrowed 150,000 from 2 individuals in Ireland.
90k and 60k respectively. In 2021 the individual who was owed 90k was paid back with interest. The Ceo of CMG had a disagreement
with the second lender and they have not spoken in almost 4 years, we are carrying the loan and at some point it will more than
likely settle. 

F-12 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated financial Statements 

available to offset taxable income in future years which commence expiring in 2030. The Company is
subject to United States federal and state income taxes at an approximate rate of (2022 and 2021). As at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 the Company had no uncertain tax positions. 

Permanent differences and other 

Valuation allowance change 

Provision for income taxes 

The significant components of
deferred income tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

F-13 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated financial Statements 

Cost of Revenues 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expenses) 

Net income(loss) 

The Company
splits its business activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 into three reportable segments. Each segment represents an entity
of which are included in the consolidation. The table below represents the operations results for each segment or entity, for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

CMG Holding 

XA 
 Group 
 Total 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expenses) 

Net income(loss) 

F-14 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 

 Notes to the Consolidated financial Statements 

from a relative of the Company CEO. This amount is due on demand and has an interest rate of . At December 31, 2021 the remaining balance
of the loan was . 

The Company issued the Company
CEO a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at . The warrant has an original term of years.
On December 15, 2017 the purchase price was changed to and the term was extended years. The warrants were vested 100 on April
7, 2014 when issued. 

The board of directors approved
a monthly salary for the Company CEO of per month. Due to negative economic factors the company did not make any of these payments
until January 15, 2019, when payments to the CEO began. The Company has recorded Deferred Compensation of at December
31, 2022. The Company made payments of and in excess of the current 180,000 and 180,000 salary for periods ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company paid 
and for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as compensation to the President of XA, who is the daughter
of the Company CEO. 

F-15 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

During the Company's
previous fiscal years ended December 31, 2004 through 2018, neither the Company nor anyone on the Company's behalf consulted with BF Borgewrs
CPA PC regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the
type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company's financial statements or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a
disagreement or a reportable event as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation SK. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer d Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a15(e) and 15d15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based upon such evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to the identification of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which
is identified below, which we view as an integral part of our disclosure controls and procedures. This conclusion by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer does not relate to reporting periods after December 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework stated by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 1992). Furthermore, due to our financial situation, the Company will be implementing
further internal controls as the Company becomes operative so as to fully comply with the standards set by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a15(f)
and 15d15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due
to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on its evaluation as
of December 31, 2022, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31,
2022 due to the identification of a material weakness. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. At any time, if it appears that any control
can be implemented to continue to mitigate such weaknesses, it is immediately implemented. As soon as our finances allow, we will hire
sufficient accounting staff and implement appropriate procedures for monitoring and review of work performed by our Chief Financial Officer. 

In performing this assessment, management has identified the
following material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022: 

There is a lack of segregation of duties necessary for a good system of
internal control due to insufficient accounting staff due to the size of the Company 

Lack of a formal review process that includes multiple levels of reviews 

Employees and management lack the qualifications and training to fulfill their assigned accounting and
reporting functions 

Inadequate design of controls over significant accounts and processes 

Inadequate documentation of the components of internal control in general 

Failure in the operating effectiveness over controls related to valuing
and recording equity based payments to employees and non employees 

11 

Failure in the operating effectiveness over controls related to valuing
and recording debt instruments including those with conversion options and the related embedded derivative liabilities 

Failurein
the operating effectiveness over controls related to evaluating and recording related party transactions The Company is not required
by current SEC rules to include, and does not include, an auditor's attestation report. The Company's registered public accounting firm has
not attested to Management's reports on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

No change
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the name and position of each of our current executive officers and directors. All directors hold office until
the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their respective successors are elected, except in the case of death, resignation or
removal: 

Name 
 Age 
 With Company Since 
 Director/Position 

Glenn Laken 
 68 
 April 7, 2014 
 CEO, CFO and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Glenn
Laken . Over the past 30 years, Mr. Laken has held multiple senior executive positions and created successful growth strategies in
the financial services sector. His expansive professional experience includes working as an advisor to the 22 billion dollar Ameritech
Pension fund, partnership in a Wall Street specialist firm, ownership of a Chicago clearing house with offices nationwide, and the purchase
and restructuring of the Cigarette Racing Team Company. He has also enjoyed success in the area of mergers and acquisitions as an accomplished
business leader. 

A Company
shareholder since 2010, Mr. Laken organized a shareholder group that forced changes in Company management in 2012, after careful analysis
revealed that the Company was failing to reach its potential due to mismanagement by the original management team. Since orchestrating
this change, Mr. Laken has worked as Company consultant, introducing Jeffrey Devlin and David Kovacs to the Board, and bringing Ron Burkhardt
on as a board member and executive chairman of XA, The Experiential Agency, Inc. XA ). 

12 

Board Committees 

We do not
have a standing nominating, compensation or audit committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of these committees.
Also, we do not have an audit committee financial expert on our board of directors as that term is defined by Item 401(d)(5)(ii)
of Regulation SK. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters
that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters
to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our Common Stock is not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities
exchange, we are not required to have such committees. 

Director Independence 

Our securities
are not listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter dealer quotation system which has requirements that directors be independent.
We believe that two of our three directors, Jeffrey Devlin and Ronald Burkhardt, would not be considered to be independent, as that term
is defined in the listing standards of NASDAQ. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors 

During its fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors met one time. In addition, the Board of Directors had otherwise transacted business
by unanimous written consents during the year 2022. 

Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board recognizes that the leadership structure and combination or separation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman roles is driven
by the needs of the Company at any point in time. Currently, Mr. Glenn Laken serves as Chairman of our Board as well as the CEO of the
Company. We have no policy requiring the combination or separation of leadership roles and our governing documents do not mandate a particular
structure. This has allowed, and will continue to allow, our Board the flexibility to establish the most appropriate structure for our
company at any given time. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board
of Directors adopted a code of ethics, which was filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the annual report on Form 10KSB filed on February 20, 2008,
and which is incorporated by reference herein. The Code of Ethics applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. 

 The code of
ethics address, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws, regulations and policies,
including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, confidentiality, trading on inside information, and reporting of
violations of the code. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more
than 10 of the Company s Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company
with copies of Section 16(a) forms they file. 

13 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth
information concerning cash and noncash compensation paid by the Company to its CEO and CFO and the CEO of XA during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Name/ Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Glenn Laken (1) 
 2022 
 180,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 180,000 
 
 CEO, CFO and Chairman 
 2021 
 180,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 180,000 

(1) Mr. Laken was appointed as our CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors on April 30, 2014. 

Employment Agreements 

The
Company has not entered into any employment contract with Glenn Laken, the CEO and Chairman of Board of Directors. Mr. Laken was granted
warrants to purchase forty million (40,000,000) shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0155 with a term of five years. The
warrants have been extended to December 15, 2023. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

There were no un exercised options,
stock that has not vested or equity incentive plan awards for any named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plan 

There were no un exercised options, stock that has
not vested or equity incentive plan awards for any named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Currently, there is no equity compensation plan in place. 

Director Compensation 

Members of our Board of Directors do not normally
receive cash compensation for their services as Directors, although some Directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in
attending Board or committee meetings. No directors received any compensation for their services during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table provides the names and addresses
of each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022, and by the officers
and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed
possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Title of Class 
 Amount 
 Percent of Class(2) 
 
 Directors and named Executive Officers 

Glenn Laken 
 Common Stock 
 14,290,850 
 3.26 
 
 5 Security Holders 

None. 

14 

(1) Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named
in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject
to community property laws where applicable and to the information contained in the footnotes to this table. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of the beneficial owner is c/o CMG Holdings Group, Inc. at 2130 Lincoln Park West 8N, Chicago, IL 60614. 

(2) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Report, (a) the
numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within
60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total
shares of common stock outstanding on as of the date of this Annual Report (290,716,364), and (ii) the total number of shares that the
beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power
to vote and dispose of its shares. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The Company
was not a party to any transaction (where the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our assets for the
last two fiscal years) in which a director, executive officer, holder of more than five percent of our common stock, or any member of
the immediate family of any such person have or will have a direct or indirect material interest and no such transactions are currently
proposed. 

The Company s
Board conducts an appropriate review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict
of interest situations where appropriate. The Board has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any
related party transaction. However, the Board believes that the related party transactions are fair and reasonable to the Company and
on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same goods and/or services at
the time they are authorized by the Board. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth fees billed to us by
our auditors during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for: (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, (ii) services by our auditor that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as Audit Fees, 

(iii) services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning, and (iv) all other
fees for services rendered. 

FISCAL YEAR 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 
 FIRM 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 (i), (ii) Audit Related Fees: BF Borgers CPA PC 
 21,000 
 13,000 
 
 (iii) 
 Tax Fees 

(iv) All Other Fees 

TOTAL FEES 
 21,000 
 13,000 

The Company s board of directors, acting as
our audit committee pre-approved each engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements 

The following are filed as part of this report: Financial
Statements 

The financial
statements of CMG Holdings Group, Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are presented in the F 
pages of this Report. 

15 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed or furnished 
herewith: Incorporate by Reference 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit Description 

Form 

Filing
 Date/ Period End 
 Date 

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated May 27, 2008 between 

2.1 
 
 CMG Holding, Inc. and Creative Management Group, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 May 5, 2008 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Pebble Beach Enterprises, Inc. dated July 26, 2004 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 February 1, 2006 

Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of CMG Holding, Inc., dated 

3.2 
 
 February 20, 2008 
 
 8-K 
 
 February 1, 2006 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of CMG Holdings, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 February 1, 2006 

Certificate of the Designations, Powers Preferences and Rights of the Series A 

3.4 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock dated March 31, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 April 6, 2011 

Certificate of the Designations, Powers Preferences and Rights of the Series B 

3.6 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock dated March 31, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 April 12, 2011 

Form of Convertible Promissory Notes issued to Continental Equities, LLC on 

4.1 
 
 September 7, 2012 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Form of Convertible Promissory Notes issued to Asher Enterprises, Inc. on May 

4.2 
 
 20, 2013 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 
 
 10.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement AudioEye date March 31, 2010. 
 
 10-K 
 
 April 15, 2010 
 
 10.2 
 
 AudioEye Spinoff Master Agreement dated June 22, 2011 
 
 8-K 
 
 June 24, 2011 
 
 10.3 
 
 Revised AudioEye Spinoff Master Agreement dated April 5, 2012 
 
 8-K 
 
 April 27, 2012 

Royalty Agreement, dated June 22, 2011, by and between the Company 

10.4 
 
 and AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Services Agreement, dated June 22, 2011, by and between the Company 

10.5 
 
 and AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Call Option Agreement, dated August 1, 2013, between the Company and 

10.6 
 
 AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Call Option Agreement Second Extension, dated September 14, 2013, between the 

10.7 
 
 Company and AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Call Option Agreement Third Extension, dated November 7, 2013, between the 

10.8 
 
 Company and AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Call Option Agreement Second Extension, dated December 16, 2013, between the 

10.9 
 
 Company and AudioEye 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Modification to Separation Agreement and Release, dated June 26, 2013, 

10.10 
 
 between the Company and Alan Morell 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Settlement Agreement, dated August 3, 2013, among the Company, James 

10.11 
 
 Ennis, Scott Baily, Martin Boyle, Hudson Capital Advisors and Michael Vandetty 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Termination Agreement and Release, dated August 3, 2013, among the Company, 

10.12 
 
 Continental Investments Group, Inc. and Connied, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Form Resignation and Compensation Agreement, dated February 5, 2014, 

10.13 
 
 between the Company and Barry Kernan, Ian Thompson and Declan Keegan 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

Form Indemnification Agreement, dated February 5, 2014, between the 

10.14 
 
 Company and Barry Kernan, Ian Thompson and Declan Keegan 
 
 10-K 
 
 June 8, 2015 

February 20, 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 2008 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 CMG Holdings Group, Inc. Certification of
 Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 
 
 . 

31.2 
 
 CMG Holdings Group, Inc. Certification of
 Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 
 
 . 

32.1 
 
 CMG Holdings Group, Inc. Certification of CEO and CFO Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. 
 
 . 

Interactive Data Files for CMG Holdings
Group, Inc. 10K for the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101 

 of 2002 

 Interactive Data Files for CMG Holdings Group,
Inc. 10K for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 

Filed herewith 

Users of this data are
advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation SX that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for the purpose of section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections 

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 
 (Registrant) 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken,Chief Executive Officer 
 and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

CMG HOLDINGS GROUP, INC. 
 (Registrant) 

April 17, 2023 

By: /s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken, Chairman 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14.

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Glenn Laken, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of CMG Holdings Group, Inc..; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-15(e)
and 15d-15e) and have internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14.

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Glen Laken, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of CMG Holdings Group, Inc..; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 

 a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements 

 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 

 present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 

 controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-15(e) and 15d-15e)
and have internal control over 

 financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
 controls and procedures 
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
 relating to the registrant, 
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly 
 during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
 internal control over financial 
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the 
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in 
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
 procedures and presented in 
 this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the controls and
 procedures as of the end of 
 the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting that 
 occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably 
 likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 

 control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors 

 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
 of internal control 
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
 the registrant's ability to record, 
 process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
 who have a 
 significant role in the registrant's internal controls. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32-1.htm
 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT.

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of CMG Holdings Group, Inc.(the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of
the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Glenn Laken 

Glenn Laken 

Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Office 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cmgo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cmgo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cmgo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cmgo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

